年報     ANNUAL REPORT

2025   2025
Contents
Corporate Information                              2
Chairman’s Statement                               4
Financial Highlights                               5
Management Discussion and Analysis                 6
Biographies of Directors and Senior Management    13
Report of the Board of Directors                  19
Corporate Governance Report                       44
Environmental, Social and Governance Report       65
Independent Auditor’s Report                     117
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and     122
  Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     124
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      126
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             128
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements       130
Definitions                                      219
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                      NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors                                     Mr. ZHANG Yongjun (Chairman)
                                                            Mr. WU Pinfang (appointed on July 31, 2025)
    Mr. WU Pinfang (Chairman)
                                                            Mr. SHI Jian (ceased on July 31, 2025)
    Mr. WANG Kai (General Manager)
                                                            Ms. TONG Sze Wan (appointed on March 27, 2025)
    Mr. SHI Jian (resigned on July 31, 2025)
                                                            Dr. ZOU Jiasheng (ceased on March 27, 2025)

    Non-executive Directors
                                                            STRATEGY COMMITTEE
    Mr. GU Yanjun
                                                            Mr. WU Pinfang (Chairman)
    Mr. ZHOU Lin (resigned on December 9, 2025)
                                                            Ms. TONG Sze Wan
    Ms. LIU Yilin
                                                            Mr. ZHANG Yongjun
    Ms. ZHAO Jing (appointed on December 29, 2025)


    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                            AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                            Mr. WANG Kai (appointed on July 31, 2025)
    Ms. TONG Sze Wan
                                                            Mr. SHI Jian (ceased on July 31, 2025)
    Mr. ZHANG Yongjun
                                                            Ms. WONG Hoi Ting (ceased on January 9, 2026)
    Dr. ZOU Jiasheng
                                                            Ms. CHUNG Man Nar Mona (appointed on January 9, 2026)

    SUPERVISORS
                                                            AUDITORS
    Mr. HE Guangliang (ceased on December 29, 2025)
                                                            Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Ms. ZHAO Jing (ceased on December 29, 2025)
                                                            Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Mr. YUAN Ruichen (ceased on December 29, 2025)
                                                            35/F, One Pacific Place
    Mr. KUANG Kaifeng (resigned on November 21, 2025)
                                                            88 Queensway, Admiralty
                                                            Hong Kong
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Mr. SHI Jian (resigned on July 31, 2025)                HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR
    Ms. WONG Hoi Ting (resigned on January 9, 2026)
                                                            Morgan, Lewis & Bockius
    Ms. ZHAO Jing (appointed on January 9, 2026)
                                                            19/F, Edinburgh Tower
    Ms. CHUNG Man Nar Mona (appointed on January 9, 2026)
                                                            The Landmark
                                                            15 Queen’s Road Central
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                            Central, Hong Kong
    Ms. TONG Sze Wan (Chairlady)
    Mr. GU Yanjun                                           PRC LEGAL ADVISOR
    Dr. ZOU Jiasheng
                                                            Lifeng Partners
                                                            39/F, Tower 2, Jing An Kerry Centre
    REMUNERATION AND REVIEW COMMITTEE
                                                            1539 West Nanjing Road
    Dr. ZOU Jiasheng (Chairman)                             Shanghai, PRC
    Mr. WU Pinfang
    Ms. TONG Sze Wan




2   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Corporate Information




COMPLIANCE ADVISER                  STOCK CODE
Soochow Securities International    2582
  Capital Limited
Level 17, Three Pacific Place       COMPANY’S WEBSITE
1 Queen’s Road East
                                    www.guofuhee.com
Hong Kong


REGISTERED OFFICE AND HEAD OFFICE
IN THE PRC
No. 236
Guotai North Road
Zhangjiagang City
Jiangsu Province
PRC


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
HONG KONG
31/F., Tower Two
Times Square
1 Matheson Street
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKS
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
  Zhangjiagang Sub-branch
No. 3-98, Renmin West Road
Zhangjiagang City
Jiangsu Province
PRC


HONG KONG H SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong
  Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai
Hong Kong




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025   3
    Chairman’s Statement

    Dear investors,

    On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the annual report of the Group for FY2025.

    2025 is a year that marked a pivotal and challenging turning point in Guofu Hydrogen’s development. Despite the volatility
    and adjustments of the hydrogen energy industry associated with the industry’s transition from policy-driven to market-
    driven growth, the Company, through the collective efforts of all employees, continued to make solid progress in achieving
    breakthroughs in core technologies and expanding emerging business:

    During the year, the Company actively promoted and successfully established a closed-loop liquid hydrogen industry
    ecosystem. The first 10-ton-per-day commercial liquid hydrogen plant in China which we participated, has successfully
    completed commissioning and production; the core equipment for liquid hydrogen storage and transportation—liquid
    hydrogen tank containers and tanks—have obtained international and domestic factory approvals and product certifications,
    respectively. Application scenarios for liquid hydrogen refueling stations are steadily being implemented, and the vehicle-
    mounted liquid hydrogen system has also successfully completed bench testing under liquid hydrogen conditions. With
    this, the large-scale application of the full onshore industrial chain for liquid hydrogen—covering “production, storage,
    transportation, refueling, and consumption” has formed a verifiable industrial closed-loop system.

    At the same time, the water electrolysis hydrogen production business is rapidly emerging as the Company’s second
    growth. Based on reinforcing the leading position in the hydrogen transportation sector, the Company achieved a series of
    breakthroughs in 2025 across diverse hydrogen production scenarios, including green hydrogen for chemical applications
    and green metallurgy. Notably, we successfully won the bid for a project involving 22 sets of electrolyzer and supporting
    equipment for Hami Tonghuide Green Casting Co., Ltd.—this marks the Company’s first large-scale integrated green electricity
    hydrogen production and metallurgy project and a crucial step forward in the green hydrogen industrial application.

    Looking ahead to 2026, we believe the hydrogen energy industry is poised to experience accelerated industrialization
    during the 15th Five-Year Plan period. Guofu Hydrogen will continue to uphold “integrated equipment across the entire
    industry chain” as its core competitive advantage, and leveraging its strengths to accelerate innovation. We will establish
    a comprehensive presence across diverse sectors, including hydrogen-powered transportation, water electrolysis hydrogen
    production, entire liquid hydrogen industrial chain, data center power supply, the low-altitude economy, and new energy
    vessels, striving to build a three-dimensional, integrated application ecosystem spanning “water, land and air.” At the same
    time, we will rapidly replicate and promote the R&D and demonstration achievements of cutting-edge domestic technologies
    to our established overseas markets, achieving dual-engine growth driven by both domestic and international markets.

    I firmly believe that the hydrogen industry is far from reaching its full potential, and today’s investments and perseverance will
    translate into sustainable value in the future. Guofu Hydrogen will continue to adopt a pragmatic, professional, and long-term
    approach, working alongside our Shareholders to navigate market cycles and achieve a shared future.

    Thank you for your patience and trust.



    Mr. Wu Pinfang
    Chairman and Executive Director
    Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen Energy Equipment Co., Ltd.

    Jiangsu, the PRC
    March 30, 2026




4   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Financial Highlights


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                 For the year ended December 31,
Operating Results                      2025         2024            2023          2022          2021
                                   RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


Revenue                             346,374      458,609          522,442      359,492        329,278
Gross profit                          3,871       45,937           93,365       39,022         31,772
Loss before tax                    (294,621)     (252,629)        (88,809)     (116,090)      (89,549)
Loss for the year                  (381,684)     (208,628)        (75,043)      (96,218)      (75,249)
Loss per share – Basic (RMB)           (3.57)       (2.12)          (0.81)        (1.04)        (0.87)


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                            At December 31,
Operating Results                      2025         2024            2023          2022          2021
                                   RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


Total assets                       3,024,029    2,564,529       2,097,535     1,665,321     1,109,297
Total liabilities                  1,789,398    1,571,621       1,531,913     1,053,483       416,407
Equity attributable to owners of
  the Company                      1,216,649     991,025          565,391      611,867        694,533




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025   5
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    BUSINESS OVERVIEW OF FY2025
    In 2025, as a pivotal year bridging the 14th and 15th Five-Year Plans, the hydrogen energy industry entered a new phase of
    policy support, with its strategic role as a key carrier for achieving the “dual carbon” goals and advancing the energy structure
    transition further solidified.


    During FY2025, the Group continued to provide customers with three major categories of hydrogen energy equipment
    products, including: (i) vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and related products; (ii) equipment for
    hydrogen refueling stations and related products; and (iii) water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and related
    products.


    In traditional areas of strength, such as vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and equipment for hydrogen
    refueling stations, the Group continued to maintain its industry-leading position, with sales growth consistently ranking
    among the top in the industry. Notably, the contribution of the water electrolysis hydrogen production business to the Group’s
    operating revenue increased from 6.9% in FY2024 to 28.6% in FY2025. The product mix continued to improve, and the
    strategic emerging business had significantly strengthened their supporting role in overall performance.


    The Group’s operating loss for FY2025 was primarily attributable to a combination of factors: a slowdown in overall market
    demand within the industry, intensified market competition, and an increase in credit impairment losses. As the hydrogen
    energy industry gradually matures, the Company would continue to advance its strategic adjustments and, through
    initiatives such as technological breakthroughs, market expansion, and cost optimization, progressively improve its operating
    performance while enhancing its profitability and risk resilience.


    In response to the performance pressures resulting from the industry’s phased adjustments in FY2025, the Company has taken
    proactive strategic measures and implemented a series of initiatives: (i) continuing to increase research and development
    investment in emerging products, with a focus on non-transportation sectors such as water electrolysis hydrogen production
    equipment and equipment for the liquid hydrogen industrial chain, to consolidate its technological leadership; and (ii)
    advancing the implementation of benchmark projects to actively cultivate new business growth drivers. The Group’s specific
    initiatives include the successful commissioning of liquid hydrogen production of the Qilu 10-ton-scale liquid hydrogen
    project (the fourth batch of first-of-a-kind major technical equipment in the energy sector approved by the National Energy
    Administration) in November 2025; the full-scale operation of the Hohhot Wusu wind-photovoltaic green electricity hydrogen
    production and refueling integrated demonstration station in Inner Mongolia and the Xihai Comprehensive Energy Station
    in Manas County, Xinjiang; the smooth implementation of the Xinjiang Tonghuide hydrogen metallurgy project, which has
    expanded new application scenarios of green hydrogen beyond the chemical and transportation sectors. In addition, the
    Company has delivered multi-scenario water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and project solutions to countries
    such as Malaysia, India, Morocco and Germany.




6   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




FUTURE OUTLOOK AND STRATEGIC DEPLOYMENT
Looking ahead to 2026, the hydrogen energy sector is expected to remain in a phase of structural divergence and a shift
in the focus of applications. The Company believes that future growth opportunities will primarily stem from the industrial,
energy and international markets, whilst the transportation sector will transition from widespread expansion to a more rational
phase of development, with greater emphasis on the economic viability of specific scenarios, alignment with regional policies
and operational quality. Leveraging its integrated capabilities across “production, storage, transportation, refuelling and
utilization”, the Company will focus on green hydrogen production, liquid hydrogen storage and transportation, green fuels,
cryogenic equipment and overseas localisation to further optimise its business structure.


In face of the new year, the Company will focus on advancing the following strategic initiatives in line with the following
priorities: enhancing the quality of transportation operations, achieving breakthroughs in liquid hydrogen and cryogenic
technology, expanding green hydrogen and diversified applications, deepening localisation overseas, and improving
operational quality:


1.     Optimising the business structure in the transportation sector: Continue to expand hydrogen transportation
       operations, focusing on specific scenarios that offer operation’s economic viability, demonstrate leadership potential
       and provide guaranteed revenue streams; prioritise high-quality projects such as heavy-duty trucks, ports, mining sites,
       public transport and specialised vehicles; and consolidate our competitive advantage in vehicle-mounted hydrogen
       supply systems and hydrogen refuelling station equipment within key regions and among core customers;


2.     Driving commercial breakthroughs in liquid hydrogen and cryogenic equipment: Building on the engineering
       experience and equipment validation results gained from the 10-tonne-per-day liquid hydrogen demonstration project,
       we will accelerate the market commercialisation of equipment across the entire liquid hydrogen value chain—from
       production, storage, transportation, refuelling and utilisation—and enhance our capabilities in providing integrated
       solutions. Meanwhile, we will leverage our strengths in cryogenic engineering and core equipment manufacturing to
       actively expand into cutting-edge fields such as cryogenic equipment for nuclear fusion and marine cryogenic storage
       and transportation equipment. We will also follow up on and participate in supporting projects for cryogenic systems,
       such as nuclear fusion cold boxes, to cultivate medium- to long-term business growth opportunities;


3.     Strengthening green hydrogen equipment and diverse application scenarios: Focusing on system integration
       capabilities for water electrolysis hydrogen production, we will expand into application scenarios such as chemicals,
       metallurgy, green fuels and integrated energy stations, thereby driving the large-scale implementation of green
       hydrogen in industrial decarbonisation and energy substitution. Strengthen the deployment of core equipment for
       hydrogen, ammonia, alcohols and related technologies; prioritise the promotion of demonstration applications such
       as marine clean energy equipment, core equipment for green fuel projects, hydrogen-powered data centres and
       hydrogen-powered drones; and enhance the project-driving capacity and revenue contribution of non-transportation
       applications;


4.     Deepening our global footprint and localising operations: Focusing on key markets such as the Middle East,
       Southeast Asia, Europe and South America, driving the expansion of our overseas business from pilot projects and
       product exports towards localised manufacturing, local delivery and the development of sustainable service capabilities.
       This will improve the quality of overseas orders and increase their contribution to revenue, thereby enhancing the
       Company’s resilience to fluctuations in any single regional market; and



                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025     7
    Management Discussion and Analysis




    5.      Strengthening the synergy between operational quality and technology: We will continue to drive cost
            reduction and efficiency improvements, supply chain coordination and financial risk management, thereby enhancing
            project delivery efficiency and the quality of asset operations. Focusing on liquid hydrogen, green hydrogen, cryogenic
            equipment and diverse application scenarios, we will strengthen the development of technology platforms, promote
            the transformation of R&D outcomes into standardised products and replicable solutions, and support subsequent
            large-scale growth.


    The Company will continue to focus on technological capabilities, engineering-driven delivery and global expansion,
    optimising its business structure and operational quality, enhancing its long-term intrinsic value, and generating robust and
    sustainable returns for Shareholders.


    FINANCIAL REVIEW
    Revenue
    The Group’s revenue mainly consists of the sales derived from its three major product types: (i) vehicle-mounted high-pressure
    hydrogen supply systems and related products; (ii) equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and related products; and (iii)
    water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and related products.


    The following table sets forth a breakdown of the revenue by product type for the years indicated:


                                                                               For the year
                                                                           ended December 31,                       Year-on-year
                                                                               2025                   2024                change
                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


     Vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen
         supply systems and related products                                158,487               279,089                (43.2)%
     Equipment for hydrogen refueling stations
         and related products                                                88,823               147,945                (40.0)%
     Water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment
         and related products                                                99,064                 31,575               213.7%


    Total                                                                   346,374               458,609                (24.5)%


    For FY2025, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB346.4 million, as compared to approximately RMB458.6
    million for FY2024, representing a decrease of approximately 24.5%, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in
    sales revenue from the vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and related products, and equipment for
    hydrogen refueling stations and related products by approximately 43.2% and 40.0%, respectively, due to slowing demand
    in the traditional hydrogen transportation sector and delays in policy implementation. However, it was worth noting that the
    emerging water electrolysis hydrogen production business achieved significant growth of 213.7%, effectively alleviating the
    pressure caused by the decline in traditional businesses and demonstrating the strategic success of the Group’s diversified
    hydrogen application strategy.




8   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Cost of Sales
The Group’s cost of sales consists primarily of (i) raw material costs, which mainly include the procurement costs for carbon
fiber, pipes and valves, electrical instrumentation, aluminum tubes, compressors and compressor skids, among others; (ii)
direct labor costs, which mainly represent the manpower used in the production activities; and (iii) manufacturing expenses,
which mainly include utility expenses, low value consumables and depreciation of manufacturing expenses relating to the
plants, machinery and equipment used in connection with its production activities.


Cost of sales of the Group decreased by approximately 17.0% from approximately RMB412.7 million for FY2024 to
approximately RMB342.5 million for FY2025, which was in line with the decrease in the revenue of the Group.


Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Gross profit of the Group decreased by approximately 91.5% from approximately RMB45.9 million for FY2024 to
approximately RMB3.9 million for FY2025. Gross profit margin decreased from approximately 10.0% for FY2024 to
approximately 1.0% for FY2025. The decrease in gross profit margin was primarily attributable to (i) a decline in revenue that
directly undermined the ability to generate gross profits; and (ii) an increase in fixed costs, such as equipment depreciation
and amortization of intangible assets, led to higher fixed costs allocated to product per unit, further squeezing gross profit
margins.


Other Income
Other income of the Group increased by approximately 153.5% from approximately RMB15.9 million for FY2024 to
approximately RMB40.3 million for FY2025. Such increase was primarily due to the increases in government grants, the income
from electricity generation and interest on bank deposits.


Other Gains and Losses
Other gains of the Group decreased from approximately RMB0.4 million for FY2024 to other losses of approximately RMB13.3
million for FY2025. Such decrease was primarily due to (i) the increase in exchange gains and losses of financial expenses
and the appreciation of Renminbi, which resulted in large exchange gains and losses of Hong Kong dollars; and (ii) the loss in
investment in an associate.


Impairment Losses under Expected Credit Loss Model, Net of Reversal
Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal of the Group increased by approximately 232.3% from
approximately RMB22.0 million for FY2024 to approximately RMB73.1 million for FY2025. Such increase was primarily due to
the impairment losses under expected credit loss for trade receivables from new customers in 2025 and additional provisions
made for long-aged receivables due from existing customers.


Selling Expenses
Selling expenses of the Group increased by approximately 0.9% from approximately RMB46.9 million for FY2024 to
approximately RMB47.3 million for FY2025. The selling expenses remained at same level for FY2024 and FY2025 with slight
increase for FY2025 due to an increase in staff salaries for sales and marketing staff and market development service fees.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025     9
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Research and Development Expenses
     Research and development expenses of the Group decreased by approximately 18.0% from approximately RMB43.8 million
     for FY2024 to approximately RMB35.9 million for FY2025. Such decrease was primarily due to the decrease in staff salaries for
     research and development staff and share-based payment.


     Administrative Expenses
     Administrative expenses of the Group decreased by approximately 9.2% from approximately RMB140.6 million for FY2024 to
     approximately RMB127.6 million for FY2025. Such decrease was primarily due to the decrease in share-based payment.


     Share of Results of Associates
     Share of results of associates of the Group decreased by approximately 129.6% from approximately negative RMB2.7 million
     for FY2024 to approximately negative RMB6.2 million for FY2025 due to the increase in investment losses of associated
     companies.


     Finance Costs
     Finance costs of the Group increased by approximately 6.7% from approximately RMB32.8 million for FY2024 to
     approximately RMB35.0 million for FY2025. Such increase was primarily due to the increase in interest on bank loans.


     Income Tax (Expense) Credit
     Income tax (expense) credit of the Group decreased by approximately 298.0% from approximately RMB44.0 million for
     FY2024 to approximately negative RMB87.1 million for FY2025. Such decrease was primarily due to the deferred income tax
     assets accrued from previous years’ losses which were transferred back based on the principle of prudence.


     Loss for the Year
     As the result of the foregoing, the loss for the year of the Group increased by approximately 83.0% from approximately
     RMB208.6 million for FY2024 to approximately RMB381.7 million for FY2025.


     Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources
     The Group’s primary sources of liquidity consist of cash generated from operating activities, bank borrowings and proceeds
     from the listing of H Shares on the Stock Exchange on November 15, 2024. The Group may require additional cash for future
     growth and/or incur additional capital expenditures for the development of its business, including any expansion plan of its
     production facilities to meet increasing customer demand and to manufacture more advanced hydrogen energy equipment.
     If the Group’s cash is insufficient to satisfy its working capital requirements, the Group may seek to issue additional equity or
     debt securities or obtain new or expanded credit facilities.


     As of December 31, 2025, the Group had restricted bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB477.2
     million, representing an increase of approximately 40.2% as compared to approximately RMB340.3 million as of December
     31, 2024. As of December 31, 2025, the Group had net current assets of approximately RMB318.3 million as compared
     to approximately RMB134.8 million as of December 31, 2024. The current ratio of the Group was approximately 1.2 as of
     December 31, 2025 as compared to approximately 1.1 as of December 31, 2024.




10   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Borrowings and Charges on Group Assets
As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s borrowings primarily consisted of bank loans and the transfer proceeds received
from sale leaseback transactions amounted to approximately RMB985.8 million and RMB28.3 million, respectively. As of
December 31, 2025, the Group has secured borrowings of approximately RMB520.7 million; the range of effective interest
rates per annum of the borrowings for fixed-rate borrowings and variable-rate borrowings are 3.0%-7.8% and 3.1%-5.1%,
respectively.


As of December 31, 2025, the Group pledged (i) the buildings and construction in progress with carrying amounts of
approximately RMB556.5 million and equipment with carrying amounts of approximately RMB52.0 million; and (ii) the
leasehold lands with carrying amounts of approximately RMB96.2 million, to secure general banking facilities.


Gearing Ratio
The gearing ratio (calculated as total liabilities divided by total assets) as of December 31, 2025 was approximately 59.2%
(December 31, 2024: approximately 61.3%). Such decrease was primarily due to the increase in owner’s rights and interests
led by allotment and issue of new H Shares by the Company.


Capital Commitments
The Group’s capital expenditure during FY2025 was mainly related to purchase of property, plant and equipment. As
of December 31, 2025, the Group had capital commitments of approximately RMB117.1 million (December 31, 2024:
approximately RMB52.6 million).


Capital Expenditures
The Group’s capital expenditures during FY2025 mainly consisted of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use
assets. For FY2025, the Group’s capital expenditures amounted to approximately RMB165.4 million (FY2024: approximately
RMB229.0 million).


Contingent Liabilities
The Group had no material contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.


Foreign Exchange and Exchange Rate Risk
The Group primarily operates in the PRC and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from fluctuations in exchange rates
between Renminbi and other currencies as certain financial liabilities are denominated in foreign currency. The Group currently
does not have a foreign exchange hedging policy. However, the management monitors foreign exchange exposure and will
consider hedging significant foreign exchange exposure should the need arise.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025     11
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
     CAPITAL ASSETS
     The Group did not hold any significant investment and events which could have material impact on its operating and financial
     performance for FY2025. The Company did not have specific plans for significant investments or acquisitions of capital assets
     as of December 31, 2025.


     MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL
     During FY2025, the Group did not have any material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates, or assets.


     EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY
     As of December 31, 2025, the Group had a total of 587 employees (December 31, 2024: 543). The total staff cost for
     FY2025 was approximately RMB120.7 million, as compared to approximately RMB163.3 million for FY2024. The remuneration
     packages of the Group’s employees are determined with reference to individual qualification, experience, performance,
     contribution to the Group and prevailing market rate, which include salaries, bonuses, benefits and share-based payments.
     The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including Directors and senior
     management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the Company’s affairs. The Company has
     adopted the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans to motivate and reward its Directors and eligible employees. Details of the plans are
     set out in the section headed “Report of the Board of Directors – Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans” below in this annual report.


     The Group has an effective training system, including orientation and continuous on-the-job training, to accelerate the
     learning progress and improve the knowledge and skill levels of our workforce. The orientation process covers subjects such
     as corporate culture and policies, work ethics and occupational safety. The periodic on-the-job training covers environmental,
     health and safety management systems and mandatory training required by applicable laws and regulations.


     DIVIDEND
     No dividends were declared for FY2025, nor have any dividend been proposed subsequent to December 31, 2025.




12   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                              Biographies of Directors and Senior
                                                    Management
Set forth below are the profiles of the Directors and senior management of the Company as of the date of this annual report.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Mr. Wu Pinfang (鄔品芳), aged 70, was appointed as the chairman of the Board and a Director in March 2020 and was re-
designated as an executive Director on March 8, 2024. Mr. Wu currently serves as the executive director and general manager
of Shanghai Qingping, Shanghai Guofu and Shanghai Qingmai, the chairman of Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute and Inner
Mongolia Guofu and a director of Guofuhee Holdings PTE. Ltd. Mr. Wu is responsible for presiding over our overall strategic
planning and operation arrangement.


Mr. Wu has more than 45 years of experience in the chemical machinery industry and corporate management. From 1980 to
2004, Mr. Wu has served as plant manager, chairman and/or general manager of several chemical machinery factories and
companies, responsible for the overall management, daily operation and strategic planning. Mr. Wu served as the chairman
of the board of directors of Zhangjiagang City Furui Boiler Container Manufacturing Co., Ltd.* (張家港市富瑞鍋爐容器製造
有限公司, now known as Furui Special Equipment* 張家港富瑞特種裝備股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange (stock code: 300228), from January 2005 to June 2019, mainly responsible for the overall management
and strategic planning. Furui Special Equipment is mainly engaged in natural gas liquefaction, LNG storage, transportation,
terminal application, operation and maintenance services and heavy equipment manufacturing. From June 2016 to December
2018, Mr. Wu served as a Director, the chairman of the Board and the general manager of the Company. In 2020, Mr. Wu
returned to the Company to hold directorship to support the Company’s growth, leveraging his extensive experience, industry
knowledge and influence. Mr. Wu did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


Mr. Wu completed the specialized course in enterprise management at the Suzhou Enterprise Management Association
Training Center (蘇州市企業管理協會培訓中心) in Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC in January 1984. Mr. Wu obtained
the professional qualification of senior economist from Jiangsu Human Resources and Social Security Bureau (江蘇省人力資源
和社會保障局) in October 2012. Since April 2017, Mr. Wu has been serving as the vice president of Shanghai Partnership of
FCV* (上海燃料電池汽車商業化促進中心).


Mr. Wu is the spouse of Mr. Wang’s mother-in-law’s younger sister.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025     13
     Biographies of Directors and Senior Management




     Mr. Wang Kai (王凱), aged 51, was appointed as a Director in October 2017 and the general manager of the Company in
     December 2018 and was re-designated as an executive Director on March 8, 2024. Mr. Wang is responsible for presiding over
     our daily operation and management.


     Mr. Wang has more than 24 years of experience in chemical machinery industry and corporate management. Mr. Wang
     has served as port supervisor of Port Supervision and Administration of Zhangjiagang City* (張家港市港航監督管理處, a
     subordinate public institution of Zhangjiagang Transport Bureau* 張家港市交通運輸局) from August 1998 to May 2001,
     mainly responsible for port scheduling; and a deputy general manager of Zhangjiagang Shenghui Chemical Machinery Co.,
     Ltd.* (張家港市聖匯化工機械有限公司, which underwent name changes to Zhangjiagang Shenghui Gas Chemical Equipment
     Co., Ltd.* 張家港聖匯氣體化工裝備有限公司 and China Ship Shenghui Equipment Co., Ltd.* 中船聖匯裝備有限公司, and
     now known as Suzhou Shenghui Equipment Co., Ltd.* 蘇州聖匯裝備有限公司) from May 2001 to February 2017, mainly
     responsible for production, sales and day-to-day management of the business unit. Mr. Wang joined our Group as standing
     vice general manager in February 2017. From December 2018 to March 2020, Mr. Wang served as the chairman of the Board.
     From December 2022 to March 2024, Mr. Wang was appointed by Energy Research Association of Jiangsu Province* (江蘇省
     能源研究會) to serve as a director. Mr. Wang did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


     Mr. Wang graduated from Nanjing Institute of Transportation Higher Vocational Education (南京交通高等專科學校) in Nanjing
     City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC with a college degree in port and waterway engineering in July 1997. Mr. Wang was awarded
     with the second prize of Science and Technology Progress Award by the China Machinery Industry Federation (中國機械工業
     聯合會) and the Chinese Mechanical Engineering Society (中國機械工程學會) in November 2020. Mr. Wang was appointed as
     the deputy chairperson of the Pressure Vessel Branch of the Jiangsu Mechanical Engineering Society (江蘇省機械工程學會) in
     August 2023.


     Mr. Wang is the son-in-law of Mr. Wu’s spouse’s elder sister.




14   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                  Biographies of Directors and Senior Management




Non-executive Directors
Mr. Gu Yanjun (顧彥君), aged 35, was appointed as a Director in October 2017 and was re-designated as a non-executive
Director on March 8, 2024. Mr. Gu is responsible for participating in the formulation of business and strategic plans of our
Group.


Mr. Gu has more than 10 years of experience in project investments. Mr. Gu has served as the investment manager of Yongjin
Industry (Group) Co., Ltd.* (涌金實業（集團）有限公司) from August 2015 to September 2020, mainly responsible for project
investments; and the investment manager of Shanghai Nano Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (上海納米創業投資有限公司) from
September 2020 to December 2023, mainly responsible for project investments. Mr. Gu has been serving as the deputy general
manager of Shanghai Yonghua Investment Management Co., Ltd. (上海涌鏵投資管理有限公司) since December 2023, mainly
responsible for project investments. Mr. Gu did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


Mr. Gu graduated from Fisher College of Business of the Ohio State University in the United States with a master’s degree in
Specialized Master of Business in May 2014. Mr. Gu graduated from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (上海財經
大學) in Shanghai City, the PRC with a bachelor’s degree in business English and a bachelor’s degree in finance as his second
major in June 2013. Mr. Gu obtained the China fund practitioner qualification certificate* (中國證券投資基金業從業證書) from
the Asset Management Association of China (中國證券投資基金業協會) in May 2017.


Ms. Liu Yilin (劉伊琳), aged 43, was appointed as a Director in January 2024 and was re-designated as a non-executive
Director on March 8, 2024. Ms. Liu is responsible for participating in the formulation of business and strategic plans of our
Group.


Ms. Liu has more than 12 years of experience in corporate management. Since November 2013, Ms. Liu has been serving as the
executive director of Sanya Shangcheng Industrial Development Co., Ltd.* (三亞尚誠實業發展有限公司), mainly responsible for
formulating the operational plans, finalizing proposals, and developing annual financial budget plans and final accounts plans.
Sanya Shangcheng Industrial Development Co., Ltd. is mainly engaged in interior and exterior decoration, large-scale cultural
event exhibition, planning and design consulting. Since September 2020, Ms. Liu has been serving as the executive director
of Shanghai Jinglin Industrial Co., Ltd.* (上海靜琳實業有限公司), mainly responsible for formulating the operational plans,
finalizing proposals, and developing annual financial budget plans and final accounts plans. Shanghai Jinglin Industrial Co.,
Ltd. is mainly engaged in engineering construction activities. From February 2024 to August 2024, Ms. Liu served as the board
secretary of Mengfa Group Holding Group Co., Ltd.* (蒙發能源控股集團有限責任公司), mainly responsible for preparing
board and shareholders’ meetings, ensuring standardized company operations, managing information disclosure, handling
investor relations, overseeing equity affairs, and dealing with equity investments and other related matters. Ms. Liu did not
hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


Ms. Liu graduated from Panamericana University in Costa Rica with a bachelor’s degree in business administration through
long distance learning courses in June 2014.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025     15
     Biographies of Directors and Senior Management




     Ms. Zhao Jing (趙靜), aged 37, served as a supervisor of the Company from February 2023 to December 2025 and was
     appointed as a non-executive Director on December 29, 2025. She currently serves as the supervisor of Beijing Guofu Wanjia
     Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京國富萬家氫能科技有限公司) and Sichuan Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology
     Co., Ltd.* (四川國富氫能科技有限公司), the legal representative and a director of Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute and
     financial manager of Shanghai Qingmai.


     Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Zhao served as the securities affairs representative and assistant to the chairman of the board of
     directors of Zhangjiagang Xinxin High Fiber Co., Ltd.* (張家港欣欣高纖股份有限公司) from February 2012 to March 2018, and
     as the secretary to the chairman of the board of directors of Jiangsu Newamstar Packaging Machinery Co., Ltd. (江蘇新美星包
     裝機械股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300509), from April 2018 to September
     2020.


     Since October 2020, Ms. Zhao has been serving as the securities affairs representative and director’s office manager of the
     Company, mainly responsible for assisting the secretary of the Board on the securities affairs and administrative management.
     Ms. Zhao did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


     Ms. Zhao is a limited partner of Hydrogen Ying New Energy. Ms. Zhao obtained the board secretary qualification certificate
     from the SSE STAR MARKET in January 2022. Ms. Zhao graduated from the College of Humanities and Sciences of Northeast
     Normal University (東北師範大學人文學院) in Changchun City, Jilin Province, the PRC with a bachelor’s degree in economics in
     June 2011.


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Ms. Tong Sze Wan (唐詩韻), aged 53, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in February 2024 and is
     responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to our Board.


     Ms. Tong has more than 27 years of experience in auditing and accounting. Ms. Tong has successively served as assistant
     accounting manager and internal audit manager of Dong-Jun Holdings Limited (東峻集團有限公司, now known as Shandong
     Hi-Speed Holdings Group Limited 山高控股集團有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
     code: 412) from September 1998 to April 2000, mainly responsible for financing securing, financial reporting and accounting
     oversight; the company secretary of Jiangsu Nandasoft Technology Company Limited, a H-share company listed on the Growth
     Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8045) from November 2002 to March 2014, mainly responsible for
     legal and regulatory compliance, board support and risk management; the director of finance and administration department
     of DAO LAB Limited (立道研究所有限公司) from November 2006 to May 2018, mainly responsible for overall financial and
     administrative management; and an independent non-executive director of Yat Sing Holdings Limited (日成控股有限公司,
     now known as China Supply Chain Holdings Limited 中國供應鏈產業集團有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of
     the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3708) from December 2014 to January 2017, mainly responsible for providing independent
     judgement and opinion. Ms. Tong has been serving as a consultant of Gurung & Shum Business Solutions Limited (日盛商務方
     案有限公司) since May 2018, mainly responsible for finance and secretarial services to Hong Kong listed companies. Ms. Tong
     did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


     Ms. Tong graduated from Hong Kong Baptist University in Hong Kong with a bachelor’s degree in accounting and law
     (Honours) in June 1995. She is also an associate of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants since November 1998
     and The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since February 2001.



16   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                  Biographies of Directors and Senior Management




Mr. Zhang Yongjun (張擁軍), aged 58, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in August 2021 and is
responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to our Board.


Mr. Zhang has extensive legal practice experience. Mr. Zhang has served as a partner of Guohao (Suzhou) Law Firm* (國浩律
師（蘇州）事務所) from February 2016 to January 2018, mainly responsible for overseeing client relationships and providing
strategic direction. Mr. Zhang has been serving as a senior partner of Beijing Longan (Suzhou) Law Firm* (北京市隆安（蘇州）
律師事務所) since January 2018, mainly responsible for overseeing client relationships and providing strategic direction. Mr.
Zhang did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


Mr. Zhang graduated from the Soochow University (蘇州大學) in Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC with a bachelor’s
degree in law in June 1997. Mr. Zhang obtained the PRC lawyer qualification certificate from the Ministry of Justice of the PRC
(中華人民共和國司法部) in August 1996.


Dr. Zou Jiasheng (鄒家生), aged 60, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in August 2021 and is
responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to our Board.


Dr. Zou has more than 38 years of experience in material science and manufacturing. Since July 1986, Dr. Zou has been serving
as a teacher in the School of Materials Science and Engineering of Jiangsu University of Science and Technology (江蘇科技大
學), mainly responsible for teaching and research. Since April 2011, Dr. Zou has been serving as the general manager and the
chairman of the board of directors of Jiangsu Yangming Shipbuilding Equipment Manufacturing Technology Co., Ltd.* (江
蘇陽明船舶裝備製造技術有限公司), mainly responsible for strategic decision-making and daily operation. Jiangsu Yangming
Shipbuilding Equipment Manufacturing Technology Co., Ltd. is mainly engaged in the manufacturing of shipbuilding
equipments. Dr. Zou did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


Dr. Zou completed a postdoctoral research in the field of mechanical engineering at Nanjing University of Aeronautics and
Astronautics (南京航空航天大學) in Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC from September 2006 to January 2010, and
obtained a postdoctoral certificate from the National Postdoctoral Management Committee* (全國博士後管理委員會) in
January 2010. Dr. Zou graduated from Nanjing University of Science and Technology (南京理工大學) in Nanjing City, Jiangsu
Province, the PRC with a doctor’s degree in material science in July 2006. Dr. Zou obtained a master’s degree in welding
from Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學) in Shanghai City, the PRC in March 1993 and a bachelor’s degree in metal
materials and heat treatment from Northwestern Polytechnical University (西北工業大學) in the PRC in July 1986. Dr. Zou was
granted as a professor by the Jiangsu Provincial Personnel Department (江蘇省人事廳, now known as Department of Human
Resources and Social Security of Jiangsu Province 江蘇省人力資源和社會保障廳) in July 2005.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025     17
     Biographies of Directors and Senior Management




     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. Cai Xubin (蔡徐斌), aged 44, was appointed as the chief financial officer of the Company in July 2017. Mr. Cai currently
     serves as the general manager of Inner Mongolia Guofu and the supervisor of Xinjiang Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology
     Service Co., Ltd.* (新疆國富氫能科技服務有限公司). Mr. Cai is responsible for the overall finance management of the
     Company.


     Mr. Cai has more than 15 years of experience in financial management. From June 2010 to June 2016, Mr. Cai served as the
     financial manager of Furui Special Equipment and mainly responsible for finance-related work. Since June 2016, Mr. Cai has
     been serving as the chief financial officer of the Company. Mr. Cai did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during
     the last three years.


     Mr. Cai graduated from Huaiyin Normal University (淮陰師範學院) in Huaian City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC with a bachelor’s
     degree in economics in June 2006.


     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
     Ms. Zhao Jing (趙靜), aged 37, was appointed as our Joint Company Secretary with effect from January 9, 2026. For
     biography of Ms. Zhao Jing, please refer to “— Board of Directors — Non-executive Directors” above.


     Ms. Chung Man Nar Mona (鍾曼娜) was appointed as our Joint Company Secretary with effect from January 9, 2026.
     Ms. Chung is the director of company secretarial services department of TMF Hong Kong Limited, responsible for providing
     company secretarial and compliance services to clients. Ms. Chung has over 25 years of experience in company secretarial
     field and possesses extensive knowledge and experience in corporate governance and compliance matters. She is an associate
     member of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute in the United
     Kingdom.




18   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                        Report of the Board of Directors

The Board is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group
for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the “Consolidated Financial Statements”).


CORPORATE INFORMATION
The Company was incorporated in the PRC as a limited liability company on June 13, 2016 and was converted into a joint
stock company with limited liability on August 31, 2020. The H Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
on November 15, 2024.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
The Company is a leading hydrogen energy storage and transport equipment manufacturer in China. The Company develops
and manufactures hydrogen energy core equipment used in the entire industrial value chain of hydrogen energy, which
consists of its production, storage, transportation, refueling and use.


A review of the Group’s business for FY2025 and a discussion on the Group’s future business development are set out in the
sections headed “Chairman’s Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on page 4 and pages 6 to 12 of this
annual report. Discussion and information therein form part of this Report of the Board of Directors. The results of the Group
for FY2025 are set out in the Consolidated Financial Statements.


RESULTS AND FINAL DIVIDEND
The results of the Group for FY2025 are set out in the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 122 to 129 of this annual
report.


The Board has resolved not to recommend the distribution of any final dividend for FY2025.


DIVIDEND POLICY
The Group currently does not have a pre-determined dividend policy. The Board may declare, and the Company may pay,
dividends after taking into account the Group’s results of operations, financial condition, cash flow, operating and capital
expenditure requirements, future business development strategies and estimates and other factors as it may deem relevant.


According to the PRC Company Law, a PRC incorporated company is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits
each year, after making up previous years’ accumulated losses, if any, to contribute to certain statutory reserve funds until the
aggregate amount contributed to such funds reaches 50% of its registered capital. The Company may pay dividends out of
after-tax profits after making up for accumulated losses and contributing to statutory reserve funds as mentioned above. Based
on the above, the Company is not able to pay any dividend as of the date of this annual report.


The Group may distribute stock dividends if the Directors consider that the Company’s stock price and equity scale do not
match and that distribution of stock dividends is beneficial to all Shareholders’ interest. Any declaration and payment as well as
the amount of dividends will be subject to the Company’s constitutional documents and the PRC Company Law. Any proposed
distribution of dividends shall be determined by the Board and must be approved by the Shareholders at a general meeting.
In addition, the Company may declare interim dividends as the Board considers to be justified by the Group’s profits and
overall financial requirements. No dividend shall be declared or payable except out of the Group’s profits and reserves lawfully
available for distribution. The Company’s future declarations of dividends may or may not reflect its historical declarations of
dividends and will be at the discretion of the Board and subject to the approval of Shareholders’ meeting.

                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025      19
     Report of the Board of Directors




     SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
     The details of the subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 44 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     The Company’s financial condition, results of operations and business prospects may be affected by a number of risks and
     uncertainties related directly or indirectly to the Company’s business. Below sets out the main risks and uncertainties of which
     the Company is aware. In addition to those listed below, there may be other risks and uncertainties not known to the Company
     or which may not be material at present but may become material in the future:


     (i)      updates of the PRC government policies and regulatory framework supporting hydrogen energy industry, hydrogen
              energy core equipment industry and new energy industry could have a material impact on our industry and our business
              operation.


     (ii)     we depend on our customers’ demand for our products. A reduction of customer demand could have a material
              adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.


     (iii)    we face intense market competition and the industry may undergo unforeseen changes under rapid development. If we
              fail to compete successfully, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.


     (iv)     we recorded net losses and had net cash used in operating activities during FY2024 and FY2025, all of which may
              continue in the future.


     (v)      we are exposed to the credit risk of our customers and failure to collect our trade and other receivables in a timely
              manner may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.


     (vi)     fluctuations in the market prices for our key raw materials, such as carbon fiber and aluminum tubes, may materially
              and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


     (vii)    we may not be able to increase our production capacity and implement other expansions as planned.


     (viii)   the industry we operate in is characterized by rapid technological changes and advancements, which requires us to
              invest substantial resources in the R&D, sustain technological innovation and keep up with the technological upgrades
              and iterations in a timely manner. Our failure to do so could result in the delay or failure by us in bringing new and
              competitive products to the market and adversely affect our financial performance.


     (ix)     we rely on our major customers and suppliers. The loss of any of these customers or suppliers could adversely affect our
              business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


     (x)      if we are unable to manage our inventory risks efficiently or the proportions and amount of our provision for
              inventories further increase, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We may not
              be successful in expanding our operations in a timely or cost-effective manner.




20   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Report of the Board of Directors




(xi)    our business is subject to the geopolitical risks associated with conducting operations in various foreign jurisdictions.


(xii)   our business is capital-intensive, we may require additional financing to support our developments or adapt to changes
        in business conditions, but we may not be able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all.


We also face financial risks including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. Details of these financial risks are set out in note
42 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


GLOBAL OFFERING
The H Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on November 15, 2024. The H Shares were issued to and
subscribed by Hong Kong and overseas investors at a final offer price of HK$65.00 per H Share (excluding brokerage of 1.0%,
SFC transaction levy of 0.0027% and the Stock Exchange transaction fee of 0.00565%) by way of an initial public offering. For
details of the Global Offering, please refer to the Prospectus and the allotment results announcement of the Company dated
November 14, 2024.


USE OF PROCEEDS
GLOBAL OFFERING
The net proceeds received from the Global Offering, after deducting the underwriting fees and commissions and other
expenses payable by the Company in connection with the Global Offering, amounted to approximately HK$339.7 million,
equivalent to approximately RMB314.5 million. Details of the use of net proceeds from the Global Offering are set out in
the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus and the announcements of the Company dated
May 26, 2025 and June 12, 2025 in relation to the reallocation of use of the net proceeds from the Global Offering (the
“Announcements”). The net proceeds received by the Company from the Global Offering have been and will be utilized in
accordance with the purposes set out in Prospectus and the Announcements.




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025       21
     Report of the Board of Directors




     As of December 31, 2025, the net proceeds from the Global Offering were used as follows:


                                                          Approximate       Net proceeds      Net proceeds     Unutilized net       Expected timeline to
                                                    percentage of the    from the Global      utilized as of   proceeds as of       utilize the unutilized
       Use of Proceeds                              total net proceeds          Offering December 31, 2025 December 31, 2025        net proceeds in full(1)
                                                      Approximate %          RMB million       RMB million       RMB million


     Expand the production capacity                                 56            176.5               146.2                  30.3   By the end of
       for certain products                                                                                                            the year ending
                                                                                                                                       December 31, 2026
       – Establish the production lines for water                   15             47.2                47.2                     –   By the end of
          electrolysis hydrogen production                                                                                             the year ending
          equipment in Zhangjiagang Factory                                                                                            December 31, 2026
          Phase III
       – Establish the production lines of Type-                    10             31.5                31.5                     –   By the end of
          III cylinders in Zhangjiagang Factory                                                                                        the year ending
          Phase III                                                                                                                    December 31, 2026
       – Purchase the relevant production                            8             25.5                13.1                  12.4   By the end of
          equipment for a new production                                                                                               the year ending
          facility of Type-IV cylinders in Qingpu                                                                                      December 31, 2026
          District, Shanghai
       – Promote the construction of integrated                      –              N/A                 N/A                   N/A   N/A
          hydrogen production and refueling
          stations through investment and
          cooperation in certain areas in China
       – Collaborate on investment and                              23             72.3                54.4                  17.9   By the end of
          cooperation of hydrogen projects in                                                                                          the year ending
          China and overseas, including but                                                                                            December 31, 2026
          not limited to hydrogen production
          plants, hydrogen refueling stations,
          and hydrogen liquefaction plants
     Enhance the R&D capabilities                                   34            106.6                46.2                  60.4   By the end of
       and pursue continuous technology                                                                                                the year ending
       upgrades and                                                                                                                    December 31, 2026
       product iterations
     Working capital and general corporate                          10             31.5                31.5                     –   N/A
       purposes to support the Group’s
       business operation and growth


     Total                                                        100            314.5               223.9                  90.7


     Notes:

     (1)      The expected timeline for using the unutilized net proceeds is based on the best estimation of the present and future business market situations
              made by the Board, and it will be subject to changes based on the future development of market conditions.

     (2)      All figures in the above table are approximations and rounded to the nearest 1 decimal place. Totals may not add up due to such rounding.




22   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                              Report of the Board of Directors




The unutilized net proceeds were deposited into licensed commercial banks in Hong Kong.


ISSUANCE OF UNLISTED WARRANTS
On July 29, 2025, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Macquarie Bank Limited (“Macquarie Bank”),
pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to issue and Macquarie Bank has conditionally agreed to subscribe
for 6,000,000 warrants conferring the rights to subscribe for up to 6,000,000 new H Shares with an aggregate nominal value
of RMB6,000,000 to be allotted and issued upon exercise of the subscription rights attaching to the warrants subject to any
adjustment on the entitlement (the “Warrants Issuance”). The warrants issued has a term of 18 months from the issue date.


The Company believed that the issuance of warrants provides the Company with financial flexibility to support its ongoing
investments and expansion efforts both in China and internationally. This initiative will reinforce the Company’s long-term
growth strategy, strengthen its position in the hydrogen energy storage market, and enhance Shareholder value. Importantly,
the Warrants Issuance will not impose additional interest burden or liquidity pressures on the Company.


The net proceeds of the scenario for the Minimum Committed Amount (as defined in the circular of the Company dated
July 29, 2025 (the “Warrant Circular”)) and the Highest Closing Price Scenario (as defined in the Warrant Circular) after
deducting all relevant costs and expenses of the Warrants Issuance will be approximately HK$127.5 million and HK$868.0
million, respectively. The Company intended to use the net proceeds from the Warrants Issuance to finance the investments
and cooperation of hydrogen projects in China and overseas, including but not limited to hydrogen production plants,
hydrogen refuelling stations, and hydrogen liquefaction plants.


As of December 31, 2025, under the Warrants Issuance, (i) a total of 4,333,000 warrants were exercised; and (ii) the
Company had issued a total of 4,377,229 H Shares and received a total net proceeds from issuance of warrants and H Shares
of approximately HK$174.7 million, which had not been utilized. The Company intends to fully utilize the net proceeds in
accordance with the intentions previously disclosed by the Company by December 31, 2027.


As of the date of this annual report, all 6,000,000 warrants had been exercised, and there was no warrant remained
outstanding.


For details of the Warrants Issuance, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated July 29, 2025 and the Warrants
Circular.


PLACING OF NEW H SHARES ON SEPTEMBER 8, 2025
On September 8, 2025, the Company completed a placing of an aggregate of 1,730,000 placing shares by BOCI Asia Limited
(as the sole overall coordinator and the sole placing agent) to not less than six placees at a price of HK$54.03 per placing share
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the placing agreement dated August 29, 2025 (the “First September Placing”). The
aggregate nominal value of the placing shares allotted and issued under the First September Placing was RMB1,730,000.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025      23
     Report of the Board of Directors




     The placees are professional, institutional and/or other investors and, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief
     of the Directors after having made all reasonable enquiries, the placees and their respective ultimate beneficial owners are
     independent persons and non-connected persons of the Company. None of the placees became substantial Shareholders upon
     completion of the First September Placing.


     The Directors considered that the First September Placing would be in the interests of the Company to raise additional equity
     funding to broaden its Shareholder base, strengthen the Group’s capital base and enhance its financial position and net assets
     base for long-term development and growth.


     The Company received net proceeds from the First September Placing, after deducting all fees, costs and expenses incurred by
     the Company in connection therewith, including the commission and levies, of approximately HK$90.98 million. The net price
     after deducting such fees, costs and expenses was approximately HK$52.60 per placing share.


     The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the First September Placing to finance the investments and cooperation
     of hydrogen projects in China and overseas, including but not limited to hydrogen production plants, hydrogen refuelling
     stations, and hydrogen liquefaction plants. As of December 31, 2025, approximately HK$74.82 million of such net proceeds
     have been utilized and the Company intends to utilize the remainder of such net proceeds (i.e. approximately HK$16.16
     million) in accordance with the intended use of proceeds by December 31, 2027.


     For further details of the First September Placing, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated August 29, 2025
     and September 8, 2025.


     PLACING OF NEW H SHARES ON SEPTEMBER 29, 2025
     On September 29, 2025, the Company completed a placing of an aggregate of 1,994,800 placing shares by Great Bay
     Securities Limited (as the sole overall coordinator and the sole placing agent) to not less than six placees at a price of HK$50.13
     per placing share pursuant to the terms and conditions of the placing agreement dated September 17, 2025 (the “Second
     September Placing”). The aggregate nominal value of the placing shares allotted and issued under the Second September
     Placing was RMB1,994,800.


     The placees are professional, institutional and/or other investors and, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief
     of the Directors after having made all reasonable enquiries, the placees and their respective ultimate beneficial owners are
     independent persons and non-connected persons of the Company. None of the placees became substantial Shareholders upon
     completion of the Second September Placing.


     The Directors considered that the Second September Placing would be in the interests of the Company to raise additional
     equity funding to broaden its Shareholder base, strengthen the Group’s capital base and enhance its financial position and net
     assets base for long-term development and growth.


     The Company received net proceeds from the Second September Placing, after deducting all fees, costs and expenses incurred
     by the Company in connection therewith, including the commission and levies, of approximately HK$98.49 million. The net
     price after deducting such fees, costs and expenses was approximately HK$49.37 per placing share.




24   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Report of the Board of Directors




As of the date of this annual report, there was no change in the intended use of the net proceeds from the Second September
Placing and the expected timeline as previously disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated September 17, 2025
and September 29, 2025 (the “Second September Placing Announcements”). The following table sets forth a summary of
the utilization of the net proceeds from the Second September Placing as of December 31, 2025:

                                                                                                    Unutilized
                                                                      Amount          Utilized   amount as of    Expected timeline
                                                  % of the net   available for     amount for    December 31,    for utilizing the
                                                     proceeds      utilization        FY2025             2025    remaining proceeds
 Intended use of proceeds                                        (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)


  For working capital and general corporate              72%            70.91           54.47           16.44    By December 31,
     purposes to support the Group’s business                                                                       2027
     operation and growth, including but not
     limited to (a) payment of salaries, social
     insurance contributions, housing provident
     fund and other employee-related
     expenses, (b) payments to suppliers and
     service providers, and (c) other operating
     expenses

  To repay amounts outstanding under existing            20%            19.70           19.70                –   –
     credit facilities

  To finance investments and cooperation in               8%             7.88               –             7.88   By December 31,
     hydrogen projects in the PRC and overseas                                                                      2027


                                                        100%            98.49           74.17           24.32


The net proceeds received by the Company from the Second September Placing have been and will be utilized in accordance
with the intended purposes set out in the Second September Placing Announcements.

For further details of the Second September Placing, please refer to the Second September Placing Announcements.

PLACING OF NEW H SHARES ON OCTOBER 23, 2025
On October 23, 2025, the Company completed a placing of an aggregate of 2,405,400 placing shares by Macquarie
Capital Limited (as the sole overall coordinator and the sole placing agent) to not less than six placees at a price of
HK$48.47 per placing share pursuant to the terms and conditions of the placing agreement dated October 16, 2025 (the
“October Placing”). The aggregate nominal value of the placing shares allotted and issued under the October Placing was
RMB2,405,400.

The placees are professional, institutional and/or other investors and, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief
of the Directors after having made all reasonable enquiries, the placees and their respective ultimate beneficial owners are
independent persons and non-connected persons of the Company. None of the placees became substantial Shareholders upon
completion of the October Placing.

The Directors considered that the October Placing would be in the interests of the Company to raise additional equity funding
to broaden its Shareholder base, strengthen the Group’s capital base and enhance its financial position and net assets base for
long-term development and growth.

                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025   25
     Report of the Board of Directors




     The Company received net proceeds from the October Placing, after deducting all fees, costs and expenses incurred by the
     Company in connection therewith, including the commission and levies, of approximately HK$113.7 million. The net price
     after deducting such fees, costs and expenses was approximately HK$47.12 per placing share.

     As of the date of this annual report, there was no change in the intended use of the net proceeds from the October Placing
     and the expected timeline as previously disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated October 16, 2025 and October
     23, 2025 (the “October Placing Announcements”). The following table sets forth a summary of the utilization of the net
     proceeds from the October Placing as of December 31, 2025:

                                                                                                          Unutilized
                                                                            Amount          Utilized   amount as of    Expected timeline
                                                       % of the net    available for     amount for    December 31,    for utilizing the
                                                          proceeds       utilization        FY2025             2025    remaining proceeds
      Intended use of proceeds                                        (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)


       To finance investments and cooperation in              50%             56.87               –           56.87    By December 31, 2027
          hydrogen projects in the PRC and overseas

       For working capital and general corporate              40%             45.49               –           45.49    By December 31, 2027
          purposes to support the Group’s business
          operation and growth, including but not
          limited to (a) payment of salaries, social
          insurance contributions, housing provident
          fund and other employee-related
          expenses, (b) payments to suppliers and
          service providers, and (c) other operating
          expenses

       To repay amounts outstanding under existing            10%             11.37           11.37                –   –
          credit facilities


                                                             100%            113.73           11.37          102.36


     The net proceeds received by the Company from the October Placing have been and will be utilized in accordance with the
     intended purposes set out in the October Placing Announcements.

     For further details of the October Placing, please refer to the October Placing Announcements.

     PLACING OF NEW H SHARES ON DECEMBER 2, 2025
     On December 2, 2025, the Company completed a placing of an aggregate of 4,858,350 placing shares by Great Bay Securities
     Limited (as the placing agent) to not less than six placees at a price of HK$ 41.166 per placing share pursuant to the terms and
     conditions of the placing agreement dated November 25, 2025 (the “December Placing”). The aggregate nominal value of
     the placing shares allotted and issued under the December Placing was RMB4,858,350.

     The placees are professional, institutional and/or other investors and, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief
     of the Directors after having made all reasonable enquiries, the placees and their respective ultimate beneficial owners are
     independent persons and non-connected persons of the Company. None of the placees became substantial Shareholders upon
     completion of the December Placing.


26   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Report of the Board of Directors




The Directors considered that the December Placing would be in the interests of the Company to raise additional equity
funding to broaden its Shareholder base, strengthen the Group’s capital base and enhance its financial position and net assets
base for long-term development and growth.

The Company received net proceeds from the December Placing, after deducting all fees, costs and expenses incurred by the
Company in connection therewith, including the commission and levies, of approximately HK$196.98 million. The net price
after deducting such fees, costs and expenses was approximately HK$40.54 per placing share.

As of the date of this annual report, there was no change in the intended use of the net proceeds from the December Placing
and the expected timeline as previously disclosed in the announcements of the Company dated November 25, 2025 and
December 2, 2025 (the “December Placing Announcements”). The following table sets forth a summary of the utilization
of the net proceeds from the December Placing as of December 31, 2025:

                                                                                                    Unutilized
                                                                      Amount          Utilized   amount as of    Expected timeline
                                                 % of the net    available for     amount for    December 31,    for utilizing the
                                                    proceeds       utilization        FY2025             2025    remaining proceeds
 Intended use of proceeds                                       (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)


  To finance investments and cooperation in             60%            118.19               –          118.19    By December 31, 2027
     hydrogen projects in the PRC and overseas

  To supplement working capital and general             40%             78.79               –           78.79    By December 31, 2027
     corporate purposes to support the Group’s
     business operation and growth


                                                       100%            196.98               –          196.98


The net proceeds received by the Company from the December Placing have been and will be utilized in accordance with the
intended purposes set out in the December Placing Announcements.

For further details of the December Placing, please refer to the December Placing Announcements.

Save for the above, during FY2025, the Group made no significant financing.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Group seeks to be a responsible corporate in fulfilling environmental, social and governance responsibilities by advancing
the use of clean energy, promoting “Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality” goal, supporting social causes and exploring
ways to protect the environment. With a focus on environmental consciousness, we strive to conserve our environment by
using resources responsibly, reducing waste, and maintaining a neutral carbon footprint. We develop and produce hydrogen
energy core equipment with a goal to serve global and China’s hydrogen energy industry and contribute to the development
of green hydrogen, which are considered an important way to reduce carbon emissions. During FY2025, the Company had not
been subject to any fines or other penalties due to non-compliance with health, safety or environmental laws or regulations.

For further details of the Company’s environmental performance and policies, please refer to the Environmental, Social and
Governance Report contained on pages 65 to 116 of this annual report. The Environmental, Social and Governance Report
of the Company for 2025 will be published at the same time as the publication of this annual report on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025    27
     Report of the Board of Directors




     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     During the year ended December 31, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors, there was no material breach of or non-
     compliance with applicable laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operations of the Group.


     KEY RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
     The Company recognizes that various stakeholders including customers, suppliers, employees and other business associates
     are key to the Group’s success. The Group strives to achieve corporate sustainability through engaging, collaborating, and
     cultivating strong relationships with them.


     The Group offers competitive remuneration packages and ensures that all employees are reasonably remunerated, while
     continuously improving and regularly reviewing and updating its policies on remuneration and benefits, training, and
     occupational health and safety.


     The Group maintains a good relationship with its customers and visits its customers periodically to seek their feedback on the
     Group’s products, and the Company conducts a customer satisfaction survey every 12 months. The Group has established a
     customer complaint handling mechanism to resolve customer complaints.


     The Group maintains good relationships with its suppliers and conducts fair and rigorous evaluations of its suppliers on an
     annual basis.


     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     The Group’s customers primarily consist of fuel cell system integration providers, vehicle manufacturers, domestic energy
     companies, and city bus operating companies. The aggregate revenue attributable to the Group’s five largest customers for
     the year ended December 31, 2025 amounted to RMB211.0 million (2024: RMB237.2 million), accounting for approximately
     60.9% (2024: 51.7%) of the Group’s total revenue. The revenue from the Group’s largest customer for the year ended
     December 31, 2025 amounted to RMB86.0 million (2024: RMB105.6 million), accounting for approximately 24.8% (2024:
     23.0%) of the Group’s total revenue.


     The Group’s suppliers primarily consist of the providers of carbon fiber, aluminum tubes, tube and valve fittings, bottle sets,
     compressors, among others. The aggregate purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers for the year ended
     December 31, 2025 amounted to RMB99.1 million (2024: RMB129.5 million), accounting for approximately 31.5% (2024:
     44.0%) of the Group’s total purchases. The purchase attributable to the Group’s largest supplier for the year ended December
     31, 2025 amounted to RMB41.3 million (2024: RMB57.1 million), accounting for approximately 13.2% (2024: 19.4%) of the
     Group’s total purchases.


     To the best knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors, Supervisors or their associates or any Shareholders who owned
     more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital had any beneficial interest in any of the Group’s five largest customers
     or suppliers during the year ended December 31, 2025.




28   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                               Report of the Board of Directors




FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the consolidated operating results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is
set out in the section headed “Financial Highlights” in this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited
Consolidated Financial Statements.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for the pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the PRC laws, which would oblige the
Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing Shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the H Shares.
If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in, or exercising of
any rights in relation to the H Shares, they are advised to consult their professional advisers.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the property, plant and equipment of the Group and their movements during the year ended December 31, 2025
are set out in note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


DONATION
The Group made the following donations during the year ended December 31, 2025:


•      RMB50,000 to Zhangjiagang Economic and Technological Development Zone (Yang Shezhen) Charity (張家港經濟技術
       開發區（楊捨鎮）慈善會);


•      RMB200,000 to Hami Yizhou District Red Cross Society (哈密市伊州區紅十字會); and


•      HKD100,000 to Tai Po Hongfuyuan Assistance Fund (大埔宏福苑援助基金).


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
To the best knowledge of the Directors, save for the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans, there was no equity-linked agreement
entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries during FY2025.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Company has taken out Directors’ liability insurance to protect the Directors against any loss they may incur as a result of
their factual or alleged misconduct. As of December 31, 2025, such Directors’ liability insurance has been in force.


RESERVES AND DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 126
of this annual report and note 46 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. As of December 31, 2025, the Company did not
have any distributable reserves (as of December 31, 2024: nil).



                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025      29
     Report of the Board of Directors




     BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
     Particulars of bank loans of the Group as of December 31, 2025 are set out in the section headed “Management Discussion
     and Analysis” in this annual report and note 30 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


     Save as disclosed in this annual report, during the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group had not made any loan
     or provided any guarantee for loan, directly or indirectly, to the Directors, senior management of the Company, or their
     respective connected persons.


     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of movements in share capital of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in note 35 to the
     Consolidated Financial Statements.


     DEBENTURE AND CONVERTIBLE BOND ISSUED
     The Group did not issue any debenture or any convertible bond for the year ended December 31, 2025.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of its Shareholders
     and to enhance its corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate
     governance. The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in Part 2 of the CG Code during the year
     ended December 31, 2025. The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure
     compliance with the CG Code.


     Details of the Group’s corporate governance practices can be found in the corporate governance report contained on pages
     44 to 64 of this annual report.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     During the year ended December 31, 2025, there was no purchase, sale or redemption of any listed securities (including sale
     of treasury shares, if any) of the Company by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Company did not hold any treasury
     shares as of December 31, 2025.




30   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                            Report of the Board of Directors




BOARD OF DIRECTORS
There are currently two executive Directors, three non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors on
the Board.


During the year ended December 31, 2025 and as of the date of this annual report, the Directors were:


Executive Directors
Mr. WU Pinfang (Chairman)
Mr. WANG Kai (General Manager)
Mr. SHI Jian (resigned on July 31, 2025)


Non-executive Directors
Mr. GU Yanjun
Mr. ZHOU Lin (resigned on December 9, 2025)
Ms. LIU Yilin
Ms. ZHAO Jing (appointed on December 29, 2025)


Independent Non-executive Directors
Ms. TONG Sze Wan
Mr. ZHANG Yongjun
Dr. ZOU Jiasheng


CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE FROM THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
DIRECTORS
The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-executive Directors
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and all of them are considered to be independent.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct for the trading of securities by the Directors and Supervisors.
Having made specific reasonable inquiries with all Directors and Supervisors, the Company confirmed that all Directors and
Supervisors have complied with the provisions of the Model Code throughout FY2025 (or, in respect of the Supervisors, for the
period from January 1, 2025 until the abolition of the Supervisory Committee on December 29, 2025).


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF
APPOINTMENT
The Company has entered into a service contract or a letter of appointment with each of the Directors and Supervisors, which
contains provisions in relation to, among other things, compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, observation of
the Articles of Association and provisions on arbitration. The service contract and the letter of appointment may be renewed
in accordance with our Articles of Association and the applicable rules.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025     31
     Report of the Board of Directors




     Each executive Director has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term from September 20, 2024 to the
     date of expiry of the term of office of the second session of the Board unless terminated by not less than three months’ notice
     in writing served by either party on the other. Each non-executive Director and independent non-executive Director (except
     for Ms. Zhao Jing) has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years from September 20,
     2024 and unless terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by Director or written notice served by
     the Company at any time. Ms. Zhao Jing was appointed a non-executive Director on December 29, 2025 and has entered into
     a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years from December 29, 2025 and unless terminated by not
     less than three months’ notice in writing served by her or written notice served by the Company at any time. Each Supervisor
     has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term from the date on which the appointment is approved by the
     Shareholders’ meeting to the date of expiry of the term of office of the second session of the Supervisory Committee. The
     Supervisory Committee was abolished with effect from the conclusion of the fourth extraordinary general meeting of 2025 of
     the Company held on December 29, 2025. Accordingly, Mr. He Guangliang, Ms. Zhao Jing and Mr. Yuan Ruichen ceased to
     hold supervisory positions of the Company from the same date.


     Save as disclosed above, none of our Directors or Supervisors has entered, or has proposed to enter, a service contract with any
     member of the Group (other than contracts expiring or determinable by the employer within one year without the payment of
     compensation (other than statutory compensation)).


     Details of Directors’ and Supervisors’ remuneration for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in note 12 to the
     Consolidated Financial Statements.


     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS
     OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
     No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any
     of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or a Supervisor or his or her connected entity had a material interest,
     whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year ended December 31, 2025 or at any time during the year ended
     December 31, 2025.


     INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
     As at December 31, 2025, none of the Directors or their respective associates had engaged in or had any interest in any
     business which competes or may compete with the businesses of the Group.


     COMPETITION AND CONFLICT OF INTERESTS
     During the year ended December 31, 2025, none of the Directors or Supervisors or any of their respective associates has any
     interests in any business that competes or may compete, directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group or has any other
     conflict of interests with the Group.


     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     Other than the Directors’ and Supervisors’ service contracts and letters of appointment, no contracts concerning the
     management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Group were entered into or existed
     during the year or subsisted at the end of the year ended December 31, 2025.




32   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                             Report of the Board of Directors




CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Pursuant to 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes of Directors’ and Supervisors’ information since the 2025 interim report
of the Company are as follows:


•      Mr. Zhou Lin resigned as a non-executive Director on December 9, 2025;


•      Ms. Zhao Jing was appointed as a non-executive Director on December 29, 2025 and as a Joint Company Secretary on
       January 9, 2026;


•      Mr. Kuang Kaifeng resigned as the Supervisor on November 21, 2025;


•      Mr. He Guangliang, Ms. Zhao Jing and Mr. Yuan Ruichen ceased to act as the Supervisors upon the abolition of the
       Supervisory Committee effective on December 29, 2025; and


•      Ms. Wong Hoi Ting resigned as a company secretary of the Company and an authorised representative of the Company
       under Rule 3.05 of the Listing Rules (the “Authorised Representative”) on January 9, 2026 and Ms. Chung Man Nar
       Mona was appointed as a Joint Company Secretary and the Authorised Representative on January 9, 2026.


Save for the above, the Company is not aware of any other changes in the information of Directors, Supervisors and senior
management which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the publication of the
Company’s last interim report.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025      33
     Report of the Board of Directors




     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
     SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF
     ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As at December 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executives of the Company in the
     Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
     XV of the SFO) which had to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of
     the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO),
     or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which were
     required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange were as follows:


                                                                                                                 Approximate          Approximate
                                                                                                                 Percentage of       Percentage of
                                                                                                              Shareholding in      Shareholding in
                                                                                                Number of         the Relevant     the Total Issued
       Name                      Nature of Interest           Class of Shares                       Shares     Class of Shares        Share Capital


       Mr. Wu(1)                 Interest in controlled       Domestic Unlisted Shares           2,142,440               8.49%               1.78%
                                   corporation                H Shares                          20,970,357             22.11%               17.46%
                                 Beneficial owner             Domestic Unlisted Shares           1,712,993               6.79%               1.43%
                                                              H Shares                           1,712,994               1.81%               1.43%
       Mr. Wang(2)               Interest in controlled       H Shares                          18,827,916             19.85%               15.68%
                                   corporation
                                 Interest held jointly with   Domestic Unlisted Shares           3,855,433             15.29%                3.21%
                                   another person             H Shares                           3,855,435               4.06%               3.21%

     Notes:

     (1)      Mr. Wu is the beneficial owner of 1,712,993 Domestic Unlisted Shares and 1,712,994 H Shares. In addition, pursuant to the SFO, Mr. Wu is
              deemed to be interested in (i) the 18,827,916 H Shares held by New Cloud Technology in the Company due to his role as a general partner
              in New Cloud Technology and the acting in concert agreement between him and Mr. Wang; (ii) the 933,335 H Shares and 933,334 Domestic
              Unlisted Shares held by Hydrogen Ying New Energy and 459,106 H Shares and 459,106 Domestic Unlisted Shares held by Hydrogen Win New
              Energy in the Company due to his role as a general partner in Hydrogen Ying New Energy and Hydrogen Win New Energy, respectively; and
              (iii) the 750,000 H Shares and 750,000 Domestic Unlisted Shares held by Qingjie New Energy in the Company, whose voting rights have been
              entrusted to him pursuant to the relevant voting rights proxy agreement.

     (2)      Mr. Wang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by New Cloud Technology, Qingjie New Energy, Hydrogen Ying New Energy and
              Hydrogen Win New Energy in the Company due to his role as a general partner and/or the acting in concert agreement between him and Mr.
              Wu, as the case may be, under the SFO.




34   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                          Report of the Board of Directors




Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, none of the Directors or chief executives of the Company had or was
deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which had to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or
deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered
in the register referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITION IN SHARES
AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at December 31, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons/entities (other than the Director or
chief executive of the Company) had, or were deemed to have, interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV
of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                               Approximate          Approximate
                                                                                                              Percentage of        Percentage of
                                                                                                            Shareholding in      Shareholding in
                                                                                             Number of          the Relevant     the Total Issued
  Name of Shareholder        Nature of Interest          Class of Shares                         Shares      Class of Shares        Share Capital


  New Cloud Technology       Beneficial owner            H Shares                            18,827,916               19.85%               15.68%
  Chen Jinxia(1)             Interest in controlled      Domestic Unlisted Shares             3,636,721               14.42%                3.03%
                               corporation

Note:

(1)      Under the SFO, Chen Jinxia is deemed to be interested in (i) the 428,783 Domestic Unlisted Shares held by Shanghai Hongcheng Venture Capital
         Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (上海泓成創業投資合夥企業（有限合夥）); (ii) the 2,500,000 Domestic Unlisted Shares held by Zhangjiagang
         Yongyuan Huaneng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (張家港湧源鏵能股權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）); (iii) 285,855
         Domestic Unlisted Shares held by Huzhou Jurenyongxing Equity Investment Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)* (湖州巨人湧興股權投
         資合夥企業（有限合夥）); and (iv) 422,083 Domestic Unlisted Shares held by Shanghai Yongju Private Equity Investment Partnership (Limited
         Partnership)* (上海湧鉅私募投資基金合夥企業（有限合夥）), due to her direct and/or indirect interests in such companies.


Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, the Directors were not aware of any other persons/entities (other than the
Directors and chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which
would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         35
     Report of the Board of Directors




     RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLAN
     The Group participates in defined contribution retirement benefit plan managed by the PRC local government authorities for
     the Group’s eligible employees in the PRC. The eligible employees in the PRC are required to contribute a certain percentage
     of their payroll to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to this
     retirement benefits scheme is to make the required contributions under the scheme. Particulars of these retirement plans are
     set out in note 43 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


     There were no forfeited contributions in respect of the Group’s defined contribution plan as mentioned above.


     REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS WITH
     HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS
     Details of the emoluments of the Directors, Supervisors and five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in note 12 to
     the Consolidated Financial Statements.


     For the year ended December 31, 2025, except for wages and salaries payable for employment within the Group, no
     emoluments were paid by the Group to any Director, any Supervisor or any of the five highest paid individuals as an
     inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the Directors or the Supervisors
     has waived any emoluments for the year ended December 31, 2025.


     Except as disclosed above, no other payments have been made or were payable, for the year ended December 31, 2025, by
     the Group to or on behalf of any of the Directors or the Supervisors.


     PRE-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS
     The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans approved and adopted by the Company
     on January 13, 2019 (the “2019 Plan”), October 10, 2020 (the “2020 Plan”) and November 24, 2023 (the “2023 Plan”)
     for the purpose of attracting and retaining talents for the Group. Under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans, eligible incentive
     recipients as approved by the Company may subscribe for the Shares pursuant to the 2020 Plan and subscribe for the limited
     partnership interests (the “Incentive Awards”) in Qingjie New Energy, Hydrogen Ying New Energy and Hydrogen Win New
     Energy (collectively as the “Employee Shareholding Platforms”) pursuant to the 2019 Plan (as to Qingjie New Energy) and
     the 2023 Plan (as to Hydrogen Ying New Energy and Hydrogen Win New Energy), respectively. As of the date of this annual
     report, the Employee Shareholding Platforms held an aggregate of 4,284,881 Shares, representing approximately 3.38% of
     total issued Shares. The Incentive Awards under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans do not involve the grant of options by the
     Company to subscribe for new Shares and are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.




36   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                           Report of the Board of Directors




1.   The 2019 Plan
     (a)   Purpose
           The purpose of the 2019 Plan is to establish a benefit-sharing and constraint mechanism between Shareholders
           and employees and external consultant, to attract and retain talents for the Group and to enhance the
           competitiveness of the Company and align with its focus on long-term development.


     (b)   Eligible incentive recipients
           Eligible incentive recipients shall be management staff, mid-level key personnel, core technical staff and
           external consultant.


     (c)   Total number of Shares subject to the 2019 Plan
           The incentive recipients shall be interested in a total of 1,500,000 Shares through holding the Incentive Awards
           in Qingjie New Energy, the underlying Shares of which were corresponding to the share capital of the Company
           of RMB1,500,000 and representing approximately 1.18% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at
           the date of this annual report.


           As of the date of this annual report, all Shares subject to the 2019 Plan have been issued to Qingjie New Energy
           and all the Incentive Awards subject to the 2019 Plan have been granted to and subscribed by 38 incentive
           recipients (including one external counsel at the relevant time), and no further Shares or Incentive Awards have
           been granted under such plan after the Listing.


     (d)   Rights and restrictions
           The incentive recipients are subject to certain transfer and disposal restrictions, including (i) no disposal of the
           Incentive Awards or creation of third-party rights over the incentive Awards by way of transfer, pledge, trust or
           any other means, (ii) a 30-day prior notice for transfer of Incentive Awards which shall be transferred to limited
           scope of persons, including the other partners of Qingjie New Energy, or other eligible employees of the Group.


     (e)   Repurchase of the Incentive Awards
           The general partner of Qingjie New Energy or other employees of the Group designated by the general partner,
           has the right (but not obligation) to repurchase part of all Incentive Awards held by incentive recipients, if there
           are any faults of the incentive recipients as set out in the relevant agreement with each incentive recipient.


2.   The 2020 Plan
     (a)   Purpose
           The purpose of the 2020 Plan is to establish a benefit-sharing and constraint mechanism between Shareholders
           and employees, to attract and retain talents for the Group and to enhance the competitiveness of the Company
           and align with our focus on long-term development.


     (b)   Eligible incentive recipients
           Eligible incentive recipients shall be management staff, mid-level key personnel and core technical staff.


                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025      37
     Report of the Board of Directors




            (c)    Administration
                   The general meeting of the Company shall be responsible for considering and approving the adoption,
                   implementation, alteration and termination of the 2020 Plan. The Board shall be responsible for formulating,
                   amending, explaining the terms of the plan under the authorization of the general meeting.


            (d)    Total number of Shares subject to the 2020 Plan
                   The eligible incentive recipients shall be entitled to subscribe a total of 3,425,987 Shares at a price of RMB4.38
                   per Share by way of capital injection. As of the date of this annual report, all Shares subject to the 2020 Plan
                   have been granted to and subscribed by Mr. Wu. For further details, please refer to “History and Corporate
                   Structure — Our Corporate History — (3) Major Shareholding Changes of Our Company — (e) Capital injection
                   by Mr. Wu” of the Prospectus.


            (e)    Rights and restrictions
                   The eligible incentive recipients shall not dispose the granted Shares or create third-party rights over the Shares
                   by way of transfer, pledge, trust or any other means before and within three years after the Listing.


     3.     The 2023 Plan
            (a)    Purpose
                   The purposes of the 2023 Plan include, among other things, enhancing the Group’s governance structure,
                   instituting a long-term incentive and discipline mechanism, involving human capital in allocation, strengthening
                   and refining the compensation incentive system, and establishing a mechanism for sharing benefits and risks
                   among Shareholders, senior management, key personnel, and core staff of the Company.


            (b)    Eligible incentive recipients
                   Eligible incentive recipients shall be the following persons who have an employment relationship with any
                   member of the Group (the “Group Company(ies)”): (i) directors and senior management, (ii) middle-level
                   management, (iii) core technical and sales personnel, or (iv) other personal that had special contribution to the
                   Group.


            (c)    Administration
                   The Board shall be responsible for formulating, explaining and amending the appraisal and management
                   approach of the 2023 Plan, determining whether the Incentive Awards held by the incentive recipients have
                   reached the unlocking conditions. The Remuneration and Review Committee shall be responsible for leading
                   and organizing the appraisal of incentive recipients, guiding the Company’s human resources department for
                   the specific appraisal. The 2023 Plan shall be developed, implemented, executed and administered by Mr. Wu
                   and Mr. Wang at their sole discretion.




38   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                  Report of the Board of Directors




(d)   Total number of Shares subject to the 2023 Plan
      The incentive recipients shall be interested in a total of 2,784,881 Shares through holding the Incentive
      Awards in Hydrogen Ying New Energy and Hydrogen Win New Energy, the underlying Shares of which were
      corresponding to the share capital of our Company of RMB2.78 million and representing approximately 2.20%
      of the total issued share capital of our Company immediately prior to the Global Offering. As of the date of
      this annual report, all Shares subject to the 2023 Plan have been issued to Hydrogen Ying New Energy and
      Hydrogen Win New Energy and all the Incentive Awards subject to the 2023 Plan have been granted to and
      subscribed by 80 incentive recipients, and no further Shares or Incentive Awards have been granted under such
      plan following the Listing.


(e)   Assessment requirements and unlocking arrangement
      The Incentive Awards granted to incentive recipients will be unlocked in three assessment periods:


                                                                                                   Percentage of
                                                                                                           Incentive
                                                                                                            Awards
       No.   Assessment Period              Date of Unlocking                                              Unlocked


       1.    From the date of grant to      Performance goals achievement at our Company                       50%
               December 31, 2024              level and individual performance assessment
                                              results for the first assessment period approved
                                              by the Board


       2.    From January 1, 2025 to        Performance goals achievement at our Company                       30%
               December 31, 2025              level and individual performance assessment
                                              results for the second assessment period
                                              approved by the Board


       3.    From January 1, 2026 to        Performance goals achievement at our Company                       20%
               December 31, 2026              level and individual performance assessment
                                              results for the third assessment period approved
                                              by the Board




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025    39
     Report of the Board of Directors




            (f)    Rights and restrictions attached to the restricted Shares
                   The incentive recipients are subject to certain transfer and disposal restrictions, including (i) no disposal of
                   the unlocked Incentive Awards or creation of third-party rights over the Incentive Awards by way of transfer,
                   pledge, trust or any other means, (ii) a 30-day prior notice for transfer of unlocked Incentive Awards which shall
                   be transferred to limited scope of persons, including Mr. Wu, Mr. Wang or other partners within designated
                   entities, or other eligible employees of the Group Companies.


                   The Shares held by the Employee Shareholding Platforms are subject to certain and disposal restrictions,
                   including (i) no disposal of the Shares or creation of third-party rights over the Shares by way of transfer,
                   pledge, trust or any other means before and within 12 months after the Listing, (ii) the corresponding Shares
                   of the unlocked Incentive Awards shall be reduced with a 14-business day application to the Employee
                   Shareholding Platforms, and (iii) the number of Incentive Awards that the incentive recipients reduce each time
                   may not exceed 50% of the total number he or she then holds.


            (g)    Repurchase of the Incentive Awards
                   Mr. Wu, Mr. Wang or other employees of Group Companies designated by Mr. Wu and/or Mr. Wang, has the
                   right to repurchase all Incentive Awards held by incentive recipients, if (i) the Incentive Awards failed to be
                   unlocked during the assessment periods; (ii) due to faults of the incentive recipients, such as violation of the
                   applicable regulations and laws, violation of contracts, negligence, or other actions causing negative impact on
                   the Company; (iii) the employment relationship between the incentive recipients and the Company terminates
                   due to non-fault actions of the incentive recipients, such as death, loss of civil or labour capability, non-fault
                   dismissal, etc.




40   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                 Report of the Board of Directors




4.   Details of the Incentive Awards granted
     During FY2025, no Incentive Awards have been granted to any incentive recipients under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive
     Plans. Below is the list of the incentive recipients under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans that are granted with Incentive
     Awards as of the date of this annual report:


                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                                     Shareholding
                                                                                             Approximate               Percentage
                                                                                                   Number           Corresponding
                                                                                                 of Shares         to the Incentive
                                                                                            Corresponding         Awards Held by
                                                                                           to the Incentive      the Participant in
                                                            Relevant Employee              Awards Held by        the Total Number
      Name                   Position                       Shareholding Platforms         the Recipients(1)     of Shares in Issue


      Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
      Mr. Wu                 Chairman of the Board and      Hydrogen Win New Energy                240,000                  0.19%
                               executive Director           Hydrogen Ying New Energy               235,000                  0.19%


      He Guangliang          Chairman of the Supervisory    Hydrogen Ying New Energy               249,999                  0.20%
        (何光亮)    (2)
                               Committee                    Qingjie New Energy                     234,825                  0.19%


      Zhao Jing (趙靜)(2)      Non-executive Director and     Hydrogen Ying New Energy               100,000                  0.08%
                               Supervisor


      Cai Xubin (蔡徐斌)        Chief financial officer        Hydrogen Ying New Energy                25,000                  0.02%


      Shi Jian (施劍)(3)       Secretary of the Board and     Hydrogen Ying New Energy                10,000                  0.01%
                               executive Director           Qingjie New Energy                      25,000                  0.02%


      Kuang Kaifeng (況開鋒)(2) Supervisor                     Hydrogen Ying New Energy                10,000                  0.01%
                                                            Qingjie New Energy                      18,650                  0.01%


      Subtotal                                                                                   1,148,474                  0.91%


      Other Recipients
      86 Recipients          Employees                      Qingjie New Energy, Hydrogen         3,086,408                  2.44%
                                                              Ying New Energy and
                                                              Hydrogen Win New Energy


      One Recipient          External consultant            Qingjie New Energy                      50,000                  0.04%




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025     41
     Report of the Board of Directors




            Notes:

            (1)      For illustrating the indirect interests of incentive recipients in the Company, the number of Shares are presented and calculated by
                     multiplying their respective percentage of limited partnership interests in each by the total number of Shares held by the Employee
                     Shareholding Platforms.

            (2)      Mr. Kuang Kaifeng resigned as the Supervisor on November 21, 2025. Mr. He Guangliang and Ms. Zhao Jing ceased to act as the
                     Supervisors upon the abolition of the Supervisory Committee effective on December 29, 2025.

            (3)      Mr. Shi Jian resigned from his positions as the secretary of the Board and the executive Director on July 31, 2025.


     ARRANGEMENT TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     At no time during the year ended December 31, 2025 was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements
     to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any
     other body corporate, and none of the Directors, Supervisors or any of their spouse or children under the age of 18 has been
     granted any right to subscribe for shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any
     such right.


     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     The Company has not entered into any connected transaction or continuing connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the
     Listing Rules during the year ended December 31, 2025.


     Details of material related party transactions entered into by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2025 are set
     out in note 37 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The related party transactions set out in the above note do not fall
     within the definition of connected transaction or continuing connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company had no controlling Shareholder.


     MATERIAL LITIGATION
     The Group was not involved in any material legal proceeding during the year ended December 31, 2025.


     PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has
     maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules during the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the date
     of this annual report.


     CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21
     and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




42   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                           Report of the Board of Directors




AUDITOR
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been audited by Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants,
who will be nominated for re-appointment as the auditor of the Company at the upcoming AGM. The Company engaged
Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in May 2025 and authorized the Board to fix its remuneration, and there has been no
change in auditor since its appointment.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save as disclosed in note 47 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we are not aware of any material subsequent events
from the end of FY2025 to the date of this annual report.


AGM AND CLOSURE OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The AGM will be held on Wednesday, May 20, 2026. A notice convening the AGM will be published and despatched to the
Shareholders in due course in the manner prescribed by the Listing Rules. To determine the eligibility of the Shareholders to
attend and vote at the AGM, the register of members of H Shares will be closed from Friday, May 15, 2026 to Wednesday,
May 20, 2026, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of H Shares will be effected. The record date for
determining the eligibility to attend and vote at the AGM will be Wednesday, May 20, 2026. In order to be eligible to attend
and vote at the AGM, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged
with the Company’s Hong Kong H share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716,
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on
Thursday, May 14, 2026.


On behalf of the Board
Mr. Wu Pinfang
Chairman and Executive Director


Jiangsu, the PRC
March 30, 2026




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025     43
     Corporate Governance Report

     The Board is pleased to report to the Shareholders the corporate governance of the Company for the year ended December
     31, 2025.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE AND VALUE
     The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with high ethical standards. This reflects its
     belief that, in the achievement of its long-term objectives, it is imperative to act with probity, transparency and accountability.
     By so acting, the Company believes that Shareholders’ wealth will be maximised in the long term and that its employees, those
     with whom it does business and the communities in which it operates will all benefit. Corporate governance is the process by
     which the Board instructs management of the Group to conduct its affairs with a view to ensuring that its objectives are met.
     The Board is committed to maintaining and developing robust corporate governance practices that are intended to ensure:


     –      satisfactory and sustainable returns to the Shareholders;


     –      that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;


     –      that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately;


     –      the delivery of high-quality products and services to the satisfaction of customers; and


     –      that high standards of ethics are maintained.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The Company is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards. The Company believes that high corporate
     governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Company to safeguard the interests of the Shareholders,
     enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and improve its transparency and accountability.


     The Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance. The Company has complied with all
     applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code during the year ended December 31, 2025.


     The Company is committed to enhancing its corporate governance practices used to regulate conduct and promote growth of
     its business and to reviewing such practices from time to time to ensure that it complies with the CG Code and aligns with the
     latest developments of the Company.


     MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct for the trading of securities by the Directors and Supervisors.
     Having made specific reasonable inquiries with all Directors and Supervisors, the Company confirmed that all Directors and
     Supervisors have complied with the provisions of the Model Code throughout FY2025 (or, in respect of the Supervisors, for the
     period from January 1, 2025 until the abolition of the Supervisory Committee on December 29, 2025).




44   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is headed by an effective Board which assumes responsibility for its leadership and control and be collectively
responsible for promoting the Company’s success by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. Directors take decisions
objectively in the best interests of the Company.


The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s
business and regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company
and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them that are commensurate with their role and the Board
responsibilities. The Board includes a balanced composition of executive Directors and non-executive Directors (including
independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively
exercise independent judgement.


Board Composition
The Board currently comprises the following Directors:


Executive Directors
Mr. WU Pinfang (Chairman)
Mr. WANG Kai (General Manager)


Non-executive Directors
Mr. GU Yanjun
Ms. LIU Yilin
Ms. ZHAO Jing


Independent Non-executive Directors
Ms. TONG Sze Wan
Mr. ZHANG Yongjun
Dr. ZOU Jiasheng


Each of our Directors (except for Ms. Zhao Jing) has confirmed that he/she obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D
of the Listing Rules as regards the requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to him/her as a director of a listed
issuer and the possible consequences of making a false declaration or giving false information to the Stock Exchange on March
12, 2024, and he/she has confirmed he/she understood his/her obligations as a director of a listed issuer. Ms. Zhao Jing has
confirmed that she obtained the aforementioned legal advice on December 26, 2025.


The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management”
in this annual report. Save as disclosed above, there were no relationships (including financial, business, family or other
material or relevant relationships) among members of the Board.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025      45
     Corporate Governance Report




     Board Meetings and Directors’ Attendance Records
     Regular Board meetings should be held at least fourth a year involving active participation, either in person or through
     electronic means of communication, of a majority of Directors. Notices of not less than fourteen days are given for all regular
     Board meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for regular Board
     meetings.


     For other Board meetings, written notice shall be given 48 hours before the meetings. With the consent of all Directors, the
     notice period may be waived. For other committee meetings, a notice shall be given three days prior to the meeting. Minutes
     of meetings are kept by the company secretary of the Company with copies circulated to all Directors for information and
     records.


     During FY2025, the Board held 18 meetings and the attendance of the individual Directors at Board meetings and the general
     meetings of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2025 is set out below:


                                                                                 Number of attendance/meetings held
                                                                               during the term of office of the Director
      Name of Directors                                                            Board Meetings             General Meetings


      Executive Directors
      Mr. WU Pinfang (Chairman)                                                               18/18                            5/5
      Mr. WANG Kai (General Manager)                                                          18/18                            5/5
      Mr. SHI Jian (resigned on July 31, 2025)                                                   9/9                           3/3


      Non-executive Directors
      Mr. GU Yanjun                                                                           18/18                            5/5
      Mr. ZHOU Lin (resigned on December 9, 2025)                                             17/17                            3/4
      Ms. LIU Yilin                                                                           18/18                            5/5
      Ms. ZHAO Jing (appointed on December 29, 2025)                                            N/A                           N/A


      Independent Non-executive Directors
      Ms. TONG Sze Wan                                                                        18/18                            5/5
      Mr. ZHANG Yongjun                                                                       18/18                            5/5
      Dr. ZOU Jiasheng                                                                        18/18                            5/5


     During FY2025, the chairman of the Board also held a meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the
     presence of other Directors.




46   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company and is collectively responsible for directing
and supervising the Company’s affairs.


The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying down
strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance, and ensures that
sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.


All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of
valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. The
independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the Company and
providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgement on corporate actions and operations.


All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent
professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.


The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.


The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal control and
risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information,
appointment of Directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities relating to implementing
decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the Company are delegated to the
management.


Chairman of the Board and General Manager
Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should
not be performed by the same individual to reinforce their respective independence and accountability. During FY2025, Mr.
Wu Pinfang, our executive Director, has been the chairman of the Board and responsible for presiding over our overall strategic
planning and production and operation management of the Board, while Mr. Wang Kai, our executive Director, has been the
general manager of the Company and responsible for managing the daily business operations of the Group. Therefore, the
division of responsibilities between the chairman of the Board and the general manager has been clearly established.


Independent Non-executive Directors
During the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this annual report, the Board at all times met the
requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors
representing no less than one-third of the Board with one of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or
accounting or related financial management expertise.


The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of
his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company
is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025     47
     Corporate Governance Report




     Board Independence Evaluation
     The Company recognizes that the independence of the Board is key to sound corporate governance. The Company has
     established effective mechanisms to support the independence of the Board and its independent advice. The Board would
     review the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanisms on an annual basis.


     The nomination, election and appointment of Directors to the Board are carried out in strict compliance with relevant
     regulations and policies and the Company’s rules and regulations, following the principles of impartiality, fairness and
     openness to ensure the diversity of the Board members without conflict of interest.


     Currently, the independent non-executive Directors account for one-third of the total number of Board members, and the
     Audit Committee consists of two independent non-executive Directors and one non-executive Director.


     The independent non-executive Directors have extensive industry experience and professional knowledge and have the ability
     to devote sufficient time to fulfill the duties of the Board to provide strong support and supervision for the development of
     the Company, and are able to maintain objectivity and independence in decision making to safeguard the interests of the
     Company and its Shareholders. The Company will assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors on an
     annual basis.


     The Company has established effective channels for communication of views, and the Directors can express their views
     openly, as well as confidentially if necessary. All Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) may obtain external
     independent professional advice as deemed necessary at the Company’s expense. All Directors will recuse themselves from
     voting on resolutions in which they have a direct or indirect interest.


     Pursuant to the Board independence evaluation mechanism, the Board will conduct an annual review of its independence.
     During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the mechanism and
     found the results satisfactory.


     Appointment and Re-election of Directors
     Paragraph B.2 of the CG Code provides that all Directors should be re-elected at certain intervals; code provision B.2.2 of the
     CG Code provides that every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation
     at least once every three years. The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out
     in the Articles of Association.


     According to Article 104 of the Articles of Association, Directors are subject to election or replacement at a general meeting,
     and may be removed from his/her position by the general meeting before expiry of their terms of office (without prejudice to
     any claim for damages by such director under any contract). Directors serve for a term of three years are eligible for re-election
     at the expiry of their term of office.


     The term of office of a Director shall start from the date on which the said Director assumes office to the expiry of the current
     term of the Board. If the term of office of a Director expires but re-election is not made responsively, the said Director shall
     continue fulfilling the duties as Director pursuant to laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules, the listing rules of
     the place where the Shares are listed and the Articles of Association until a new Director is elected.




48   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




Continuous Professional Development of Directors
Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform their responsibilities and
to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.


Every newly appointed Director has received a formal and comprehensive induction on the first occasion of his/her
appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full awareness of
Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.


Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and
skills. During the year ended December 31, 2025, all Directors have participated in continuous professional development
by attending training course or external seminars to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills in relation to their
contribution to the Board. Furthermore, reading materials covering Directors’ duties and responsibilities have been provided to
the Directors for their reference.


The training records of the Directors during FY2025 are summarized as follows:


                                                                                     Attending                      Reading
 Name of Directors                                                            training session         regulatory materials


 Executive Directors
 Mr. WU Pinfang                                                                               ✓                            ✓
 Mr. WANG Kai                                                                                 ✓                            ✓
 Mr. SHI Jian                                                                                 ✓                            ✓


 Non-executive Directors
 Mr. GU Yanjun                                                                                ✓                            ✓
 Mr. ZHOU Lin                                                                                 ✓                            ✓
 Ms. LIU Yilin                                                                                ✓                            ✓
 Ms. ZHAO Jing                                                                                ✓                            ✓


 Independent Non-executive Directors
 Ms. TONG Sze Wan                                                                             ✓                            ✓
 Mr. ZHANG Yongjun                                                                            ✓                            ✓
 Dr. ZOU Jiasheng                                                                             ✓                            ✓




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025     49
     Corporate Governance Report




     BOARD COMMITTEES
     The Board has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Review Committee, the
     Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board
     committees of the Company are established with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority
     and duties. The terms of reference of the Board committees are posted on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s
     website and are available to Shareholders upon request.


     Audit Committee
     The Audit Committee consists of three members, namely Ms. Tong Sze Wan, Mr. Gu Yanjun and Dr. Zou Jiasheng. Ms. Tong
     Sze Wan is the chairlady of the Audit Committee.


     The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and code provision
     D.3.3 of the CG Code. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are mainly to make recommendation to our Board on the
     appointment and removal of external auditor, to assist our Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in relation to our
     Group’s financial reporting, internal control structure, risk management processes and external audit functions, and corporate
     governance responsibilities.


     The Audit Committee held three meetings during the year ended December 31, 2025 to review the audited consolidated
     financial statements and annual results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024, the interim results of the Group
     for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and the Company’s appointment of external auditor for the year ended December 31,
     2025. The individual record of each member of the Audit Committee at the meetings of the Audit Committee is set out below:


                                                                                                                     Attendance/
                                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                                                       Committee
      Name of Director                                                                                                 Meeting(s)


      Ms. Tong Sze Wan                                                                                                          3/3
      Mr. Gu Yanjun                                                                                                             3/3
      Dr. Zou Jiasheng                                                                                                          3/3


     Remuneration and Review Committee
     The Remuneration and Review Committee consists of three members, namely Dr. Zou Jiasheng, Mr. Wu Pinfang and Ms. Tong
     Sze Wan. Dr. Zou Jiasheng is the chairman of the Remuneration and Review Committee.


     The terms of reference of the Remuneration and Review Committee are in compliance with Rule 3.26 of the Listing Rules
     and code provision E.1.2 of the CG Code. The primary duties of the Remuneration and Review Committee are to evaluate
     and make recommendation to our Board on the overall remuneration policy and structure relating to all Directors and senior
     management of our Group, review performance-based remuneration and ensure none of our Directors determine their own
     remuneration.




50   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




The Remuneration and Review Committee held three meetings during the year ended December 31, 2025 to review the
remuneration policy and annual performance-based remuneration for Directors, Supervisors and senior management of
the Company. The individual record of each member of the Remuneration and Review Committee at the meetings of the
Remuneration and Review Committee is set out below:


                                                                                                              Attendance/
                                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                                               Committee
 Name of Director                                                                                              Meeting(s)


 Dr. Zou Jiasheng                                                                                                       3/3
 Mr. Wu Pinfang                                                                                                         3/3
 Ms. Tong Sze Wan                                                                                                       3/3


The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including Directors and senior
management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the Company’s affairs. The remuneration
packages of Directors and Supervisors are also determined with reference to the Company’s performance and profitability,
the prevailing market conditions and the performance or contribution of each Director and Supervisor. The remuneration for
Directors and Supervisors comprises basic salary, allowances, discretionary bonuses, retirement scheme contributions and
share-based payments.


Details of the emoluments of the Directors, Supervisors and five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in note 12
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The remuneration payable to members of senior management (other than Directors)
by band for the year ended December 31, 2025 is set out below:


 Remuneration level (RMB)                                                                             Number of persons


 3,000,001 to 3,500,000                                                                                                   1
 6,000,001 to 6,500,000                                                                                                   1


Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee currently consists of three members, namely Mr. Zhang Yongjun, Mr. Wu Pinfang and Ms. Tong
Sze Wan. Mr. Zhang Yongjun is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.


The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee in compliance with code provision B.3.1 of the CG Code, and the
Company is in full compliance with the board diversity requirements under Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025     51
     Corporate Governance Report




     The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the Board composition, developing and formulating
     relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors, making recommendations to the Board on the
     appointment and succession planning of Directors, reviewing the board diversity policy of the Company (the “Board Diversity
     Policy”) and assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors.


     In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various aspects as well as factors
     concerning Board diversity as set out in the Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee would discuss and agree on
     measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend them to the Board for adoption.


     In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee would consider the candidate’s
     relevant criteria that are necessary to complement the corporate strategy and achieve Board diversity, where appropriate,
     before making recommendation to the Board.


     During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Nomination Committee has assessed the independence of the independent
     non-executive Directors, considered the re-election of Directors and reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board,
     and has conducted an annual review of the Board Diversity Policy and concluded the current Board composition is sufficiently
     diverse.


     The Nomination Committee held three meetings during the year ended December 31, 2025 to review the composition of the
     Board and senior management. The individual record of each member of the Nomination Committee at the meetings of the
     Nomination Committee is set out below:


                                                                                                                    Attendance/
                                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                                      Committee
      Name of Director                                                                                                Meeting(s)


      Mr. Zhang Yongjun                                                                                                        3/3
      Mr. Shi Jian (ceased on July 31, 2025)                                                                                   2/2
      Mr. Wu Pinfang (appointed on July 31, 2025)                                                                              1/1
      Dr. Zou Jiasheng (ceased on March 27, 2025)                                                                              1/1
      Ms. Tong Sze Wan (appointed on March 27, 2025)                                                                           2/2


     Strategy Committee
     The Strategy Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Wu Pinfang, Ms. Tong Sze Wan and Mr. Zhang Yongjun. Mr.
     Wu Pinfang is the chairman of the Strategy Committee.


     The primary functions of the Strategy Committee are to devise and advise on the long-term strategy and material investment
     decisions of the Company.




52   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




The Strategy Committee held two meetings during the year ended December 31, 2025 to review the annual work report of the
Strategy Committee for the year ended December 31, 2025. The individual record of each member of the Strategy Committee
at the meeting of the Strategy Committee is set out below:


                                                                                                                Attendance/
                                                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                                                  Committee
 Name of Director                                                                                                 Meeting(s)


 Mr. Wu Pinfang                                                                                                            2/2
 Ms. Tong Sze Wan                                                                                                          2/2
 Mr. Zhang Yongjun                                                                                                         2/2


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION
The Board is responsible for determining the corporate governance policy of the Company performing the functions set out in
code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code. Such duties have been delegated to the Audit Committee.


The Board reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous professional
development of the Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements, the Company’s compliance with the CG Code, the Company’s code of conduct applicable to its
employees, Directors and Supervisors, and disclosure in its Corporate Governance Report during FY2025.


The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills. The Joint Company Secretaries may from time to time and as the circumstances required, provide updated written
training materials relating to the roles, functions and duties of a director of a company listed on the Stock Exchange.


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Company has adopted the Board Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain an appropriate
balance of diversity perspectives of the Board that are relevant to its business growth. The Company recognises and embraces
the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees enhanced diversity at the Board level as an essential element in maintaining the
Company’s competitive advantages.


Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee reviews regularly the structure, size and composition of
the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate
strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse profile. In relation to reviewing and assessing the Board
composition, the Nomination Committee is committed to diversity at all levels and will consider a number of aspects, including
but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills, length of service,
knowledge and regional and industry experience.


The Company strives to maintain an appropriate balance of diverse perspectives that are relevant to the Company’s business
growth and is also committed to ensuring that recruitment and selection practices at all levels (from the Board downwards) are
appropriately structured, so that a diverse range of candidates are considered.



                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025      53
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board Diversity Policy, setting and reviewing measurable objectives
     to implement the policy and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives.


     The current Board composition is analysed as follows based on the measurable objectives:


     Gender
     •      Male: 5 Directors
     •      Female: 3 Directors


     Age group
     •      31–40: 2 Directors
     •      41–50: 1 Director
     •      51–60: 4 Directors
     •      61-70: 1 Director


     Position
     •      Executive Directors: 2 Directors
     •      Non-executive Directors: 3 Directors
     •      Independent non-executive Directors: 3 Directors


     Educational background
     •      Business administration: 3 Directors
     •      Accounting and finance: 2 Directors
     •      Other: 3 Directors


     Nationality
     •      PRC: 7 Directors
     •      HK: 1 Director


     Business experience
     •      Accounting and finance: 1 Director
     •      Experience relevant to the Company’s business: 3 Directors


     The Nomination Committee and the Board consider that the current Board composition has reached the objectives set out in
     the Board Diversity Policy.


     The Nomination Committee will review at least on a yearly basis the Board Diversity Policy and measurable objectives to ensure
     the sustained function and effectiveness of the Board. The Nomination Committee has reviewed the implementation and
     effectiveness of the Board Diversity Policy for FY2025 and has confirmed that the Board possesses an appropriate mix of skills
     and experience to execute the Company’s strategy.




54   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




DIRECTOR NOMINATION POLICY
The Board has delegated its responsibilities and authority for selection and appointment of the Directors to the Nomination
Committee.


The Company has adopted a director nomination policy which sets out the selection criteria and nomination process and the
Board succession planning considerations in relation to nomination and appointment of Directors and aims to ensure that the
Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company and the continuity of the
Board and appropriate leadership at Board level.


The director nomination policy sets out the factors for assessing the suitability and the potential contribution to the Board of
a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:


a.     Character and integrity;


b.     Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience;


c.     Diversity in all aspects as set out in the Board Diversity Policy;


d.     Requirements of independent non-executive Directors on the Board and independence of the proposed independent
       non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules; and


e.     Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/or
       Board committee(s) of the Company.


The director nomination policy also sets out the procedures for the selection and appointment of new Directors and re-election
of the Directors at general meetings.


The nomination process set out in the director nomination policy is as follows:


(i)    to assess such candidate’s qualifications, skills, knowledge, ability and experience and also potential time commitment
       and attention to perform the Director’s duties;


(ii)   to assess such candidate’s personal ethics, integrity and reputation (including without limitation to conduct appropriate
       background checks and other verification processes against such candidate);




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025      55
     Corporate Governance Report




     (iii)   with reference to the Board Diversity Policy (as adopted and amended by the Board from time to time), to take into
             account the then current structure, size and composition of the Board and the Company’s corporate strategy, with
             due regard for the benefits of the appropriate diversity of the Board and also such candidate’s potential contributions
             thereto;


     (iv)    in case of a candidate for an independent non-executive Director, to assess: (i) the independence of such candidate
             with reference to, among other things, the independence criteria as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules; and (ii)
             the guidance and requirements relating to independent non-executive Directors set out in the CG Code and Corporate
             Governance Guide for Boards and Directors; and


     (v)     to consider any other factors and matters as the Nomination Committee may consider appropriate.


     The Nomination Committee will review the director nomination policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness. As of the
     date of this annual report, the Nomination Committee has reviewed the director nomination policy and consider it effective.


     GENDER DIVERSITY
     With respect to gender diversity, Ms. Tong Sze Wan, an independent non-executive Director and the chairlady of the Audit
     Committee, Ms. Liu Yilin, a non-executive Director, and Ms. Zhao Jing, a non-executive Director, having extensive experience
     in their respective field, contribute to gender diversity of the Board.


     The Company values gender diversity at all levels of the Group. Currently, the Board consists of three female Directors and five
     male Directors, and the Group’s general manager is male. Among the 587 employees of our Group as of December 31, 2025,
     482 are males (82.1%) and 105 are females (17.9%).


     The Board believes that the Company has achieved gender diversity among its employees and considers such gender diversity
     is satisfactory at the current stage. In order to continue to achieve gender diversity among our employees, we are committed
     to creating favourable conditions in our working environment to continuously attract employees of different genders to the
     Group, thereby maintaining our position as a gender-balanced company. The Company will continue to take steps to promote
     gender diversity at the Board level, as well as all other levels of the Company from the Board downwards to enhance the
     effectiveness of our corporate governance as a whole. In this process, we may face challenges in matching the availability of
     gender-specific personnel in the human resources market with the education, experience and skills required for positions of
     the Group. Despite these challenges, we are committed to maintaining a gender-balanced workforce.




56   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Company has established risk management and internal control systems consisting of organizational frameworks, policies,
procedures and risk management methods.


The Group engaged an internal control consultant during its listing process to perform certain agreed-upon procedures in
connection with the internal control of the Company and our major subsidiaries and to report factual findings on our Group’s
entity-level controls and internal controls of various processes, including environment of control, risk assessment, information
and communication, internal control, financial reporting and disclosure controls, sales, accounts receivable and collection,
procurement, accounts payable and payment, inventory, logistics and cost management, management of fixed assets
and intangible assets, human resources and payroll management, cash and treasury management, taxation management,
project management, general controls of IT system (including protection of data and privacy), R&D management, insurance
management, production management, health, safety and environment protection and contract management. The internal
control consultant performed procedures in December 2023 and follow-up procedures in February 2024 on the Company’s
system of internal control. Upon its review, the internal control consultant did not identify any further deficiencies in the
design aspect of the Company’s internal control system. The Company has maintained such internal control system after its
Listing.


The Company has been committed to promoting a compliance culture and will adopt policies and procedures on various
compliance matters, including the Stock Exchange’s requirements on corporate governance and environmental, social and
governance matters.


The Company has adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of our operations, such as protection
of intellectual property, environmental protection and occupational health and safety. We provide periodic training on
these measures and procedures to our employees as part of our employee training program. We also regularly monitor the
implementation of those measures and procedures through our internal control personnel for each stage of the production
process. Our Directors (who are responsible for overseeing our corporate governance), with assistance from our legal advisors,
will periodically review our compliance status with all relevant laws and regulations.


For any material internal control deficiencies, management will identify internal control deficiencies, review control activities
and procedures and, if necessary, revise the necessary internal policies and procedures. This will be reported to the Board of
Directors and the Audit Committee at least annually.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025      57
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Company has adopted or will continue to adopt, among others, the following risk management and internal control
     measures with the following main features:


     •      The Company has established the Audit Committee which shall (i) make recommendations to our Directors on the
            appointment and removal of external auditors; (ii) review our financial statements and oversee our financial reporting
            and internal audit; and (iii) oversee our risk management and internal control procedures.


     •      The Company has adopted various policies to ensure that the Company complies with the Listing Rules, including but
            not limited to disclosure of information, connected transactions and securities trading.


     •      The Company has developed and adopted various internal control procedures and guidelines with defined authority
            for implementation by key business processes and office functions, including but not limited to R&D, procurement
            management, financial reporting, human resources and information technology.


     •      The Company has arranged Directors and senior management to attend training sessions on Listing Rules requirements
            and the responsibilities as directors of a Hong Kong-listed company.


     •      The Company has whistleblowing policy in place for employees of the Company and those who deal with the Company
            to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the Audit Committee about possible improprieties in any matters
            related to the Company.


     •      The Company has developed its disclosure policy which provides a general guide to the Directors, senior management,
            and relevant employees in handling confidential information, monitoring information disclosure and responding
            to enquiries. Control procedures have been implemented to ensure that unauthorized access and use of inside
            information are strictly prohibited.


     •      The Company has engaged legal advisors to periodically review the Company’s compliance status with all relevant laws
            and regulations.


     •      The Company had appointed an internal control consultant to review the effectiveness of internal control measures
            relating to major business processes, identify deficiencies for improvement, advise on the rectification measures and
            review the implementation of such measures. The Company has adopted the recommendations made by the internal
            control consultant and has taken corresponding measures to improve such internal control deficiencies.


     The Board of Directors, with the support of the Audit Committee as well as the management, conducted an annual review
     of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems during FY2025 and considered the systems to be
     effective and adequate.




58   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




SANCTION RISKS
During the year ended December 31, 2025 and as of the date of this annual report, the Company did not engage in any
new activities (i) in any country or territory subject either to a general and comprehensive embargo or a more limited set of
export, import, financial or investment restrictions under sanctions related laws or regulation of any jurisdictions relevant to
the Company and has sanctions related law or regulation restricting, among other things, its nationals and/or entities which
are incorporated or located in that jurisdiction from directly or indirectly making assets or services available to or otherwise
dealing in assess or certain countries, governments, person or entities targeted by such law or regulation (“Countries subject
to International Sanctions”) or (ii) with person(s) and identity(ies) (“Sanctioned Persons”) listed on the U.S. Department of
Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control’s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List or other restricted parties
lists maintained by the U.S., the European Union (“EU”), the United Nations (“UN”), the United Kingdom (“UK”) or Australia.
The Company has no plan for any new activities in Countries subject to International Sanctions or with Sanctioned Persons.


In particular, the Company has established risk management and internal control systems to monitor the Company’s exposure
to sanctions law risks and its implementation of the related internal control procedures, with particular emphasis on the
Company’s risk management policies and standards and supervise and monitor the Company’s exposure to sanctions law risks.
The management of the Company has constantly monitored the implementation of those measures and procedures through
the Company’s internal control personnel for each stage of the production process. The Board also periodically reviews the
Company’s internal control policies and procedures with respect to sanctions law matters.


The Company’s management reviews all relevant potential business transactions between the Group and its customers/
suppliers or potential customers/suppliers from Countries subject to International Sanctions and with Sanctioned Persons
and identify if any trade restrictions are imposed by any countries against any customers/suppliers or potential customers/
suppliers. Additionally, the management or its designated staff check counterparties against restricted parties and countries
lists maintained by the U.S., the EU, the UN, the UK and Australia.


The Company also monitors new applicable international sanctions laws and regulations and trade restrictions or any change
to existing international sanctions law and regulations and trade restrictions and seek advice from international sanctions
consultant or international sanctions legal advisers on the Group’s compliance with applicable sanctions laws and regulations
where necessary.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025      59
     Corporate Governance Report




     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements with the support from the accounting
     and finance team.


     The Directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with the IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the
     International Accounting Standards Board. Appropriate accounting policies have also been used and applied consistently
     except the adoption of revised standards, amendments to standards and interpretation.


     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon
     the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company’s financial statements have been prepared on a going
     concern basis, and the Directors believe that the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial condition, results
     and cash flows of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025, and that the disclosure and reporting of other financial
     information have complied with relevant laws.


     The Group manages its capital structure to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
     maximizing the return to the Shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance.


     There are no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that cast significant doubt upon the Company’s liability to
     continue as a going concern.


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITY AND REMUNERATION
     The Company appointed Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the external auditor for the year ended December 31, 2025. A
     statement by Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu about their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is included
     in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” of this annual report.


     The remuneration paid and payable to the external auditor of the Company in respect of audit services and non-audit services
     for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set forth below.


                                                                                                                       Remuneration
      Type of services                                                                                                  paid/payable
                                                                                                                             RMB’000


      Audit Services
      – annual audit services                                                                                                    3,560
      Non-audit services (Note)                                                                                                    380


      Total                                                                                                                      3,940


     Note:    Non-audit services include internal control consulting services and ESG reporting advisory.




60   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. Shi Jian and Ms. Wong Hoi Ting have been appointed as the Joint Company Secretaries with effect from February 28,
2024. On July 31, 2025, Mr. Shi Jian has resigned as the executive Director and the Joint Company Secretary. Since the
resignation of Mr. Shi Jian as the other Joint Company Secretary, Ms. Wong Hoi Ting has been acting as the sole company
secretary of the Company from July 31, 2025 until her resignation on January 9, 2026. On January 9, 2026, Ms. Zhao Jing,
the non-executive Director, and Ms. Chung Man Nar Mona of TMF Hong Kong Limited, an external service provider, has been
appointed as the Joint Company Secretaries. Ms. Wong Hoi Ting’s primary contact at the Company was Mr. Shi Jian during her
tenure of service. Ms. Chung Man Nar Mona’s primary contact at the Company is Ms. Zhao Jing.


For the year ended December 31, 2025, each of Ms. Wong Hoi Ting and Ms. Chung Man Nar Mona has received no less than
15 hours of relevant professional training annually pursuant to the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules. All Directors
may have access to the advice and services of the Joint Company Secretaries on corporate governance and routine Board
matters.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting
In accordance with Article 60 of the Articles of Association, Shareholder(s) who individually or collectively hold 10% or more of
the Shares shall have the right to request the Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting and shall submit the request
in writing to the Board. The Board shall provide feedback in writing on its consent or refusal to convene an extraordinary
general meeting within 10 days upon receiving the request pursuant to laws, administrative regulations, the listing rules of the
place where shares of the Company are listed and the Articles of Association.


If the Board agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting, it shall serve a notice of such meeting within 5 days
after the Board resolved to do so. In the event of any change to the original proposal set forth in the notice, the consent of
Shareholder(s) who put forward the proposal shall be obtained. If the Board does not agree to hold the extraordinary general
meeting, or fails to give a reply within 10 days after receipt of the request, Shareholder(s) who individually or collectively hold
10% or more of the Shares shall be entitled to request the Audit Committee to convene an extraordinary general meeting in
writing. If the Audit Committee agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting, it shall serve a notice of such meeting
within 5 days after receipt of the said request. In the event of any change to the original proposal set forth in the notice, the
consent of Shareholder(s) who put forward the proposal shall be obtained. If the Audit Committee fails to issue a notice of
the general meeting within a specified period, it shall be deemed that the Audit Committee shall not convene and preside
over the general meeting, the Shareholder(s) individually or collectively holding 10% or more of the Shares for more than 90
consecutive days may convene and preside over the meeting by himself/herself/themselves.


Putting Forward Proposal at General Meetings
Pursuant to Article 65 of the Articles of Association, Shareholders separately or aggregately holding more than 1% of the
Shares, may submit ad hoc proposals to the convener in writing 10 days before the convening of such general meeting. The
convener shall issue a supplementary notice of the general meeting to announce the content of such ad hoc proposals within
2 days after receiving the proposals, and submit the ad hoc proposal to the general meeting for consideration, except where
the ad hoc proposal is in violation of provisions under laws, administrative regulations, the listing rules of the places on which
the Shares are listed or the Articles of Association, or does not fall into the terms of reference of the general meeting.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025      61
     Corporate Governance Report




     Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board
     Shareholders may send written enquires to the Company for any enquiries put forward by the Board. The Company will
     normally not deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.


     Contact Details
     Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:


     Address:      No. 236, Guotai North Road, Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC (For the attention of Ms. Zhao Jing)


     Email:        bod@guofuhee.com


     For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice or
     statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact details and identification
     in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.


     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONSHIP
     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and
     investor’s understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavors to maintain an on-
     going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other general meetings. At the
     annual general meeting, the Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) are available to meet Shareholders and answer their
     enquiries. The external auditor of the Company will also attend the annual general meetings to answer questions about the
     conduct of the audit, the preparation and contents of the auditor’s report, the accounting policies and auditor independence.


     To safeguard the interests and rights of the Shareholders, a separate resolution should be proposed for each substantial issue
     at general meetings, including the election of individual Director. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be
     voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and of the Stock
     Exchange after each general meeting.


     The Company has established a range of channels for maintaining its ongoing dialogue with the Shareholders, the details of
     which are set out below:


     (a)      Shareholders’ Enquiries
              •    Shareholders may at any time make a request for the Company’s information to the extent such information is
                   publicly available.


              •    Shareholders may have access to the contact persons, email addresses and enquiry lines designated by the
                   Company in order to enable them to make any query in respect of the Company.




62   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




(b)   Corporate Communications
      •    “Corporate communications” refers to any documents issued or to be issued by the Company for information
           or action of Shareholders, which includes but are not limited to copies of the report of Directors and annual
           accounts and the auditor’s report, interim reports, meeting notices, circulars and proxy forms. Corporate
           communications will be provided to Shareholders in plain language and in both English and Chinese versions
           to facilitate Shareholders’ understanding. Shareholders are entitled to choose the language (either English or
           Chinese).


      •    Shareholders are encouraged to provide, among others, their email addresses to the Company to facilitate
           timely and effective communication.


(c)   Company Website
      •    The Company has set a special column headed “Investor Relations” on our website (www.guofuhee.com).
           Information on the Company’s website will be updated regularly.


      •    Information posted on the Stock Exchange by the Company will also be immediately published on the website
           of the Company. Such information includes, among others, financial statements, results announcements,
           circulars, notices of general meetings and relevant statements.


      •    All presentation materials provided together with the annual general meeting and results announcement of the
           Company for each year will be available on the website of the Company.


      •    All press releases and Shareholders’ communications will be available on the website of the Company.


(d)   Shareholders’ Meetings
      •    Shareholders are encouraged to attend general meetings, or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at the
           meetings on their behalf.


      •    Appropriate arrangements will be made to the annual general meetings to encourage Shareholders’
           participation in such meetings.


      •    Procedures of the general meetings of the Company will be monitored and reviewed on a regular basis, and
           amended if necessary to ensure Shareholders’ needs are satisfied to the maximum extent.


      •    Board members, in particular chairperson of each committee under the Board/chairman or its proxy, appropriate
           senior management and external auditor will attend annual general meetings to answer Shareholders’
           questions.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025     63
     Corporate Governance Report




            •       Shareholders are encouraged to participate in Shareholder activities organised by the Company to convey
                    information concerning the Company, including latest strategic planning, products and services.


     The Company keeps on promoting good investor relations and enhancing communication with the Shareholders and potential
     investors in order for them to better understand the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Board has reviewed the
     Shareholders’ communication policy of the Company as described above for FY2025 and is satisfied that there are effective
     channels by which the Shareholders can communicate and raise concern with the Company.


     AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
     The Articles of Association were adopted with effect from the Listing Date, and special resolutions were passed by the
     Shareholders approving certain amendments to the Articles of Association at the annual general meeting held by May
     20, 2025 and the extraordinary general meetings held on February 28, 2025 and December 29, 2025, respectively. The
     amended Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company (www.guofuhee.com) and the Stock Exchange
     (www.hkexnews.hk).


     DIVIDEND POLICY
     The Group currently does not have a pre-determined dividend policy. The Board may declare, and the Company may pay,
     dividends after taking into account our results of operations, financial condition, cash flow, operating and capital expenditure
     requirements, future business development strategies and estimates and other factors as it may deem relevant.


     For further details of the relevant PRC laws and regulations, please refer to the section headed “Report of the Board of
     Directors – Dividend Policy” on page 19.


     ANTI-BRIBERY AND ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY
     The Company has formulated internal policies and implemented measures with regards to the prevention and control,
     monitoring and response procedure as well as the establishment of risk prevention mechanism to ensure the compliance with
     the applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering related laws and regulations.


     At its Board meeting held on March 30, 2026, the Board has reviewed the Company’s risk management and internal control
     measures which covered the anti-corruption and whistleblowing policies and considered that the current risk management and
     internal control measures being adequate and effective.




64   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


ABOUT THIS REPORT
This report is the 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance report (the “Report”) prepared by Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen
Energy Equipment Co., Ltd. (“Guofu Hydrogen”, “we”, “us”, “our” or the “Company”), so as to provide a systemic review on
the practices and developments of the Company in the areas of environment, social and governance (“ESG”).


BASIS OF PREPARATION
This report is prepared based on the requirements as set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the
“Guide”) in Appendix C2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


REPORTING PRINCIPLES
In preparing this report, the principles of “Materiality”, “Quantitative”, “Balance”, and “Consistency” are applied to define
the content of the Report and how the information is presented:


1.     Materiality
       The communication with stakeholders and materiality assessment are engaged in the preparing process of this report
       to determine key ESG topics, and matters that may have a material effect on the Group’s business and stakeholders are
       highlighted in this report.


2.     Quantitative
       This report presents the key performance indicators of the environmental and social aspects with quantitative data. The
       measurement criteria, methods, assumptions and/or calculation tools, and the sources of conversion factors used for
       the key performance indicators in this report are described where applicable.


3.     Balance
       The purpose of this report is to present both positive and negative ESG information and performance transparently and
       objectively.


4.     Consistency
       This report is the first ESG report issued by the Company. Unless otherwise specified, the future ESG reports will adopt
       key indicators and statistical methods consistent with this report.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025     65
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     SCOPE OF THE REPORT
     The policies and data disclosed in this report cover the Company and its principal subsidiaries, which include Zhangjiagang
     Hydrogen Cloud New Energy Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (張家港氫雲新能源研究院有限公司) (“Hydrogen Cloud Research
     Institute”) and Shanghai Qingmai Engineering Technology Co., Ltd.* (上海氫邁工程技術有限公司) (“Shanghai Qingmai”). The
     Report covers the period from January 1, 2025 to December 31, 2025 (the “Reporting Period”). Some of the contents may
     precede or post-date this period due to the continuity or the significant impact of the project.


     DATA DESCRIPTION
     The data disclosed in this report are derived from the official documents and statistical data of the Company. Unless otherwise
     stated, all measurements are in metric system and all amounts are denominated in RMB.


     REPORT ACQUISITION
     This Report is published in electronic version only. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding the content of this
     report, please contact us by phone or mails.


     Address: No. 236, Guotai North Road, Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC
     Telephone: 0512-58982691-82691
     Email: gfyx@guofuhee.com




66   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




ABOUT US
Company Description
Guofu Hydrogen is a leading provider of integrated solutions of hydrogen energy equipment in China, which always focuses
on the R&D and manufacturing of core equipment for the entire industry chain of “production, storage, transportation,
refueling and use” of hydrogen energy. Located in the heart of the Yangtze River Delta, the Company benefits from a strategic
location, a mature industrial ecosystem, convenient logistics and transport links, and proximity to international ports, whilst
possessing a comprehensive supply chain system and large-scale manufacturing capabilities. We adhere to a long-term vision,
making sustained and substantial investments in R&D, innovation, smart manufacturing and industrial implementation. We
continuously enhance the level of autonomy and control over our core technologies, driving the localisation, scaling and
commercialisation of hydrogen energy equipment, thereby providing critical support for the high-quality development of the
hydrogen energy industry in China and globally.


We will continue to increase our investment in R&D, innovation and industrial applications in the hydrogen sector, promote
the localisation of the hydrogen industry, and provide integrated solutions for the R&D, production, sales and servicing of
core hydrogen equipment. Our product portfolio primarily comprises various core equipment for the entire hydrogen energy
value chain. Currently, we have achieved the localisation, large-scale production and commercialisation of vehicle-mounted
high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and hydrogen refuelling station equipment. We have also made numerous key
breakthroughs in the production, storage and transport of liquid hydrogen, maintaining a leading position in the domestic civil
liquid hydrogen sector. At the same time, we are continuing to deepen our expertise in water electrolysis hydrogen production,
establishing a first-mover advantage for the hydrogen industry’s comprehensive transition towards green hydrogen.


The Company’s core competitive strengths lie in its full-industry-chain presence, in-house R&D of core technologies, a
comprehensive product portfolio and global operations. Its business spans key sectors including green hydrogen production,
hydrogen liquefaction, liquid hydrogen storage and transport, hydrogen refuelling station integration, vehicle-mounted
hydrogen supply systems and the promotion of end-user hydrogen applications, enabling it to provide integrated solutions
ranging from equipment R&D and manufacturing through to system integration, project delivery and operation and
maintenance services. Its products and services are widely applied across diverse scenarios, including hydrogen-powered
transport, industrial green hydrogen, hydrogen energy storage, distributed energy supply, and large-scale liquid hydrogen
hubs.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025     67
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     Guofu Hydrogen is a leading provider for integrated solutions of hydrogen energy core equipment, which includes the
     following products:


     ➢      Water Electrolysis Hydrogen Production Equipment
            Hydrogen production via water electrolysis using renewable energy is set to become one of the mainstream methods
            for hydrogen production in the future. As the core process equipment for the conversion of green electricity into
            green hydrogen, our water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment primarily comprises electrical equipment,
            electrolyzer, gas-liquid separation systems, hydrogen purification systems and other auxiliary equipment. We primarily
            provide customers green hydrogen solution with water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment, including ALK
            electrolyzer, PEM electrolyzer, system integration and distributed hydrogen production. In June 2024, two production
            lines at Phase III of the Company’s equipment industrial base officially commenced operations. These production lines
            represent the most comprehensive automated and highly digitised smart workshops for hydrogen production currently
            available in China. By the end of 2025, the Company’s annual production capacity for water electrolysis hydrogen
            production equipment will increase to 500 units, supporting the rapid implementation of large-scale green hydrogen
            projects.


            In 2025, the Company continued to expand the application scenarios for green hydrogen, successfully entering
            sectors such as green hydrogen-based chemicals, hydrogen energy storage, backup power for data centres, and
            green shipping. It also achieved bulk exports of hydrogen production equipment to overseas markets including India,
            Malaysia, Morocco and Chile, providing stable and reliable equipment support for global renewable energy-based
            hydrogen production.




68   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report




➢   Complete Hydrogen Refuelling Station Equipment and Related Products
    Our hydrogen refuelling stations comprise a range of equipment components, including skid-mounted compressors,
    unloading columns, hydrogen dispensers, sequence control panels and station control systems. In terms of station
    configuration, we can provide customers with comprehensive solutions for both fixed and integrated hydrogen
    refuelling stations.


    The Company provides end-to-end, one-stop solutions for the construction of hydrogen transport infrastructure, with
    services covering hydrogen refuelling station application scenario analysis, preliminary planning, technical solutions,
    equipment selection, EPC project general contracting, maintenance and operation services, and intelligent operation
    and maintenance. Leveraging its mature capabilities in core equipment and system integration for 35MPa/70MPa
    hydrogen refuelling stations, the Company’s products have achieved large-scale commercial deployment. During the
    2022 Beijing Winter Olympics, the Company supplied two 70MPa hydrogen refuelling stations to the competition
    venues, marking the first large-scale demonstration of 70MPa hydrogen refuelling stations in China and providing
    critical support for the event’s hydrogen energy supply. By 2025, the Company’s hydrogen refuelling station equipment
    and services have covered key domestic hydrogen energy urban clusters, including the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, the
    Yangtze River Delta, the Greater Bay Area, the Chengdu-Chongqing Economic Circle, Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang,
    whilst also successfully implementing overseas hydrogen refuelling station projects in Singapore and elsewhere. This
    will establish an integrated demonstration system encompassing ‘green electricity – hydrogen production – refuelling
    – vehicle use’, thereby continuously driving the commercialisation and widespread adoption of hydrogen-powered
    transport.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025     69
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     ➢      Liquid Hydrogen Plant Solutions and Storage and Transport Vessels
            Hydrogen liquefaction technology involves the process of converting hydrogen from a gaseous state into a liquid
            state. We are the first company in China to apply the hydrogen expansion Claude process for civilian use; this method
            utilises a compressor to compress hydrogen into a high-pressure gas under adiabatic conditions, which is then liquefied
            through a process of cooling and expansion. Leveraging our R&D team’s deep expertise in core liquid hydrogen
            technologies, we have successfully delivered China’s first large-scale commercial hydrogen liquefaction plant, installed
            at the Qilu Liquid Hydrogen Project in Zibo, Shandong, achieving a production capacity of 10 tonnes of liquid hydrogen
            per day and filling a gap in the domestic market for large-scale commercial liquid hydrogen equipment.


            In 2025, the Company successfully developed, manufactured and delivered China’s first 200-cubic-metre large-
            scale commercial liquid hydrogen storage tank, and completed the development of a prototype commercial liquid
            hydrogen tanker. Through cutting-edge liquid hydrogen technology, project commissioning, the enhancement of our
            qualifications and advanced equipment, we have established a verifiable closed-loop industrial ecosystem for liquid
            hydrogen:


            Production capability (engineering-scale liquid production) — Storage capacity (tanks/containers) — Transportability
            (tank containers/standards) — Refuelling capability (terminal equipment) — Reliable usage (vehicle and scenario-based
            integration).




70   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




➢   Vehicle-mounted High-pressure Hydrogen Supply Systems and Related Products
    The vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply system is one of the key subsystems of a hydrogen fuel cell
    system and serves as the energy storage unit for hydrogen fuel cell vehicles. Such systems are generally used to store
    and supply hydrogen for the electrochemical reactions within the fuel cell stack. The vehicle-mounted high-pressure
    hydrogen supply system primarily consists of hydrogen storage tanks, piping and valves, pressure/temperature sensors,
    and a control system. It provides a safe, efficient and stable fuel supply for hydrogen fuel cell vehicles, with products
    catering to a wide range of applications including fuel cell buses, heavy-duty trucks, light commercial vehicles, rail
    transport and special-purpose vehicles.


    The system integrates core components such as carbon fibre-wrapped aluminium inner-tank hydrogen storage
    cylinders, modular cylinder valves, relief valves, pressure-reducing valves, pressure and temperature sensors, piping
    and control systems, thereby achieving the localisation, standardisation and mass production of key components. The
    Company’s products have passed rigorous safety certification and durability testing, and are at the forefront of the
    industry in terms of safety, lightweight design, integration and reliability.


    By 2025, we had delivered a total of 424 vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems to our customers.
    These systems will be installed on fuel cell buses in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China, as part of a green, low-
    carbon public transport demonstration project being promoted by the city in its capacity as a member of the National
    Hydrogen Energy Demonstration City Cluster. This delivery will provide an efficient hydrogen supply for Guangzhou’s
    large-scale commercial operation of hydrogen fuel cell buses (which constitutes China’s largest hydrogen bus project).




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025      71
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     CORPORATE CULTURE
     Guided by core values of innovation-driven development, quality-first, safety and reliability, green and low-carbon practices,
     and openness and mutual benefit, the Company is committed to technological self-reliance and industrial self-strengthening.
     Through world-class hydrogen energy equipment and integrated solutions, we aim to reduce the cost of hydrogen use,
     enhance the efficiency of hydrogen energy adoption, reduce carbon emissions and optimise the global energy structure,
     thereby creating sustainable value for shareholders, customers, employees and society. We are dedicated to becoming a
     world-leading provider of hydrogen energy equipment and integrated green energy solutions.


     COMPANY HONORS
     Leveraging on the insights in the hydrogen energy industry and the technical advantages on China’s hydrogen energy core
     equipment industry, we are one of the few national-level specialized and innovative “little giant” enterprises in China.
     The Company has led or participated in more than 20 scientific and technological projects, including various national key
     research and development programmes and Jiangsu Provincial key research and development programmes. The Company has
     contributed to the drafting of 14 national and industry standards relating to the hydrogen energy sector or related industries,
     and has led the development of over 30 local and group standards. It has received numerous provincial and ministerial-
     level awards, including the First Prize for Scientific and Technological Progress from Anhui Province, the Second Prize for
     Scientific and Technological Progress from Shanghai, the First Prize for Scientific and Technological Progress from the China
     Occupational Health Association, the Third Prize for Outstanding Achievements in Scientific Research from the Ministry of
     Education of China, the First and Second Prizes for Scientific and Technological Progress from the China Machinery Industry
     Federation, and the Second Prize for Scientific and Technological Progress from the Jiangsu of Automotive Engineers.


     In 2025, the Company was awarded the Second Prize for Outstanding Achievements in Scientific Research by the Ministry of
     Education.




72   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




BOARD STATEMENT
With the continuous development of our business, the Board of the Group attaches great importance to ESG management,
strictly complies with various requirements of the Guide, supervises and manages the Group’s ESG issues and assumes the
ultimate information disclosure responsibility. As the highest management body of the Company’s ESG governance, the Board
has overall responsibility for the Company’s ESG strategy, ESG report preparation and reporting, responsible for formulating
the overall sustainable development management policies, strategies and goals, and establishing and maintaining ESG risk
management and internal control systems.


The Board pays attention to the identification and management of ESG risks and opportunities, strengthens its supervision and
involvement in the Group’s ESG management. The Board actively facilitates the incorporation of ESG concepts into the Group’s
strategies, major decisions and business practices, and continues to create long-term value for the society, thus safeguarding
the Group’s sustainable and high-quality development.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
The Company is committed to promoting high-quality corporate governance practices and procedures and we firmly believe
that good corporate governance is vital to boosting investors’ confidence in the Company. As of the end of the reporting
period, the Board is responsible of managing and operating our business and has general powers. Currently, the Board
comprised nine members, including three executive directors, three non-executive directors and three independent non-
executive directors, and established four specialized committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Review
Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Strategic Committee.


The Board is responsible for the overall leadership and management of the Company, overseeing the Company’s business,
investment and strategic decisions, and maintaining effective risk management and internal control systems for the Company.
These systems are used to identify, manage and mitigate various operational risks. In addition, the Board performs compliance
management duties. The Group strictly complies with the laws and regulations of the places where it operates and the relevant
policies of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We have zero tolerance for breaches of laws and regulations.



                                                            The
                                                           Board




                           Audit            Remuneration           Nomination           Strategic
                                             and Review
                         Committee           Committee             Committee           Committee




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025     73
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     The Board promotes Board diversity policy which stipulates the approach to achieve and maintain an appropriate balance
     of diversity perspectives of our Board that are relevant to our business growth. According to the Board diversity policy, the
     selection of Board candidates will be based on a series of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age,
     cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate
     decision will be based on merits and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.


     Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including overall management and strategic development, business
     operation and accounting and financial management. We have three independent non-executive Directors who have different
     industry backgrounds, representing one-third of our Board members.


     ESG MANAGEMENT
     The Board, as the highest governing and decision-making body of the Company, has overall responsibility for the sustainable
     development of the Company. A scientific, stable and effective sustainable development management system is the
     cornerstone for promoting high-quality corporate development. Therefore, the Company has established a three-tier
     sustainable development management system with the Board as the core of management. The Board, as the decision-making
     body on ESG issues, will assess and manage sustainability risks, clarify the ESG governance structure, management systems
     and policies and performance indicators. The Board is responsible for evaluating and determining our ESG-related risks as well
     as ensuring that the Company has an appropriate and effective environmental, social and governance risk management and
     internal control system.


     An ESG working group has been established at the management level by the Company, which comprises senior management
     and staff who have sufficient knowledge of current and emerging ESG issues as well as the Company’s operations. The ESG
     working group reports regularly to the Board on the progress of its work. In terms of detailed implementation of ESG issues,
     the heads of various functional departments within the Company are responsible of implementing the work deployment
     arranged by management and the Social Responsibility Committee and perform specific tasks effectively, collect and sort the
     ESG performance of their departments and report on work done to the ESG working group, so as to ensure the specific tasks
     are performed effectively.




74   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS
As a member of the society, it is critical for companies to be socially responsible for increasing competitiveness in the market.
The United Nations has set 17 Sustainable Development Goals (i.e. SDGs), which call on everyone to cope with severe
environmental and social challenges.


The Company has integrated the UNSDGs into our daily work to contribute to global sustainability. Under the leadership of the
Board of the Company, we have selected the goals related to the Company’s operations in accordance with the UNSDGs. The
following list shows the actions we have taken for sustainable development.


 Goals                  Our Actions                                                   Corresponding UN SDGs

 Management             The Company is dedicated to stable development and
 Compliance             continues to strengthen compliance management, so as
                        to establish a transparent and effective decision-making
                        system and consolidate the internal control system,
                        thereby ensuring the operation stability of enterprises.

 Economic Growth        We are dedicated to improve the quality of operation,
                        create sustainable economic benefits, drive economic
                        development, and promote the increase in employment
                        opportunities.

 Product                We maintain a rigorous standard of business integrity
 Responsibility         and conduct business with integrity, and is committed
                        to providing customers with high-quality products and
                        services. At the same time, we strictly protect the privacy
                        of customers to ensure our customers’ trust in us will not
                        be harmed.

 Being Innovative       We always believe that R&D and innovation is a key
                        driving force for corporate development. We continue
                        to increase R&D budgets and introduce cutting-
                        edge technologies and equipment while focusing on
                        improving product quality, so as to ensure each product
                        can reach the industry leading level.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025      75
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Goals                Our Actions                                                 Corresponding UN SDGs

      Environmental        The Company adheres to the implementation of policies
      Protection           in relation to energy saving, emission reduction as well
                           as green and low-carbon development, and work with
                           upstream and downstream partners to jointly address
                           climate change challenges. Promote the culture of
                           green office and enhance the environmental protection
                           awareness of employees.


      Caring for           We are dedicated to create an equal, inclusive, healthy
      Employees            and safe working environment for employees, build
                           a fair and comprehensive talent development system,
                           create a first-class training platform, attach importance
                           to employee growth, and join hands with employees to
                           create a better future.




      Giving Back to       The Company actively cooperates in overall national
      Society              situation, undertake corporate social responsibility,
                           proactively integrate into community development, and
                           contribute to the development of a harmonious society
                           through diversified community activities.




76   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




STAKEHOLDER COMMUNICATION
Stakeholders play an important role in the Group’s development. Through internal and external research, we consider that the
Group currently has stakeholders that are important to its sustainable development, namely the investors, employees, clients,
suppliers and partners, community and government and regulatory authorities. We attach great importance to the views of
our stakeholders, communicate with them through various channels, incorporate their views into the issue of sustainable
development of the Company and respond positively with practical actions.


 Stakeholders                Demands and expectations                        Communication channels


 Shareholders and            •   Protecting investors’ rights                •   General meetings
 investors                   •   Corporate compliant operation               •   Annual and interim reports
                             •   Accurate disclosure of information          •   Company website/email
                                                                             •   Investor conference


 Employees                   •   Protecting the legitimate rights and        •   Documents on systems of the Company
                                 interests of employees                      •   Daily communication
                             •   Well-established compensation and           •   Staff feedback mailbox
                                 benefits mechanism                          •   Performance evaluation and assessment
                             •   Occupational health and safety              •   Staff training
                             •   Equal employment and development
                                 opportunities


 Suppliers                   •   Supplier management                         •   Supplier admission
                             •   Equal opportunity for competition           •   Site research and investigation
                             •   Win-win cooperation                         •   Supplier assessment
                             •   Anti-corruption                             •   Communication with suppliers


 Customers                   •   Product safety and quality                  •   Daily communication
                             •   Product R&D and innovation                  •   Management of customers’ complaints
                             •   Customer services                           •   Portals
                             •   Customers’ rights                           •   Products R&D and management


 Government and              •   Legal and compliant operation               •   Policy execution
 regulatory authorities      •   Pay taxes according to law                  •   Timely information disclosure
                             •   Safe operation                              •   Participation in government meetings
                             •   Social contribution                         •   Regular seminars and exchanges
                             •   Anti-corruption                             •   Presentation of materials


 Community                   •   Caring of community                         •   Public welfare donations
                             •   Public welfare investments                  •   ESG reports
                             •   Environmental protection                    •   Community and volunteer services
                                                                                 and activities




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   77
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
     To clarify the core areas of focus of the Group’s ESG work, we entrust a professional third-party institution to conduct
     materiality assessments, so as to judge the materiality of each ESG issue to the Group’s business development and the
     stakeholders. The assessment results will serve as the key basis for formulating ESG management strategies and preparing
     ESG reports. During the assessment process, the Company communicates with stakeholders actively to understand their
     concerns and expectations on the Company’s sustainable development, and analyse and assess the current materiality issues
     of sustainable development comprehensively by integrating the global political, economic, legal and social development trends
     as well as the operation strategies, development approaches and business structure of the Company.




                 Step 1                                 Step 2                                Step 3

                 Identifying issues                     Conducting research                   Analysing results

             •   Taking into account the            •   We have conducted different       •   By documenting the views of
                 Company’s business scope               types of research for different       our stakeholders, we were
                 and strategic direction, we            stakeholders to understand            able to fully understand their
                 have identified 23                     their needs, including but not        key concerns and compile and
                 sustainability issues applicable       limited to face-to-face               analyse the views to identify
                 to the Company after internal          communication, special                the material issues for the ESG
                 assessment according to the            meetings and questionnaires,          report of this year. On this
                 ESG Reporting Guide of the             etc. We asked all parties for         basis, the ESG working group
                 Hong Kong Stock Exchange,              their assessment of the               developed a stakeholder
                 the United Nations                     importance of the issues to           materiality assessment matrix.
                 Sustainable Development                understand the requirements,
                 Goals (SDGs) and the GRI               suggestions and expectations
                 Reporting Standards of the             of our stakeholders.
                 Global Sustainability
                 Standards Board.




78   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT RESULTS
The Company mapped out a matrix of materiality issues for Guofu Hydrogen using the materiality of ESG issues to the
Company as a horizontal coordinate and the importance of ESG issues to stakeholders as a vertical coordinate.




         Very important
                                                                                                    n Product quality and safety
                                                                       n Staff training and                 n Compliant operations
                                       n Privacy protection                 development


                                                                                                               n Safety production
                                      n Management of sustainable                 n Protection of staff’s         and management
                                         supply chain                                rights and interests

                                                                                          n Corporate governance
                                          n Outstanding customer service




   Importance to stakeholders
                                                        n Customer rights                          n Product development
                                                                                                      and innovation

                                                                  n Fair procurement                   n Business ethics
                                                                                                             and integrity
                                               n    Protection of environment and ecology


                                                              n Energy management
                                                                                  n Exhaust emission and wastewater discharge

                                                                   n    Community charity           n Waste emissions

                                                                                          n Management of carbon emissions
                                n Addressing climate change
                                                                                                    n Combating corruption
                                             n Disposal of
                                                non-conforming products
                                                                                                        n Protection of intellectual
                                                                                                              property rights




                                                        Importance to the Company                                        Very important




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025   79
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS
     In September 2020, the Chinese government promulgated the development objective of “Carbon Peaking by 2030 and
     Carbon Neutrality by 2060 (2030碳達峰和2060碳中和)”, opening a new era for energy transformation and addressing
     climate changes. China’s energy structure and system will continue to undergo deep transformation towards cleanliness,
     low-carbonization and safety. In March 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy
     Administration jointly issued the “Medium- and Long-term Plan for the Development of the Hydrogen Energy Industry
     (2021-2035)” (《氫能產業發展中長期規劃(2021-2035)》), which further clarified the role and position of hydrogen energy
     in China’s energy system and emphasized hydrogen production with renewable energy and clean hydrogen as the focus
     of hydrogen energy development direction. In 2026, the 15th Five-Year Plan of China further designated hydrogen energy
     as a key development direction for future industries and a core component of the new energy system. It explicitly called
     for advancing hydrogen energy from demonstration projects towards large-scale, industrialised development, focusing on
     breakthroughs in key technologies such as green electricity-based hydrogen production and ammonia-methanol production,
     and establishing a framework for coordinated development across the entire value chain to provide strategic support for
     the energy transition and the “dual carbon” goals. Based on the Zhangjiagang industry base, the Company will regard
     liquid hydrogen, type IV cylinders, electrolytic cells, intelligent manufacturing and end-user applications of hydrogen as its
     future strategies and connect the entire industry chain of hydrogen energy from water electrolysis hydrogen production to
     liquefaction, storage and transport and delivery as well as end-user utilisation, so as to provide full industry chain solutions
     for equipment of large-scale production, storage, transportation, refueling and use of hydrogen production with renewable
     energy and green hydrogen, and make our due contribution for achieving the country’s “dual carbon” development objective.


     We always pay attention to and strictly comply with national environment-related laws and regulations including the PRC
     Environmental Protection Law (《中華人民共和國環境保護法》), the Law of the PRC on Prevention and Treatment of Water
     Pollution (《中華人民共和國水污染防治法》), the Solid Waste Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the PRC (《中華
     人民共和國固體廢棄物污染環境防治法》) and the Energy Conservation Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國節約能源法》),
     set environmental targets according to environmental policies every year, implement measures for emission reduction and
     strengthen the treatment of emission. To ensure the effective implementation of environmental measures and proper
     treatment of emission and waste, we engage qualified third-party testing agencies regularly to conduct testing and assessment
     of wastewater, exhaust and noise arising from our manufactory environment as well as estimating the carbon emission arising
     from our production. We will engage qualified third-party agencies to carry out reasonable treatment of hazardous waste.
     During the Reporting Period, we have complied with laws and regulations in relation to environment, occupational health and
     safety in all material aspects and we were not subject to any incidents or complaints which had a material and adverse effect
     on our business, financial condition or results of operations.




80   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




R&D AND INNOVATION
Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen Energy Equipment Co., Ltd. has established the Jiangsu Provincial Enterprise Technology Centre –
Enterprise Technology Centre of Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen Energy Equipment Co., Ltd.; the Jiangsu Provincial Engineering
Research Centre – Jiangsu Provincial Engineering Research Centre for Hydrogen Production and Storage Equipment; and the
Jiangsu Provincial Engineering Technology Research Centre – Jiangsu Provincial Engineering Technology Research Centre
for Hydrogen Production and Storage Equipment. Relying on these technology centres, the Company has established a
comprehensive mechanism covering investment, management, evaluation and incentives. Regarding the investment guarantee
mechanism, the Company strictly enforces the R&D budget management system to ensure that funds are allocated in full
and in a timely manner, whilst maintaining independent accounting. In terms of project management, guided by normative
documents such as the “R&D Project Management System”, the company has achieved standardised management throughout
the entire process, from project initiation and feasibility studies, through process monitoring and milestone reviews, to final
acceptance. Regarding talent incentive and evaluation mechanisms, a diversified system has been established that combines
material and non-material incentives and links short-term with long-term development: a special innovation incentive fund has
been set up to provide immediate rewards for significant technological breakthroughs and achievements; the effectiveness
of technological innovation has been incorporated as a core evaluation indicator for staff promotion, professional technical
grading and external training; and through a shareholding scheme for key personnel, the long-term interests of individuals and
the Company are aligned.


In terms of industry-academia-research collaboration, the Company has established a tiered and categorised partnership
management system. Based on the degree of strategic synergy, partner organisations are classified into strategic, core and
project tiers for differentiated management and resource allocation. Through measures such as the signing of long-term
agreements, the Company has forged robust strategic partnerships and established mechanisms for the sharing of intellectual
property and the exchange of personnel. The Company maintains long-term, close technical collaborations with Tsinghua
University, Southeast University, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, the Hefei General Machinery Research Institute, and the China
Special Equipment Supervision and Inspection Institute. The Company has undertaken and participated in numerous national
key research and development projects, including hydrogen energy equipment testing and evaluation, high-pressure hydrogen
storage cylinders with plastic liners, liquid hydrogen storage, transport and refuelling, fuel cell vehicle safety, and multi-energy
integration systems for ports; It has undertaken and participated in numerous provincial-level scientific research projects,
including the development of liquid hydrogen storage and transport equipment, hydrogen liquefaction technology, 70 MPa
on-board hydrogen systems and key components for fuel cell vehicles, 70 MPa high-pressure hydrogen dispensers and key
components, and the research, development and application of IoT systems for hydrogen energy equipment.


The Company has led or participated in over 20 scientific and technological projects, including various national key research
and development programmes and Jiangsu Provincial key research and development programmes. Guofu Hydrogen and its
subsidiaries have filed over 470 patent applications and been granted 319 patents, including 120 invention patents; we have
also registered 39 software copyrights. Guofu Hydrogen holds 175 registered trademarks in mainland China, three in Hong
Kong and two in the European Union.




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025      81
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     ENVIRONMENT MANAGEMENT
     Environmental Protection Policies
     Our production process mainly involves the discharge of wastewater, waste gas, solid waste and noise, as well as the use
     of different types of chemical materials. To minimize the impact of emission on the environment, we have implemented a
     series of emissions management system and policies in accordance with national laws and regulations and national and local
     environmental standards in terms of air pollutant emission, discharges into water and land, disposal of solid waste and noise
     control.


     We are committed to exploring ways to protect the environment as we continue to increase the revenue and expand
     production capacity. By developing and integrating environmentally sustainable practices into our operations, we minimize
     our environmental impacts. The Company has set up a regular inspection system and stringent environmental management
     measures which involve controlling of pollutant emission, waste treatment, third-party testing and monitoring, reducing the
     fossil fuel consumption and increasing staff awareness to mitigate environmental impact from our operation in the near,
     medium and long term. We strictly follow the requirements of national laws and regulations to reduce and manage the waste
     generated and encourage employees to use resources responsibly. The Company has established waste sorting stations that
     require employees to engage in waste classification. In addition, we carry out routine monitoring of wastewater, exhaust
     emissions and noise levels in our day-to-day operations, as well as of workstations involving toxic, hazardous and high-risk
     activities, and conduct annual inspections and reviews. At the same time, the Company generates and prioritises the use
     of clean energy through the installation of solar panels, and has implemented comprehensive water and electricity-saving
     measures across production facilities and office areas to continuously improve resource efficiency. Set out below are some of
     the key procedures in respect of environmental protection policies which have been adopted by us:


     ■      Regular Inspections. The Company has set up a regular inspection system and stringent environmental management
            measures. Specifically, we control the emission by way of reduction management of waste water and gas through
            process optimization to reduce the cleaning time and winding time, thus reducing the generation of wastewater and
            waste gas. In addition, the Company also engages qualified third parties to monitor the toxicity and harmfulness of
            relevant production positions, waste water, noise, exhaust gas and radiation.


     ■      Resource Consumption. The Company has improved the layout of workshop equipment and reduced the number of
            heat-generating equipment to reduce the air conditioning load and in turn reduce energy consumption. In addition,
            we have placed the production equipment with special requirements for temperature and humidity separately to
            cancel the original heating and dehumidification requirements of the entire workshop, which in turn reduce the energy
            consumption of air conditioners.




82   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                   Environmental, Social and Governance Report




■   Handling of Hydrogen and Other Chemicals. The Company’s safety management department is responsible for
    the comprehensive management and to ensure safety precautions and supervision are in place in the use of hydrogen
    and the storage and handling of other chemicals. Personnel engaged in work related to the storage and use of
    hydrogen and chemicals must receive regular training in safety knowledge, professional skills, occupational safety and
    health protection and emergency rescue knowledge. For the handling of hydrogen and chemicals, our internal policy
    puts in place strict management protocols including providing appropriate safety equipment, implementing isolation
    measures, conducting regular inspections of storage facilities, and requiring safety precautions when handling and
    disposing waste in designated containers.


■   Waste Management. The Company has completed online filing to discharge waste water and we have obtained
    necessary approvals of the pollution discharge from competent authorities. We have set up an air emission process
    system in our plants and implement relevant internal protocols to ensure proper operations. For other hazardous waste,
    we collect them and send to qualified units for specialized treatment. Wastewater from the Company is processed
    by the wastewater treatment station operated by us to reach national safety standards for disposal, other waste are
    collected and disposed by qualified industrial waste processing and environmental protection entities. We also contract
    with qualified environmental impact assessment agency to conduct regular inspections regarding our compliance with
    the emission of wastewater, waste gas and noise standard according to various environmental protection laws and
    regulations.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025     83
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM CERTIFICATION
     Through a series of effective environmental management measures, for the hydrogen energy equipment of Guofu Hydrogen,
     namely “tank containers within its qualification scope (C2), fiber wound cylinders (B3) and vehicle-mounted hydrogen
     supply systems, hydrogen dispensers, ancillary equipment for hydrogen dispensers and water electrolysis device”, the
     design, manufacturing and relevant management activities obtained the GB/T 24001-2016/ISO14001:2015 Environmental
     Management System Certificate in 2020 and 2023. As of now, we have obtained the relevant permits and completed
     requisite registration in respect of the environmental protection and safety production, including explosion-proof certificate of
     conformity (防爆合格證), radiation safety license (輻射安全許可證), proof of filing for purchase of Class II and Class III excisable
     chemicals (第二類、第三類易製毒化學品購買備案證明), license to discharge urban wastewater into the drainage network (城
     鎮污水排入排水管網許可證), license for Erection, Modification and maintenance of special type equipment (特種設備安裝改造
     維修許可證), special design and production license (特種設計生產許可證) and level-III safety standardization certification (三級
     安全標準化認證).




84   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025   85
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




86   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report




                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025   87
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     RESOURCE MANAGEMENT
     Energy Management
     Energy Consumption Targets
     Baseline and             In response to the vision of achieving carbon peak in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2060 and the call
     Background:              of various regulatory agencies including the HKEX, the Company voluntarily set consumption reduction
                              targets based on the usage of energy in 2025. We set consumption reduction targets in terms of
                              consumption/revenue ratio


     Entity Scope:            Cover the Company and its principal subsidiaries including Guofu Hydrogen, Hydrogen Cloud Research
                              Institute and Shanghai Qingmai, which are mainly located at Jiangsu Province and Shanghai


     Expected Results:        The electricity consumed per ton of product produced in 2026 will decrease to below 90% than that in
                              FY2025


     We maintain and advocate the concept of “energy efficiency”, encourage our staff to conserve resources, optimize the
     structure of resource utilization and strengthen the management of resource utilization, so as to reduce resource consumption
     at source. At the same time, we continue to explore ways to recycle resources and strive to improve the efficiency of resource
     utilization. In 2023, 2024 and 2025, our total energy consumption was 6,719 thousand kWh, 9,954 thousand kWh and 6,027
     thousand kWh, respectively. Our intensity of total energy consumption was 12.92 thousand kWh/revenue in RMB million,
     21.73 thousand kWh/revenue in RMB million and 17.67 thousand kWh/revenue in RMB million, respectively. Of which, our
     direct energy consumption was 2,522 thousand kWh, 4,153 thousand kWh and 3,643 thousand kWh, respectively, which
     mainly includes natural gas consumed during our production and gasoline consumed by our vehicles. Our indirect energy
     consumption was 4,197 thousand kWh, 5,801 thousand kWh and 2,384 thousand kWh, respectively, which mainly includes
     purchased electricity. In 2025, the Company’s total energy consumption intensity fell to 81.3% of the 2024 level, thereby
     achieving the target set at the beginning of the year to reduce total energy consumption intensity to within 90% of the
     previous year’s level.


     To achieve the energy consumption targets, we are actively promoting the use of renewable energy and plan to replace
     some of our purchased electricity with photovoltaic power generation for our production works in this year. Photovoltaic is a
     high-quality clean energy. By increasing the operational effectiveness of equipment by using standardised point inspections,
     regular maintenance of equipment and other management methods, we aim to decrease the useless power consumption of
     equipment, avoid idling of equipment and reduce energy consumption. In addition, we carried out LED lamps renovation for
     the lighting systems of the Company’s offices and various workshops. Compared with ordinary lighting equipment, LED lights
     have significant advantages, such as eco-friendly, energy saving and a longer life, which are the representative of “green
     lighting”.




88   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




On 28 December 2024, the distributed photovoltaic grid-connection and hydrogen production with green power R&D testing
platform project for factory phase III invested and constructed by Guofu Hydrogen completed and successfully passed the grid-
connected power generation acceptance. The distributed photovoltaic grid-connection and hydrogen production with green
power R&D testing platform project leverages on the rooftop distributed photovoltaic power stations of Guofu Hydrogen with
the area of 52,000 square meters, the total installed capacity of the project on direct-current side is 6,950 kilowatts-peak and
can generate 6.952 million units of green electricity in the first year. The project can save 2,133 tons of standard coal and
reduce emissions of carbon dioxide by 5,332.5 tons per year in average, which can facilitate green transformation of energy
structure. The project becoming operational will not only provide the phase III factory of Guofu Hydrogen with electricity
for daily production, but also optimize the carbon footprint of its products and enhance the competitiveness in low-carbon
development of the Company. On one hand, the design, production and construction of such project meets the normal model
of “self-generation and self-use, surplus power to the grid (自發自用，餘電上網)”, it also integrates the application scenarios
of hydrogen production with green power on the other hand.




WATER RESOURCE MANAGEMENT
Water Consumption Targets
Baseline and          In response to the vision of achieving carbon peak in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2060 and the call
Background:           of various regulatory agencies including the HKEX, the Company voluntarily set consumption reduction
                      targets based on the usage of energy in 2025. We set consumption reduction targets in terms of
                      consumption/revenue ratio


Entity Scope:         Cover the Company and its principal subsidiaries including Guofu Hydrogen, Hydrogen Cloud Research
                      Institute and Shanghai Qingmai, which are mainly located at Jiangsu Province and Shanghai


Expected Results:     The water consumed per ton of product produced in 2026 will decrease to below 95% than that in
                      FY2025


In 2023, 2024 and 2025, our water consumption was 55,800 tons, 46,088 tons and 44,516 tons, respectively. All of our
water consumption comes from the use of tap water and we did not encounter any problems and challenges in searching for
appropriate water source. Total water consumption in 2025 was lower than in both 2023 and 2024.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025      89
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     In order to achieve the goal of reducing water consumption, we have set a short-term water conservation target of 1%
     reduction in annual water consumption which is linked to the performance appraisal and encourages employees, so as to
     conserve water on their own initiative. In addition, we promote the recycling of water resources in our production processes,
     in order to reduce our net water consumption. We cultivate the concept of “water conservation” among our staff by posting
     water conservation posters in water fixtures and public areas. We pay attention to key water-using segments and equipment
     in real time, thus we can respond quickly to abnormal situations and minimize the waste of water resources. At the same
     time, we continue to improve the design of water-using segments and equipment to increase the efficiency of water resources
     utilization


     The wastewater discharged by the Company includes domestic wastewater and industrial wastewater, and its discharge is
     in line with the Law of the PRC on Prevention and Treatment of Water Pollution (《中華人民共和國水污染防治法》). With
     respect to production wastewater, we recycle the wastewater in our production process through the wastewater treatment
     system and do not discharge the wastewater externally.




     Domestic wastewater is pre-treated in septic tanks and fed into the municipal wastewater network for centralized disposal
     by the local wastewater treatment plant thereafter. The Company controls the sewage indices from the source by controlling
     the use of detergents and choosing phosphorus-free detergents. On the other hand, the Company keeps the sewage network
     unobstructed through regular inspection and maintenance of the septic tanks to prolong the life of the sewage network and
     the sewage tanks and to avoid the deterioration of the quality of the wastewater from polluting the environment.


     Packaging Management
     In 2023, 2024 and 2025, our packaging consumption were 4.41 tons, 11.32 tons and 6.58 tons, respectively. The intensity
     of hazardous waste were 0.008 ton/revenue in RMB million, 0.025 ton/revenue in RMB million and 0.019 ton/revenue in RMB
     million. Our packaging materials are mainly paper boxes, packaging bags, pearl cotton, wrapping films and plastic storage
     crates. In recent years, whilst ensuring the safe transport of our products, we have continued to prioritise reducing plastic
     use, minimising weight and promoting recyclability in our packaging. We strive to use biodegradable and reusable materials
     wherever possible, and our packaging consumption per unit has continued to decline. We have drawn up the “Equipment
     Packaging and Transport Plan” (《設備包裝運輸方案》) and the “Packaging (Transport) Work Instructions” (《包裝（運輸）作業指
     導書》) to clarify standards for finished product packaging and avoid waste caused by excessive packaging.


90   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




 Category                                                       Units                                   2023                 2024            2025


 Energy                     Direct Energy
 Consumption                Consumption1
                            Gasoline                            Liters                                23,700                15,900         19,900
                            Diesel                              Liters                                       –                   –                –
                            Liquefied Petroleum Gas             Kilograms                                    –                   –                –
                            Natural Gas                         Cubic meters                        219,166                382.322       329,839


                            Indirect Energy
                               Consumption2
                            Purchased Electricity               ’000 kWh                               4,197                 5,801          2,384
                            Direct Energy Consumption ’000 kWh                                         2,522                 4,153          3,643
                            Indirect Energy                     ’000 kWh
                               Consumption                                                             4,197                 5,801          2,384
                            Energy Consumption        3
                                                                ’000 kWh                               6,719                 9,954          6,027
                            Energy Consumption                  ’000 kWh/RMB million
                               Intensity                        in revenue                             12.92                 21.73          17.67


 Water Consumption Total Water Consumption                      ton                                   55,800                46,088         44,516
                            Total Water Consumption             ton/RMB million in
                               Intensity                        revenue                               107.31                100.63         130.55


 Packaging materials        Total Packaging Material            ton
                               Consumption     4
                                                                                                         4.41                11.32            6.58
                            Total Packaging Material            ton/RMB million in
                               Consumption Intensity5           revenue                                0.008                 0.025          0.019

Notes:

1.       Direct energy consumption of the Company includes gasoline and natural gas.

2.       The main form of indirect energy consumed by the Company is purchased electricity.

3.       Energy consumption is based on direct and indirect energy consumption amount obtained and calculated according to conversion equivalents in
         Appendix III of the “Energy Data Manual issued by the International Energy Agency” (《國際能源署發出的能源數據手冊》).

4.       Packaging materials used by the Company include paper packaging, plastic packaging, pearl cotton, wrapping films and plastic storage crates.

5.       The “Intensity” ratio in this report choose “000 kWh/million revenue for the Reporting Period” as an indicator.




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025      91
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     EMISSIONS MANAGEMENT
     EMISSIONS TARGETS
     Baseline and           In response to the vision of achieving carbon peak in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2060 and the call of
     Background:            various regulatory agencies including the HKEX, the Company voluntarily set emissions reduction targets
                            based on the emissions of air pollutants and greenhouse gases in 2025. We set emissions reduction
                            targets in terms of emissions/revenue ratio.


     Entity Scope:          Cover the Company and its principal subsidiaries including Guofu Hydrogen, Hydrogen Cloud Research
                            Institute and Shanghai Qingmai, which are mainly located at Jiangsu Province and Shanghai.


     Expected Results:      In 2026, the Company will focus on optimizing energy efficiency in production processes. Using the
                            energy consumption per unit of product from FY2025 as a benchmark, the Company will implement a
                            range of measures, including process improvements, equipment upgrades, refined energy management
                            to steadily reduce electricity and natural gas consumption per ton of product, continuously improve
                            energy utilization efficiency.


     We pay great attention to the relevant laws and regulations of the country, strictly comply with applicable laws and regulations
     where the Group operates during our production and operation. We emphasize the treatment of emissions, wastewater, solid
     waste and other emissions to ensure the emissions of the Company can meet local emissions standards, thereby reducing the
     adverse effects caused to the environment. We continue to improve our emissions management system and have established
     the “Management System for Exhaust Dust” (《廢氣、粉塵管理制度》), “Wastewater Management System” (《污水管理
     制度》), “Solid Waste Management System” (《固體廢棄物管理制度》), “Noise Management System” (《噪聲管理制度》)
     and other systems, which specified the management requirements and emission standards for various types of emissions. The
     health, safety and environment (HSE) specialist carries out regular compliance checks on emissions according to the “HSE
     Monitoring and Measurement Control Procedures” (《HSE監視、測量控制程序》). In addition, the Company invites qualified
     third-party organizations to conduct tests on various indicators of waste gas and wastewater, including but not limited to
     sulfur oxides, nitrogen oxides and particulate matter, PH value, suspended solids, so as to ensure compliance with national
     emission standards.


     Gas Pollution Prevention and Control
     The air pollutants discharged by the Company are mainly nitrogen oxide, sulfur oxides and suspended particles, which are
     mainly from the production processes of the Company and vehicle emissions. Our emissions are in line with the Integrated
     Emission Standard of Air Pollutants (《大氣污染綜合排放標準》). The emissions from the winding and painting processes of
     the Company are treated in the waste gas treatment facilities and adsorbed by activated carbon before being discharged via
     exhaust pipes at a height of not less than 15 meters. Welding fume is collected by a mobile welding fume dust collector, and
     the dust collected by the dust collector is recycled in time or entrusted to a qualified unit for treatment.




92   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




In 2023, 2024 and 2025, our total nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions were 59.3 kilograms, 90.4 kilograms and 79.5 kilograms,
respectively, our total sulfur oxide (SOx) emissions were 0.6 kilograms, 0.6 kilograms and 0.6 kilograms, respectively and our
emissions of suspended particles were 1.3 kilograms, 1.2 kilograms and 1.2 kilograms, respectively. Emissions of NOx and SOx
mainly come from the combustion of natural gases such as heated evacuation ovens and solidification furnaces and vehicle
emissions. Emissions in 2025 were significantly lower than the data in 2024.


In order to achieve the emission targets, the Company sets emission targets for emission indicators (NOx, SOx and particulate
matter) every year and links the emission results to the performance assessment. We continue to promote the green
transformation of our energy structure and develop photovoltaic power generation projects. Through the effective application
of renewable and clean energy, we can reduce traditional fuel consumption and at the same time greatly reduce emissions
of waste gas and greenhouse gases. We are committed to controlling the emission of air pollutants at source. We check the
environmental conditions of our vehicles every year and dispose of those vehicles that have reached the end of their useful life.
In addition, through logistics outsourcing, the company pools resources, optimizes routes and greatly reduces emissions from
the transportation of raw materials and products.


GREENHOUSE GAS MANAGEMENT
With a focus on environmental consciousness, we strive to conserve our environment by using resources responsibly, reducing
waste, and maintaining a neutral carbon footprint. We develop and produce hydrogen energy core equipment with a goal
to serve global and China’s hydrogen energy industry and contribute to the development of green hydrogen which are
considered as an important way to reduce carbon emissions.


In 2023, 2024 and 2025, our emissions of greenhouse gases within Scope 1 were 622 tons, 1,018 tons and 894 tons,
respectively, and the main source of emissions of greenhouse gases within Scope 1 are from the vehicle emissions used in
our operation. Our emissions of greenhouse gases within Scope 2 were 2,690 tons, 3,766 tons and 1,650 tons, and the main
source of emissions of greenhouse gases within Scope 2 are from the electricity and natural gas required in our operation.
Our emissions of greenhouse gases within Scope 3 were 32 tons, 48 tons and 55 tons, and the main sources of greenhouse
gases in Scope 3 are CO2 emissions from the use of paper and the travel of employees on airplanes and business trips. In recent
years, the Company has accelerated its expansion efforts, partnering with overseas enterprises to establish joint ventures,
deeply participating in the localization and large-scale development of the hydrogen energy industry, operational activities and
employee air travel have had a corresponding increase, leading to a rise in the Company’s Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions
in 2025. However, both Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions saw significant declines in the year, resulting in an
overall reduction in greenhouse gas emissions compared to 2024.


In order to achieve our emissions targets, we actively pursue photovoltaic power generation projects to reduce the
consumption of conventional energy through the use of clean energy and to control greenhouse gas emissions at source. We
emphasize on the development of environmentally friendly products and we are committed to managing our carbon footprint
with our upstream and downstream partners as well as our customers. We will improve the efficiency of equipment operation,
reduce useless power consumption, avoid equipment idling and reduce energy consumption through standardized point
inspection, equipment periodic maintenance and other management means.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025      93
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     In addition, we cultivate staff awareness of power saving by requiring air-conditioners to be set at a temperature of no more
     than 26 degrees Celsius in summer and to be used only when the temperature is below 5 degrees Celsius in winter. We require
     our staff to turn off the lights when they leave and arrange security guards to inspect the electricity consumption every day.
     We continue to implement “Green Office” and cultivate the habit of energy-saving and low-carbon office and living among
     our staff. We encourage our staff to travel in a low-carbon manner and use public transportation to reduce empty trips and
     unnecessary staff travels. We encourage our staff to adopt remote online meetings, implement paperless office and reduce
     paper material requirements through office software and electronic reimbursement system.


      Category                                                    Unit                                      2023               2024                2025


      Emissions1                 Nitrogen Oxides (NOx)            ton                                    0.0593              0.0904             0.0795
                                 Sulfur Oxides (SOx)              ton                                    0.0006              0.0006             0.0006
                                 Particulate Matters (PM)         ton                                    0.0013              0.0013             0.0012


      Total greenhouse           Scope 1 – Direct emission        ton                                        622              1,018                 894
      gas emissions and
      intensity2
                                 Scope 2 – Indirect emission ton                                           2,690              3,766               1,650
                                 from energy
                                 Scope 3 – Other indirect         ton                                          32                 48                  55
                                 emission
                                 Total emission3                  ton                                      3,344              4,832               2,599
                                 Total emission intensity         ton/revenue in                             6.43             10.55                7.63
                                                                  RMB million

     Notes:

     1.       Emissions of the Company are mainly from gas fuel consumption and vehicle emissions. The emission factors for gas fuel refer to the Clean Air
              Charter — A Business Guidebook (《清新空氣約章－商界指南》) published by the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce and the Hong Kong
              Business Coalition on the Environment, as well as the Towngas’s Sustainable Development Report 2018 (《可持續發展報告2018》). The emission
              factors for vehicles refer to the Vehicle Emission Calculation Model of the Hong Kong Environmental Protection Department.

     2.       To comprehensively present GHG emissions of the Company, we divided them into three scopes according to Appendix C2 of the Main Board
              Listing Rules:
              ➢        Scope 1 — covers GHG emissions directly generated by the owned or controlled operations of the Company
              ➢        Scope 2 — covers electricity consumed (purchased or acquired) internally by the Company
              ➢        Scope 3 — covers all other indirect GHG emissions occurring outside the Company, such as wastepaper disposed of in landfills by the
                       Company and our staff traveling by airplane for business purposes

     3.       GHG emission data are presented in terms of carbon dioxide equivalents and refer to:
              ➢      Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fifth Assessment Report (AR5) (2014)
              ➢      The “Guidelines to Account for and Report on Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Removals for Buildings (Commercial, Residential or
                     Institutional Purposes) in Hong Kong” (《香港建築物（商業、住宅或公共用途）的溫室氣體排放及減除的核算和報告指引》) by Hong Kong
                     Environmental Protection Department
              ➢      Ecological Environment Bureau of the People’s Republic of China (2019)




94   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




WASTE MANAGEMENT
Waste Discharge Targets
Baseline and          In response to the vision of achieving carbon peak in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2060 and the call of
Background:           various regulatory agencies including the HKEX, the Company voluntarily set emissions reduction targets
                      based on the discharge of waste in 2025. We set emissions reduction targets in terms of emissions/
                      revenue ratio.


Entity Scope:         Cover the Company and its principal subsidiaries including Guofu Hydrogen, Hydrogen Cloud Research
                      Institute and Shanghai Qingmai, which are mainly located at Jiangsu Province and Shanghai.


Expected Results:     The waste discharge intensity per ton of product produced in 2026 will decrease by 5%.


Hazardous Waste
In 2023, 2024 and 2025, our total discharge of hazardous waste were 61 tons, 47 tons and 107 tons, respectively. The
intensity of hazardous waste were 0.12 ton/revenue in RMB million, 0.10 ton/revenue in RMB million and 0.31 ton/revenue
in RMB million. Waste acetone solvent, waste cutting fluid, waste packaging, waste emulsion, and waste activated carbon
generated during production processes are the Group’s major hazardous waste. To achieve the discharge targets, in order
to guarantee clean production and sustainable development, we will remain firm in regulating our management, integrated
utilisation and harmless disposal of solid waste, with an aim to reduce waste discharge.


Non-hazardous Waste
In 2023, 2024 and 2025, our total discharge of hazardous waste were 121 tons, 171 tons and 171 tons, respectively. The
intensity of hazardous waste were 0.23 ton/revenue in RMB million, 0.37 ton/revenue in RMB million and 0.50 ton/revenue in
RMB million. Non-hazardous waste are mainly office and household waste, kitchen waste and non-hazardous waste during our
production and operation.


To further minimize the environmental impacts of non-hazardous waste, we have adopted a combination of “waste reduction
at source” and “waste transfer” approach in managing non-hazardous waste. We have strengthened the management of
resource procurement and utilization. In order to control hazardous waste at source, we have posted posters such as “save
paper” in public areas to advocate the rational use of resources by our staff, so as to reduce unnecessary waste of resources. In
terms of food, we avoid purchasing excessive ingredients and each factory will conduct survey on staff’s opinions on canteen’s
dishes and strive to improve to meet the appetites of a majority of staff, so as to reduce food waste at source. We encourage
our staff to use resources wisely and we have set up waste sorting points in our office premises and production areas to require
employees to sort waste.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025      95
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     We insist the principle of “Classified Collection, Comprehensive Utilisation and Proper Disposal” for the treatment of solid
     waste, sort solid waste for disposal, recycle recyclable waste as much as possible and hand over non-recyclable waste to
     qualified companies for disposal. Waste includes hazardous waste and non-hazardous waste. Hazardous waste means
     solid waste containing toxic, hazardous or dangerous waste that needs to be treated in accordance with local government
     regulations. We have set up hazardous waste bins in each plant. Hazardous waste generated in the production process is
     handled by each unit in contact with the business department, which commissions a qualified unit to handle and report to
     the safety and environmental protection department. Each unit monitors the disposal of hazardous waste to ensure that the
     hazardous waste is handled legally.


      Category                                                   Unit                                    2023               2024               2025


      Waste                 Hazardous waste1                     ton                                        61                 47               107
                            Density of hazardous waste           ton/total revenue in                     0.12               0.10               0.31
                                                                   RMB million
                            Non-hazardous waste2                 ton                                       121                171               171
                            Density of non-hazardous             ton/total revenue in                     0.23               0.37               0.50
                               waste                               RMB million

     Notes:

     1.       The hazardous waste of the Company mainly includes waste acetone solvent, waste cutting fluid, waste packaging, waste emulsion, and waste
              activated carbon.

     2.       The non-hazardous waste of the Company can be categorized into office and general household waste, kitchen waste, construction waste and
              other non-hazardous waste. Other non-hazardous waste primarily includes waste boxes and scrap metal.


     Impacts of Climate Change
     Climate-related issues pose a certain degree of threat to us. We adhere to the risk management principle of “prevention-
     oriented, rapid response and continuous monitoring” to assess the potential risk and extent of impact of environmental and
     climate changes on our business, and take timely countermeasures to minimize our losses caused by environmental risks. We
     identify and disclose the potential impacts of climate-related risks on our business according to the recommendations of the
     Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The major climate risks we have identified can be categorized into
     (i) physical risk, which is defined as the physical impacts arising from extreme weather conditions or long-term chronic shifts in
     climate patterns; and (ii) transition risks, which is defined as the risk associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy,
     which may involve policy risk, legal risk, technology risk, market risk, reputation risk and other risks.




96   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Type of risks   Potential impacts                                   Responses

Physical risk

Acute risk       Climate-related issues may bring about the          With reference to relevant laws and
                 risk of increasingly severe extreme weather         regulations, we have formulated the
                 events. The Company mainly locates at               “Emergency Rescue Plan” (《應急救援預
                 Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu Province, which          案》), set up an emergency rescue team and
                 is located at the Yangtze River Delta region        purchase emergency supplies and equipment
                 and belongs to the southern humid climate           in advance. Also, we conduct emergency drills
                 zone of the North Asian Tropics. Due to the         and training from time to time to enhance our
                 combined effects of climate changes and             staff’s awareness of precautionary measures
                 geographical conditions, Zhangjiagang City is       and their ability to avoid risks. At the same
                 vulnerable to natural disasters, such as floods     time, the Company optimizes the protective
                 and draughts, typhoons, rainstorms and high         design of the production and warehousing
                 temperatures. Natural disasters and extreme         facilities, carrying out flood and typhoon-proof
                 weather conditions may cause power outages,         reinforcement and upgrades to key facilities
                 gas and water shortages as well as damages          such as workshops and warehouses. It has also
                 to production and processing facilities and         installed emergency power, water, and gas
                 warehouses, which may cause significant             supply equipment to ensure the basic operation
                 disruptions to our operations and economic          of core facilities during extreme weather
                 losses to the Company.                              conditions and minimize the risk of business
                                                                     disruption.

Chronic risk     The major suppliers of the Company are located      We have strengthened our efforts in
                 in various provinces and cities across the          researching the raw material market and
                 country, including Jiangsu Province, Zhejiang       studying the trend of the raw material market,
                 Province, Anhui Province, Hebei Province            so as to ensure the stability of the raw material
                 and other provinces. Of which, the supplier         supply. We continue to identify and cultivate
                 of carbon fiber, the principal raw material         multiple alternative suppliers for core raw
                 of hydrogen cylinders is located at Xi’ning,        materials, particularly for critical materials
                 Qinghai Province. Subject to weather changes,       such as carbon fiber, and have established a
                 the frequency of extreme weather events will        pool of alternative suppliers to mitigate the
                 cause disruption to our transportation services,    transportation risks with reliance on a single
                 which in turn will affect the stability of the      supplier or region. In addition, the Company
                 supply chains of the Company, and may in turn       has appropriately increased safety stock levels
                 lead to delays in the delivery of raw materials     for core raw materials and key components,
                 and products.                                       maintaining emergency inventory buffers to
                                                                     prevent production disruptions caused by
                                                                     shipping delays.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025   97
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Type of risks           Potential impacts                                       Responses

      Transition risk

      Policy and legal risk    Hydrogen energy is one of the important                 The Company has assigned dedicated
                               forms of energy and transportation to achieve           personnel to continuously monitor national
                               “carbon neutrality and carbon neutrality”.              and local policies, top-level planning, policy
                               National and local governments have launched            directions and demonstration city clusters
                               numerous favorable policies in the field of             related to hydrogen energy sector industry,
                               hydrogen energy, national top-level planning,           timely interpret policy changes, early adjust our
                               guidance from relevant ministries and                   business layout and development strategies,
                               commissions and the execution policies of local         and actively align with policy requirements;
                               governments are implemented successively.               we are continuously increasing our R&D
                               The rapid development of the Company in                 investment, focusing on core technological
                               the hydrogen energy sector has benefited                innovation and product upgrades and
                               from the support of national policies. As the           iterations to diversify our product portfolio,
                               hydrogen energy industry is still in a fast-            enhance products’ core competitiveness,
                               growing stage, any unfavorable changes in the           and reduce reliance on individual policies
                               national policies and industrial policies, or if the    and demonstration projects; simultaneously,
                               Company’s application in the demonstration              we actively participate in the development
                               city clusters is not as expected, the Company’s         of hydrogen energy demonstration city
                               business development may be adversely                   clusters, strengthen cooperation with
                               affected.                                               local governments, industry associations,
                                                                                       and downstream customers, promote the
                                                                                       large-scale application of our products in
                                                                                       demonstration scenarios, and enhance the
                                                                                       effectiveness of these demonstration projects.

      Legal risk               Our business operations are subject to                  We have established an environmental
                               environmental protection laws and regulations           regulatory monitoring mechanism to
                               issued by the PRC government. The transition            stay abreast of changes in domestic and
                               to a low-carbon economy will inevitably lead            international climate-related environmental
                               to changes in climate-related regulations               laws, regulations, and policies and organized
                               and policies and maintain compliance with               environmental compliance training for all
                               applicable environmental regulations and laws,          employees to enhance their awareness
                               which may change from time to time and                  of compliance requirements; we have
                               may increase our compliance costs. Failure to           increased our investment in environmental
                               comply with such laws and regulations may               protection, optimized production processes,
                               result in serious consequences for us, including        and constructed supporting environmental
                               administrative, civil and criminal penalties and        treatment facilities to ensure that production
                               liability for damages and negative publicity.           and business operations comply with
                               In the event of a serious violation, the PRC            environmental regulations and reduce the risk
                               government may suspend or close any business.           of non-compliance. At the same time, we have
                                                                                       established an environmental compliance self-
                                                                                       inspection mechanism, conducting regular
                                                                                       environmental compliance reviews to promptly
                                                                                       identify and rectify potential compliance risks,
                                                                                       thereby ensuring compliant operations.

98   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Type of risks         Potential impacts                                    Responses

Technological risks    The vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen           The Company adheres to a technology
                       supply systems and hydrogen refueling stations       development strategy of “independent R&D
                       (as a package of equipment) of the Company           + win-win cooperation,” strengthening
                       are technology-intensive products. The vehicle-      technological innovation and patent portfolio.
                       mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply                The Company enhance patent portfolio and
                       systems have the technical requirements of           management, establish a comprehensive
                       high safety, high stability, and light weight,       intellectual property protection system,
                       while the hydrogen refueling stations (as a          promptly apply patent for R&D achievements,
                       package of equipment) focus on the safety            while conduct patent monitoring to prevent
                       and accuracy of filling, and the two products        infringement risks and take legal action
                       are applied to fuel cell vehicles, transportation    against malicious infringement to safeguard
                       infrastructure and hydrogen filling stations,        the Company’s interests. We closely monitor
                       respectively. Currently, Japan and the United        industry technology development trends and
                       States have an absolute technological lead in        track domestic and international technological
                       the global hydrogen industry, monopolizing a         iteration advancements, early plan for the
                       large number of core technology patents. In          research and development of new technologies
                       addition, in the low-carbon context, as large        and pathways, drive product upgrades, and
                       energy companies and some of the relevant            ensure our products aligned with market’s
                       listed companies strengthen their investment         changing demands.
                       in research and development resources in
                       the hydrogen energy sector, if there are
                       breakthrough technologies or brand new
                       technological routes in the industry in the
                       future, it may result in the Company’s products
                       not being able to adapt to the market demand.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025   99
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Type of risks         Potential impacts                                    Responses
      Market risk            Against the backdrop of global emissions             The Company has participated in the
                             reduction, developed countries and regions,          compilation of the “Accounting method on
                             such as the United States, Japan and Europe,         Carbon Emission from Industrial co-product
                             want to capitalize on their economic and             Hydrogen” (《工業副產氫碳排放核算方法》)
                             trade strengths as well as their technological       which is led by the China Petroleum and
                             advantages in the field of low-carbon energy,        Chemical Industry Federation and the Shanghai
                             and enhance their competitive advantages             Environmental and Energy Exchange. The
                             through low-carbon trade barriers such as            methodology starts from clarifying the formal
                             carbon tariffs, especially in the energy industry    emissions of hydrogen by-products. Through
                             to expand their global markets. The fierce           a more scientific and objective calculation
                             competition of allocating carbon allowances          method, it clarifies the carbon emission
                             between developed countries and emerging             accounting and proportion allocation method
                             economies will continue in the future. With          of hydrogen by-products under various
                             the launch and operation of the national             processes, so as to promote the application
                             carbon market, China is expected to become           of industrial hydrogen by-products in the
                             the largest carbon market in the world. The          market. The Company’s planned projects for
                             common feature of China Certified Emission           water electrolysis hydrogen production using
                             Reduction (CCER) projects is the reduction of        renewable energy meet the development
                             carbon emissions. Blue and green hydrogen as         and filing requirements of the national CCER
                             well as new low- or zero-emission hydrogen           methodology and possess the potential
                             projects in the future, are the only ones            development for certified emission reductions.
                             that meet the emission reduction criteria            We continuously monitor global carbon tariff
                             for inclusion in the CCER project pipeline.          policies and carbon trading market trends,
                             In addition, with the market’s deepening             early preparing for compliance in overseas
                             understanding of the concepts of low-                markets, optimizing overseas market expansion
                             carbon economy and carbon trading, market            strategies, and mitigating the impact of carbon
                             choices will be more inclined to low-carbon          tariffs. The Company strengthens market
                             products. If the Company fails to provide more       research and customer needs analysis to
                             environmentally friendly products or services,       accurately identify market demand for low-
                             it may result in the loss of some customers and      carbon products, launch eco-friendly products
                             lead to market risk.                                 and services that meet customer needs,
                                                                                  consolidate customer resources, and reduce the
                                                                                  risk of losing customers.

      Reputation risk        Failure to conduct preliminary surveys on            The Company has established a comprehensive
                             intellectual property rights in the market           intellectual property management system
                             during product development and design                to promptly apply for patents and related
                             may result in the risk of patent infringement        intellectual property protection for its R&D
                             of the product. Failure to apply for patents         achievements and design proposals, clearly
                             or intellectual property protection for the          define ownership of intellectual property, and
                             Company’s design and R&D results in a timely         ensure that R&D achievements are effectively
                             manner, or failure to monitor and respond to         protected. At the same time, we strictly
                             malicious infringement in the market after the       comply with all national laws and regulations,
                             application is completed. This may result in a       and endeavor to protect all patents of the
                             failure to protect the results of the design and     Company from infringement while eliminating
                             development effectively, which may result in         infringement itself.
                             damage to the reputation of the Company.

100 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




CLIMATE CHANGE RESPONSE
Carbon Management, Carbon Footprint, and Green Products
In order to actively respond to national and international policies regarding the “dual carbon” and sustainable development,
and to address global climate change and the evolving green trade regulations. We place a high priority on low-carbon
management throughout the entire product lifecycle. In June 2025, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued
the “Implementation Plan on Further Promoting Green and Low-carbon Standardization Work in Industry and Information
Technology,” (《 關於深入推進工業和信息化綠色低碳準化工作的實施方案》) explicitly designating low-carbon fuels such as
green hydrogen, green ammonia, and green methanol as priority products for the development of carbon footprint calculation
standards. International regulations, such as the EU’s Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism, have also imposed stricter
requirements for the low-carbon market access of hydrogen products.


Against this backdrop, we have selected electrolytic cells, a key piece of equipment for hydrogen production, to conduct
carbon footprint certification. In collaboration with professional certification institutes, we are comprehensively calculating
greenhouse gas emissions across all stages of the product lifecycle, from raw material procurement, component
manufacturing, to assembly and integration, in accordance with internationally recognized standards such as ISO14067 and
PAS2050, scientifically defining the carbon footprint boundaries for electrolytic cell products, identifying high-emission stages,
and developing targeted carbon reduction measures accordingly. Through this certification, we have further understood
the products’ carbon emission characteristics, laying the foundation for formulating precise carbon reduction measures and
enhancing the green competitiveness of the products.


Furthermore, we plan to incorporate the carbon footprint certification results into product labeling, transparently disclosing
the carbon emissions levels of the products to consumers and partners, with the aim of guiding the market toward selecting
low-carbon, environmentally friendly hydrogen energy products and jointly promoting the green development of the hydrogen
energy industry.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 101
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    Practical Experience in Developing a Carbon Inclusive Methodology for hydrogen fueled vehicles
    In 2025, the Company’s subsidiary, Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute, took the lead in collaborating with professional
    organizations within the industry to complete the preparation of the “Suzhou Industrial Park Carbon Inclusive Methodology for
    Hydrogen Fueled Vehicles” (《蘇州工業園區氫燃料汽車行駛碳普惠方法學》)(No. SZYQ-2025006), which has become a crucial
    technical foundation for carbon emission accounting in the hydrogen fueled vehicles sector of Suzhou Industrial Park. During
    the preparation process, the team brought experts from multiple fields, including energy, transportation, environmental
    science, and carbon accounting together to systematically reviewed domestic and international policies, technical
    achievements, and practical experience related to hydrogen fueled vehicles carbon emissions accounting, conducted in-depth
    field research at hydrogen fueled vehicles operation and hydrogen refueling station operation companies, such as Lingniu New
    Energy Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu Jiahua hydrogen Technology Co., Ltd., to comprehensively understand the
    industry’s actual operational data and monitoring status; Based on the research findings to establish an overall methodological
    framework, defining the accounting boundaries, methods, and core parameters. After validation and optimization through
    an expert forum, the methodology’s feasibility and accuracy were verified via case studies, and following multiple rounds of
    refinement and improvement, a scientific, standardized, and operational carbon emission reduction accounting system for
    hydrogen fueled vehicles operations was ultimately established.


    The prepared carbon inclusive methodology clarifies the accounting processes, methods, and technical requirements for
    carbon emission reductions from non-residential passenger transport and freight transport scenarios within Suzhou Industrial
    Park and related partner regions. It defines project boundaries, emission sources, the crediting period, and the accounting
    period, establishes an emission reduction calculation model centered on the baseline method, standardizes requirements for
    the entire process of data monitoring, collection, management, and verification and clarifies the mechanisms for distributing
    emission reduction benefits, the criteria for verifying additionality and public benefit, fills a technical gap in the accounting of
    carbon inclusive for hydrogen fueled vehicles operations within the region. This methodology refer to international standards
    such as ISO14067, PAS2050 and integrates advanced practices such as the CDM methodology for small-scale hydrogen fuel
    cell vehicles, the Beijing hydrogen fuel cell vehicle carbon emission reduction methodology, tailored to the actual development
    of Suzhou’s hydrogen energy industry to provide a unified standard for the quantification, reporting, and verification of carbon
    emission reductions resulting from the replacement of traditional fuel vehicles with hydrogen fueled vehicles. It also lays the
    technical foundation for the monetization of carbon emission reductions in the regional hydrogen transportation sector and
    participation in carbon market transactions.


    Based on the outcomes of this preparation, we plan to launch the development of local hydrogen fueled vehicles carbon
    assets in Suzhou in 2026 using this Carbon Inclusive Methodology, utilize blockchain technology to complete carbon emission
    reduction calculations and manage the entire process, including project development, verification, and trading, to promote
    the standardized verification and market-based application of hydrogen fueled vehicles emission reductions. By promoting the
    verification and market-based application of hydrogen fueled vehicles emission reductions can support deep decarbonization
    in the regional transportation sector and the green, low-carbon development of the hydrogen energy industry, fulfill the
    corporate responsibility for low-carbon development and provide practical support in the hydrogen transportation sector to
    help achieve the nation’s “dual carbon” goals through technological R&D and standard-setting practices.




102 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




OPTIMISING EMPLOYMENT ENVIRONMENT
Employee Overview
Over the years, we have always adhered to the “people-oriented” management philosophy and regard our staff as the
most valuable resource and treasure. We strictly comply with the Labor Law of the PRC (《 中華人民共和國勞動法》), the
Labor Contract Law of the PRC (《 中華人民共和國勞動合同法》), the Law on the Protection of Minors of the PRC (《 中華
人民共和國未成年人保護法》), Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labor (《 禁止使用童工規定》), Special Rules on
the Labour Protection of Female Employees (《 女職工勞動保護特別規定》) as well as other relevant national and regional
laws and regulations, and accordingly formulate the Company’s internal procedures governing the policies and practices
of the Company in relation to remuneration and termination, recruitment and promotion, working hours, holidays, equal
opportunities, diversity, anti-discrimination as well as other entitlements and benefits.


We have established a healthy employment system and standardize the employment criteria of the Company, so as to
provide timely and continuous human resources support for the development of the enterprise through standardized and
professional recruitment activities. We have formulated the “Recruitment Management System” (《招聘管理制度》) to specify
the recruitment policies and processes. Recruitment of the Company is based on the principles of equal opportunity, fair
competition, comprehensive investigation and job matching. In 2025, the Group had a total of 529 employees, of which, there
were 444 male employees and 85 female employees. 111 employees are under 30 years old, 337 employees are 30-45 years
old and 81 employees over 45 years old.


We have established a comprehensive Labor Employment Management Rules (《勞動用工管理制度》) based on the Law on the
Protection of Minors of the PRC (《中華人民共和國未成年人保護法》), Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labor (《禁
止使用童工規定》), the Labor Contract Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) as well as various laws and regulations
and requirements of regulatory departments. Also, we strictly abide by various international conventions in related to human
rights, such as the Convention on the Minimum Age for Employment (《准予就業最低年齡公約》), the Convention concerning
the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour (《禁止和立即行動消除最惡劣形
式的童工勞動公約》) and the 1930 Forced Labour Convention (《1930年強迫勞動公約》).


We uphold the principle of fair employment and prohibit any discrimination in employment on the basis of nationality, sex,
age, color or religion. We are determined to eliminate child labor and strictly comply with the relevant requirements of
the labor and security authorities, which explicitly prohibit the employment of minors under the age of 16. We implement
stringent inspection measures in the recruitment process and require applicants to provide a series of dossiers, such as
resumes, identity cards, medical reports and academic certificates, and we forbid applicants who do not meet the employment
requirements from applying for the job. We adopt a “zero tolerance” approach to forced and exploitative labor practices
and the use of underage child labor. Our staff, suppliers and the community at large can report to the management of the
Company through multiple channels, such as phone calls and emails, if they find any related problems, and the relevant
departments will investigate and handle them in a timely manner. During the year, there was no child labor or forced labor in
the Company.

We have continuously optimized our remuneration system and formulated the Performance Management System (《績效管理
制度》) and the Remuneration Management System (《薪酬管理制度》), and imply the hybrid payroll model of “fixed wages +
performance incentives”. On the basis of providing our staff with a basic salary that is in line with the market, we have also
adopted a series of incentive measures to increase the performance bonuses for employees in key positions such as marketing,
research and development and sales, and to grant incentive pay to staff who have made outstanding contributions to the
company at our discretion


                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 103
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    We have established a comprehensive leave system and welfare protection system. In the Staff Manual (《員工手冊》), we have
    stipulated the leave system and related protection measures for our staff, who are not only entitled to all the statutory leaves
    stipulated by the country, including maternity leave and 5-15 days of annual leave, we will apply for and pay for various social
    security benefits for our staff in accordance with the relevant national and local regulations at the same time, such as old
    age, medical care, work injury, maternity, unemployment insurance and housing provident fund. In addition, the Company
    organizes various group activities on traditional festivals, so as to enhance cohesion and bring warmth to employees.


    PROTECTION OF HEALTH AND SAFETY
    Occupational Health System
    We have received the ISO 45001 occupational health and safety management system certification. Guofu Hydrogen has
    established a system for occupational health and labor protection, including the Occupational Safety And Health Regulatory
    System (《職業安全健康規章制度》), the Responsibility System for The Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases (《職
    業病防治責任制》), the Occupational Disease Hazard Notice System (《 職業病危害告知制度》), the Occupational Disease
    Hazard Declaration System (《職業病危害申報制度》), the Occupational Health Education and Training System (《職業衛生教
    育培訓制度》), the Management System for Labor Protection Supplies (Appliances) and Health Products (《勞動保護用品（具）
    和保健品管理制度》), the Occupational Disease Protection Facilities Maintenance System (《職業病防護設施維護制度》) and
    the Occupational Health Surveillance Screening and Diagnostic System (《職業健康監護體檢與診療制度》), so as to regulate
    occupational safety management duties, prevention and control of occupational diseases and labor safety protection.




104 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




We engage a qualified third-party company to evaluate the effectiveness of occupational disease control on an annual basis
and initiate continuous improvement based on this evaluation. For the operation positions that generate serious occupational
disease hazards, we have set up warning signs and Chinese warning instructions at conspicuous locations to inform the
operation personnel of the types of occupational disease hazards, consequences, prevention, and emergency treatment
measures. In addition, we not only provide our staff with labor protection products that comply with national regulations,
including PVC gloves, anti-virus, anti-dust masks, earplugs, and special protection for special positions that may come into
contact with chemicals, but also organize regular medical checkups for our staff, so as to protect their physical and mental
health.


PRODUCTION SAFETY SYSTEM
The health and safety of our staff is always our top priority. We strictly comply with the Work Safety Law of the PRC (《中華
人民共和國安全生產法》) and the Fire Protection Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國消防法》). In order to minimize the risk of
accidents and raise employees’ awareness of health and safety issues, we have (i) assigned specialists to handle production
safety accidents and keeping records; (ii) developed guidelines and manuals on operational safety and incident handling;
(iii) launched various kinds of training, including induction training and on-the-job training, and encouraging employees to
remain vigilant and responsible for their safety and health in the performance of their duties at work; (iv) installed fire safety
equipment and flammable gas alarms in accordance with relevant PRC laws and regulations (e.g., the Work Safety Law of
the PRC (《中華人民共和國安全生產法》)); and (v) required departments at production sites to keep records of regular safety
inspections, random checks of safety protection equipment, sign-in for safety training, hydrogen pipeline inspections and
equipment maintenance.


We have continuously improved our Emergency Response Plan (《應急預案》), specifying the response measures and procedures
for possible accidents or emergencies and arranging drills on a regular basis. To continuously strengthen safety awareness
among all employees, the Company has designated May of each year as Work Safety Awareness Month, regularly conducts
a series of activities, including safety training, themed awareness campaigns, and on-site emergency drills, comprehensively
enhance emergency response capabilities and risk prevention and control level. During the reporting period, the Company
carried out specialized initiatives focused on key risk areas in production and operations, organized and implemented multiple
practical drills, including emergency drills for accidents involving special equipment and pressure vessels, poisoning and
asphyxiation, hazardous chemicals, electric shock, heatstroke, and dust explosion hazards. These efforts effectively prevent
and mitigate various safety hazards while continuously promoting standardized and regulated safety management operations.
We also conduct regular inspections and checks on various safety aspects (e.g. fire-fighting, water and electricity usage and
wearing of protective gears) to ensure that all safety nodes in the production process are monitored in real time.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 105
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    During the Reporting Period, we did not experience any significant incidents, accidents or complaints that would have a
    material adverse effect on our business operations, nor did we suffer any significant administrative penalties for breaches of
    occupational health and safety at work.




    SUPPORTING EMPLOYEES DEVELOPMENT
    In terms of talent recruitment and development, the Company has launched the “Hydrogen Energy Leadership Talent
    Program,”(氫能領軍人才計劃) focusing on attracting top technical talent with over eight years of experience in fields such as
    liquid hydrogen, water electrolysis hydrogen production, and off-grid hydrogen production, as well as global management
    professionals with expertise in international markets, establishing a talent recruitment fund to provide competitive
    compensation packages and research condition for high-level talent; at the same time, the Company is building a multi-tiered
    employee development system. It plans to establish the “Guofu Hydrogen Scholarship” (國富氫能獎學金) in collaboration
    with top domestic and international universities to cultivate specialized hydrogen energy professionals, and to establish an
    internal training academy to enhance the skills of existing employees. Over the next five years, plans to recruit 50 specialized
    professionals and internally develop 100 core technical personnel to meet the expansion needs of various business areas.

    Regarding the development of employee platforms and ecosystems, the Company is committed to building a hydrogen
    energy industry talent ecosystem. Through initiatives such as hosting the Hydrogen Technology World Expo and launching
    the Hydrogen Energy Industry Talent Alliance, providing employees with platforms for industry exchange and professional
    growth; leveraging our presence in Shanghai, Zhangjiagang, and eight global assembly bases across Europe and South
    America, and establishing a cross-regional R&D network to broaden employees’ career development opportunities. In 2025,
    the Company will prioritize foundational work in talent development, finalize the “Third Five Talent Development Plan,”(《三
    五人才規劃方案》)conduct a talent inventory, and create a “Tiered and Departmental 9-Box Talent Matrix”(《分級及部門人
    才盤點九格圖》) to accurately identify employee development needs and talent gaps; concurrently, the Company establish
    preliminary partnerships with executive search firms, initiate discussions on industry-university collaborations with multiple
    top-tier universities, and advance the preliminary planning for the “Hydrogen Energy Leadership Position Talent Matching
    Program” (「氫能領軍崗位人才匹配計劃」) and the “100 Key Personnel Development Plan,” (「百名骨幹培養計劃」) laying a
    solid foundation for further employee development initiatives.

    We have established a sound talent cultivation mechanism and career advancement channels, thus our staff can enjoy a variety
    of benefits and extensive career development opportunities. Trainings of the Company adopt the mode of combining internal
    and external training. At the beginning of each year, the human resources department of the Company prepares the Annual
    Training Plan (《年度培訓計劃》) according to the needs of each business module and tracks the completion of trainings on a
    monthly basis. During the year, we achieved significant results in our talent development plan, with a 100% staff training rate
    and an average training hours of 8.2 hours per person.


106 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




PROTECTING EMPLOYEE’S RIGHTS
Based on the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of Minors (《中華人民共和國未成年人保護法》), the
Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labour (《禁止使用童工規定》), the Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic
of China (《 中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) and other laws and regulations as well as the requirements of the supervisory
authorities, we have established a sophisticated labour system and strictly complies with the Convention on the Minimum
Age for Employment (《准予就業最低年齡公約》), the Convention concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the
Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour (《禁止和立即行動消除最惡劣形式的童工勞動公約》), the 1930 Forced Labour
Convention (《1930年強迫勞動公約》) and other international conventions related to human rights.

We adopt a “zero tolerance” attitude towards forced, exploitative labour and child labour. If our staff, suppliers and all parties
of society discover relevant problems, they can report to the Company’s management through multiple channels such as
telephone and email for further investigation and treatment by the relevant departments in a timely manner. During the year,
the Company did not engage in child labour or forced labour.

The specific measures of the Company for the protection of employees’ rights and interests include:

1.     Equal employment: Ensure that there is no discrimination in the recruitment process and that fair assessments are made
       on the basis of ability, experience and job requirements, and prohibit prejudice on the basis of race, gender, age and
       other factors.

2.     Labor contracts: We sign legal and compliant labor contracts with our staff to clarify the rights and obligations of both
       parties and to protect the legitimate rights and interests of our staff.

3.     Compensation and benefits: Provide competitive salaries and benefits, such as social security, provident fund, paid
       vacation, etc., to ensure that employees receive reasonable compensation.

4.     Working environment: Provide a safe and healthy working environment, regularly inspect equipment to prevent
       occupational injuries, and equip necessary safety facilities.

5.     Training and development: Provide vocational training and promotion opportunities to help employees improve their
       skills and promote career growth.

6.     Complaint mechanism: establish a smooth complaint channel, employees can anonymously report misconduct, the
       company will promptly investigate and deal with.

7.     Privacy protection: Respect employees’ privacy, handle personal information appropriately, and do not disclose it
       without consent.

8.     Support from labor union: Support employees to join labor unions and protect their rights and interests through labor
       unions.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 107
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    Measurement Indicators (Social Responsibility)
    We have always adhered to the principles of diversity and inclusiveness, and are committed to developing an equal and diverse
    employment environment while continuously optimizing our staffing structure in order to maintain our internal and external
    competitiveness. The following table sets out quantitative data on the social performance of the Group in 2025.


      Social responsibility
      Category                                                                            Unit                   Data in 2025

                                                          Employee data1

      Employees                                                                  Total number                              529

      Gender                                                                             Male                              444

                                                                                       Female                                85

      Age                                                                            Below 30                              111

                                                                                        30-45                              337

                                                                                      Over 45                                81

      Education                                                                        Doctor                                 1

                                                                                       Master                                33

                                                                                     Bachelor                              179

                                                                                       Tertiary                            138

                                                                 Senior high school and below                              178

      Employment type                                                     Full-time employees                              528

                                                                                       Interns                                –

                                                                            Dispatched labour                                 1

                                                                          Part-time employees                                 –

      Position                                                            Senior management                                   6

                                                                         Middle management                                   56

                                                                         General management                                467




108 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Social responsibility
Category                                                                       Unit        Data in 2025

Region                                                              Guofu Hydrogen                 482

                                                        Hydrogen Cloud Research                      24
                                                                           Institute

                                                                Shanghai Qingmai                     23

                                    Monthly average employee turnover rate

Monthly average employee turnover                                     Total number                 6.83

                                                                      Turnover rate              1.27%

Turnover rate by gender                                                       Male               1.29%

                                                                            Female               1.27%

Turnover rate by age                                                      Below 30               2.41%

                                                                             30-45               1.11%

                                                                           Over 45               0.51%

Region                                                              Guofu Hydrogen               1.15%

                                                        Hydrogen Cloud Research                  3.46%
                                                                           Institute

                                                                Shanghai Qingmai                 1.50%

                                              Staff training data

Staff training                                                 Number of trained                   529
                                                                         employees

                                                             Percentage of trained             100.00%
                                                                         employees

Gender                                                                        Male                 444

                                                                            Female                   85

Position                                                      Senior management                       6

                                                             Middle management                       56

                                                            General management                     467




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 109
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Social responsibility
      Category                                                                                 Unit          Data in 2025

                                                        Average training hours for staff

      Average training hours                                                                  Hours                    8.2

      Gender                                                                                  Male                     8.2

                                                                                             Female                    8.2

      Position                                                                    Senior management                    8.2

                                                                                 Middle management                     8.2

                                                                                 General management                    8.2

                                                       Employee health and safety data

      Work-related mortality                                                                  2022                       0

                                                                                              2023                       0

                                                                                              2024                       0

      Number of lost days due to work injury                                                   Days                      0


    Note:

    1.      Employee data are calculated based on the monthly average in 2025.



    Supplier Management
    The Company has long been committed to working with suppliers from all over the world to build a mutually beneficial and
    win-win long-term relationship. We strictly comply with the Tendering and Bidding Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國招投標
    法》), the Anti-unfair Competition Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國反不正當競爭法》) as well as other laws and regulations.
    We have also established a comprehensive internal supplier management mechanism: Promote the good development of
    cooperative ecology through the Procurement System and Norms (《採購制度與規範》) and the Supplier Control Procedures
    (《供方控制程序》).




110 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Over the years, we have insisted on cooperating with suppliers from different regions, nationalities, cultures and backgrounds
to realize a diversified supply chain. At the same time, we place great emphasis on supply chain security and sustainable
development, and regard the localization of the supply chain as a key priority for ensuring stable supply and enhancing the
industry’s autonomy and control. The hydrogen energy equipment industry has traditionally relied heavily on overseas sources
for key components and core materials. In response to shifts in the industry’s supply chain, the Company is accelerating
the pace of domestic substitution, proactively collaborating with high-quality domestic suppliers on joint R&D, process
optimization, and technological synergy. While ensuring a stable supply of core materials, mitigating supply chain risks, driving
technological upgrades and capacity growth among local suppliers, building a secure, resilient, and sustainable localized
supply chain system, thereby promoting high-quality coordinated development across the entire hydrogen energy industry
chain.


In addition, when selecting suppliers, the Company will prioritize partners who share our sense of social responsibility and the
concept of sustainable development to ensure that we can obtain more healthy, safe and environmental-friendly products and
services, we consider the supplier’s initiatives in social responsibility and environmental management, whether to maximize
the use of environmentally friendly materials and whether to obtain the corresponding system certification. The Company also
attaches great importance to the environmental and social responsibility related to office supplies. The Company also attaches
great importance to environmental and social responsibility in relation to office supplies. For example, in the procurement of
consumables, we try to strike a balance between environmentally friendly products, user-friendliness and price.


PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY
Product Services and Complaints
Product is the cornerstone of enterprise development, to provide customer satisfaction is the company’s long-standing goal,
we are deeply committed to product quality management, and strictly comply with the Product Quality Law of the PRC (《中
華人民共和國產品質量法》), Regulations of the PRC on the Administration of Production License for Industrial Products (《中
華人民共和國工業產品生產許可證管理條例》) as well as relevant laws and regulations. We regard quality management as
an important part of the internal audit of the product, the establishment of a comprehensive quality management system,
including but not limited to the Production Process Control Procedures (《生產過程控制程序》), the Continuous Improvement
Control Procedures (《持續改進控制程序》), the Corrective and Preventive Measures Control Procedures《糾正和預防措施控制
程序》, the Customer Satisfaction Control Procedures (《顧客滿意度控制程序》), the After-Sales Service Management System
(《 售後服務管理制度》) and the Customer Complaint Management System (《 客戶投訴管理制度》), which comprehensively
covers quality objectives, quality control, quality acceptance, quality data statistics, quality dispute handling and other aspects,
as well as raw materials, product production process and factory products and other links.


The Company places great emphasis on establishing and refining its quality management system. Taking into account
the unique nature of hydrogen energy technology equipment, it has established a differentiated, comprehensive quality
management system tailored to the technical characteristics, application scenarios, and compliance requirements of
different products, thereby achieving the management objectives of coordinated operation across multiple systems and
continuous optimization. Regarding quality management throughout the product lifecycle, the Company strictly adheres
to the requirements of the ISO9001:2015 quality management system standard and integrating specific customer needs,
developed documented management procedures to standardize and control the entire process, including product design and
development, raw material procurement, manufacturing, inspection and testing, warehousing and logistics, installation and
commissioning, and after-sales service, to ensure the conformity, suitability, and effectiveness of the quality management
system, continuously enhances product quality stability and reliability, and consistently meets customers’ core expectations
regarding product quality.


                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 111
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    To further strengthen quality management capabilities and enhance product compliance and market recognition, the
    Company actively pursues certification under internationally expert recognized standards. To date, it has successfully
    obtained ASME (American Society of Mechanical Engineers) certification and IATF16949 automotive quality management
    system certification. In particular, the attainment of ASME certification signifies that the Company’s design, manufacturing,
    and inspection processes for core products, such as pressure-bearing equipment, meet international advanced standards,
    laying a solid foundation for product entry into global markets; the attainment of IATF16949 certification ensures that the
    Company’s quality management in the automotive supply sector meets industry-specific requirements, further enhancing the
    competitiveness of its products in this niche market.




    The company has consistently adhered to the quality management philosophy of “continuous improvement,” regularly audit
    and evaluate the operation of the quality management system, promptly optimizing and refining it in response to issues
    identified during operation to continuously enhance the system’s efficiency; at the same time, we closely monitor changes in
    industry standards, international regulations, and customer needs, and promptly adjust the quality management strategies and
    processes to ensure that product quality consistently meets market demands and compliance requirements. Moving forward,
    the Company will continue to deepen its commitment to product quality management and strengthen the development of
    the system, promote the refinement, standardization, and internationalization of quality management practices. By upholding
    higher standards of product quality, fulfill our responsibilities to our customers and society, thereby contributing to the
    Company’s sustainable development.


    Products, Services, and Complaints
    Since our establishment, we did not have any major product quality issues or recalls due to safety and health reasons. During
    the Reporting Period, we have not received any complaints related to our product quality.


    We have established a standardized customer satisfaction survey mechanism. Each year, we distribute the “External Customer
    Satisfaction Survey”(《外部顧客滿意度調查表》)to conduct a comprehensive assessment of customer needs, product quality,
    and service responsiveness across five core dimensions, which are products, delivery, technical support, sales representative
    support, and customer service. During the survey process, we prioritize key customers and new customers for targeted surveys
    to accurately identify the needs and feedback, continuously optimize product design, manufacturing processes and service
    procedures to enhance the customer experience and satisfaction.


112 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




When the products have significant or potential non-conformity, the company organizes the relevant departments to form an
internal quality audit team in accordance with the Internal Audit Management Procedures (《內部審核管理程序》) and carry out
the analysis of the causes, and at the same time take effective corrective or preventive measures to achieve continuous quality
improvement, so as to minimize the possibility of the occurrence of similar problems, and to prevent the reoccurrence of the
non-conformity that has already occurred, and the occurrence of the potential non-conformity. Specific operating procedures
are implemented in accordance with the quality management system document, namely the Corrective and Preventive
Measures Control Procedures (《糾正和預防措施控制程序》).


Protection of Intellectual Property Rights
We place a high priority on intellectual property protection, viewing it as a critical strategic asset for safeguarding the
outcomes of technological innovation, maintaining core competitive advantages, and supporting sustainable development.
The Company has established the “Intellectual Property Management Manual” (《知識產權管理手冊》) and related procedural
documents, which clearly define the end-to-end management requirements for the creation, application, maintenance,
utilization, and protection of intellectual property. These policies cover various forms of intellectual property, including
patents, trademarks, software copyrights, and trade secrets, and establish a management framework with clearly defined
responsibilities. The Technology Center and all R&D departments must strictly adhere to these regulations to ensure that
innovative achievements receive timely and standardized legal protection. For the research and development, production
and sales of the hydrogen energy equipment of the Company, the above processes in relation to the purchase of intellectual
property management activities in 2022 obtained the GB/T 29490-2013 intellectual property management system certification,
in order to eliminate the occurrence of infringement at the same time, and strive to protect all of the Company’s patents are
not infringed upon.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 113
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    We have established a dedicated intellectual property management department staffed by personnel with expertise in
    intellectual property. This department is responsible for coordinating the formulation and implementation of the Company’s
    intellectual property strategy, guiding R&D staff in conducting patent searches, identifying, and developing, and centrally
    managing intellectual property applications, maintenance, licensing, and dispute resolution. R&D project teams also have an
    intellectual property liaison who is responsible for cataloging and filing intellectual property outcomes for specific projects.


    We have deeply integrated intellectual property management into every stage of the technological innovation process. Prior to
    project initiation, we conduct systematic patent and technical intelligence searches and analyses to mitigate infringement risks
    and clarify technical roadmaps and innovation opportunities. During R&D, we encourage and promptly document technical
    breakthroughs and inventions, establish a technical disclosure system, and have the IP team conduct patentability assessments
    while guiding the drafting of high-quality application documents. Upon project completion and the delivery of results, we
    conduct systematic intellectual property evaluations and planning for the resulting technical achievements. We not only file
    foundational patents but also focus on building a network of peripheral patents around core technologies to establish effective
    protective barriers. For core technical know-how that should not be disclosed through patents, we incorporate it into the
    Company’s technology secret management system and protect it through measures such as confidentiality agreements and
    graded access controls.


    We have entered into Confidentiality, Intellectual Property Transfer and Non-competition Agreements (《保密、知識產權
    轉讓和不競爭協議》) with our key personnel, which specify the terms of intellectual property attribution, confidentiality
    requirements, and non-competition. During the validity period of the confidentiality contract, employees shall strictly observe
    the Company’s confidentiality system to prevent leakage of corporate commercial, technical and other secrets; shall not leak
    the Company’s commercial, technical and other secrets to others; and shall not utilize the Company’s commercial or technical
    secrets to carry out production and business activities, or to carry out new research and development using the technical
    secrets, without the Company’s written consent.


    All data stored in the Company through computers, information printed or copied, emails and instant messaging tools,
    are encrypted or recorded by the Institute through computer information security tools. IT department conducted weekly
    comparison of OA application data and backend decrypted data and documents sending paths, and data and behavior
    monitoring reports are issued to the board office, which conducts timely tracking and verification based on abnormal data
    or behavior, and issues confidentiality supervision notifications on a monthly basis, and the Human Resources Department
    imposes penalties on personnel violating this system based on the notification of supervision.


    Guofu Hydrogen places great emphasis on intellectual property protection and talent development, and comprehensively
    enhances employees’ intellectual property literacy through systematic and diversified training campaigns. In January 2025,
    a team of experts from the Zhangjiagang Market Supervision Administration visited our company to provide “one-on-one”
    specialized guidance, offered an in-depth interpretation of the annual intellectual property project application policies and
    operational guidelines, and held discussions on the cultivation of high-value patents and the transfer of research outcomes.
    This high-level guidance has provided critical support for our company’s intellectual property strategic planning. Building on
    this foundation, we have established a long-term internal training mechanism, incorporating intellectual property training
    into the mandatory curriculum for R&D staff and regularly conducting specialized seminars on topics such as patent portfolio
    strategy and business secret protection. In 2025, we did not face any intellectual property infringement claims that had a
    material adverse effect on the Group. Moving forward, we will continue to refine our training system, fostering a deep-rooted
    awareness of intellectual property in the daily work of every employee to safeguard the Company’s technological innovation
    and enhance core competitiveness.


114 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




CONSUMER PRIVACY PROTECTION
The Company established a Confidentiality Management System (《保密管理制度》), which categorizes company secrets into
Top Secret/Level 1, Confidential/Level 2, and Secret/Level 3. The specific scope of corporate secrets is determined by the
Board of Directors’ Office, as the Company’s administrative department responsible for classifying all departments materials.
The Confidentiality Management System stipulates the scope and standards for each classification level. Confidentiality
measures for the Company confidential materials are generally categorized into document and archive confidentiality, system
confidentiality, and technical confidentiality. Document and archive confidentiality management is carried out in accordance
with the Company’s Archives Management Measures. System confidentiality involves managing confidential materials in
accordance with the relevant provisions of the System, any violations will be handled in accordance with the Confidentiality
Management System.


The Company deploys Leagsoft security management software on office terminals to implement data encryption controls for
sensitive information and core materials, such as personal information, product design drawings, and financial data, thereby
achieving full lifecycle security protection for sensitive data. All sensitive data to be sent externally must undergo a decryption
request through the system and may only be decrypted and sent after approval by authorized personnel, ensuring that data
usage and transmission remain compliant and controllable.


ANTI-CORRUPTION MANAGEMENT
Bribery and corruption have always been prohibited. We strictly abide by the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC (《中華
人民共和國反洗錢法》) and other laws and regulations in relation to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering, which
prohibit corruption, bribery and other illegal behaviors. We constantly reiterate anti-corruption principles and regulations to
all employees and partners, and have established a series of preventive and supervisory measures to prevent corruption from
occurring.


We have established a number of anti-corruption management systems, including the Anti-Corruption and Reporting and
Complaints Management System (《反舞弊與舉報投訴管理制度》), the Sunshine Integrity Management System (《陽光廉政管理
制度》) and the Employee Integrity Management System (《員工廉潔管理制度》) and systems, so as to regulate the professional
behavior of the Company’s all employees (including middle and senior management), ensure all employees strictly comply with
relevant laws, industry norms and standards, professional ethics, and Company regulations and systems, and to establish a
good culture of honesty and diligence, so as to prevent the occurrence of behavior that is detrimental to the interests of the
Company and its shareholders.


We enter into an Integrity Agreement (《廉潔協議》) with suppliers, requiring the shareholders, directors, legal representatives,
and all employees of suppliers to commit to refraining from engaging in commercial bribery, firmly opposes all forms of
commercial bribery and corruption in its procurement and sales activities. If any personnel of the supplier, by taking advantage
of their official position, provide any benefits or gifts to the Company and its personnel that constitute commercial bribery, we
reserve the right to terminate all cooperation with the supplier and revoke their supplier status.


The Audit Department of the Company, as an organization directly under the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors,
is a standing organization for anti-fraud and anti-corruption work, and is responsible for organizing and executing inter-
departmental and company-wide anti-fraud and anti-corruption work. We have established and publicized reporting channels
through which all employees of the Company and social parties that have direct or indirect economic relationships with the
Company may report to the Company information on actual or suspected fraud and corruption by employees, including
complaints and reports on violations of professional ethics by employees of the Company, by means of reporting telephones,
e-mail boxes and other channels. We continue to provide training on integrity culture, compliance management and anti-
corruption to raise the awareness of all employees on anti-fraud and anti-corruption.


                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 115
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    We are proud to announce that there were no cases regarding corruption, bribery, blackmail, fraud or money laundering
    against the Group or its employees during the Reporting Period. Such achievement is due to our strict requirements for
    employees’ behaviors and our persistence in corporate governance, as well as our intensifying internal supervision and risk
    management mechanisms. We will continue to keep this high standard, and commit ourselves to improving employees’
    recognition of transparency and self-discipline through continuing training and advocacy, to maintain the good image and
    market leading position of the Company. In the future, we will further improve our anti-corruption reporting mechanism and
    provide anti-corruption trainings for Board members regularly.


    During the Year, we conducted a 2-hour anti-corruption training for our management of the Company and key personnel of
    all departments. A total of 45 employees participated the training.


    SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
    We are committed to becoming a leader in the field of hydrogen energy technologies and equipment. In the future, we
    will continue to adhere to promote the concept of green energy in product development, manufacturing and technological
    innovation and make sizeable contributions to the transformation of green energy, energy saving and carbon reduction and
    realization of the objective of “Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality (“碳達峰，碳中和”)”.


    We have always regarded driving local employment and improving people’s livelihoods as key aspects of social responsibility.
    In 2024, Zhangjiagang formulated and issued the Three-Year Action Plan for the High-Quality Development of the
    Hydrogen Energy Industry Cluster (2024–2026) (《氫能產業集群高質量發展2024至2026年三年行動計劃》) which outlines a
    comprehensive strategic layout across the entire hydrogen energy industry chain—including hydrogen production, hydrogen
    storage, hydrogen transportation, hydrogen refueling, hydrogen energy equipment, and hydrogen fuel cells, with a focus
    on building a leading hub for the hydrogen energy industry. As the Company’s core production and R&D hub, the Guofu
    Hydrogen Zhangjiagang headquarters fully leverages its role as a leading enterprise. We actively attract high-quality supply
    chain partners to Zhangjiagang, facilitating the coordinated establishment of upstream material, core component, system
    integration, and supporting service, to build a localized, integrated, and highly synergistic hydrogen energy equipment
    industrial cluster. Through continuous investment in and operation of large-scale, smart manufacturing bases, we are
    constantly refining our integrated supply chain system, encompassing production, storage, transportation, refueling, and
    consumption, to enhance our self-reliance and control over key materials and core components, and strengthen our global
    supply security capabilities. As the industry develops, we actively drive the upgrading of regional industrial chains and local
    economic growth, create a large number of high-quality jobs, support talent development and skills enhancement, and
    earnestly fulfill our social responsibilities. At the same time, we adhere to the principles of green and low-carbon development,
    driving technological innovation and efficient production in hydrogen energy equipment. By leveraging sustainable
    supply chain management to support the energy transition, we contribute to the sustainable development of society, the
    environment, and the economy.


    We have been actively responding to the government’s call to fulfill its social responsibility by attaching great importance to
    various social welfare activities. We attach great importance to our corporate role in establishing social values and leading the
    public in the awareness of civic responsibility. In response to the initiative of the Zhangjiagang Charity Federation, we have
    consistently made annual donations to the “Love Hong Kong City” Charity Fund over the years, establishing a regular donation
    mechanism. In 2025, we once again donated RMB 50,000 to the fund, demonstrating our commitment to corporate social
    responsibility through concrete actions and giving back to the local community.




116 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                               Independent Auditor’s Report

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
(江蘇國富氫能技術裝備股份有限公司)
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen Energy Equipment Co., Ltd. (江蘇國富氫
能技術裝備股份有限公司) (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages
122 to 129, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2025, and the consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated
statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material
accounting policy information and other explanatory information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at December 31, 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent
of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 117
    Independent Auditor’s Report




    KEY AUDIT MATTER (continued)

      Key audit matter                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


      Impairment assessment of trade receivables and
      contract assets


      As set out in Note 24 and Note 25 of the consolidated Our procedures in relation to management’s assessment on
      f i n a n c i a l s t a t e m e n t s , a s a t D e c e m b e r 3 1 , 2 0 2 5 , t h e impairment of trade receivables and contract assets included:
      gross value of trade receivables and contract assets were
      RMB806,159,000 and RMB28,994,000, net of allowance •                               Obtaining an understanding and testing the design
      for credit losses of RMB159,540,000 and RMB5,677,000                               and implementation of the relevant key controls on
      respectively.                                                                      how management determine the allowance for ECL;


      The expected credit losses (“ECL”) on trade receivables and •                      Challenging management’s basis and judgement in
      contract assets with credit-impaired are assessed individually,                    determining credit loss allowance on trade receivables
      which are measured as the difference between the asset’s                           and contract assets, including their identification of
      carrying amount and the present value of estimated future                          credit-impaired trade receivables and contracts assets,
      cash flows with the consideration of expected future credit                        the reasonableness of grouping of the remaining
      losses. The remaining is collectively assessed using a provision                   trade debtors in the provision matrix, and the basis of
      matrix through grouping trade receivables and contract assets                      estimated loss rates applied;
      based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to past
      due exposure and nature, size and industry for the customers, •                    Evaluating the appropriateness of management’s
      and the expected loss rates are estimated on the basis of                          assessment on customer grouping based on our
      the payment profiles of customers and the corresponding                            understanding of the Group’s business and operations
      historical credit losses, which were adjusted to reflect current                   and the credit risk characteristics of the relevant
      and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors                           customers;
      affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.
                                                                                •        Evaluating the competence, capabilities and
      We identified impairment assessment of trade receivables and                       objectivity of independent external valuer engaged by
      contract assets as a key audit matter due to the significance                      the management for impairment assessment of trade
      of the balance of trade receivables and contract assets and                        receivables and contract assets;
      the complexity of management’s estimates and judgements in
      assessing ECL mentioned above.                                            •        Testing, on a sample basis, the historical data used in
                                                                                         the calculation of the historical credit losses, including
                                                                                         the settlement records and the accuracy of the ageing
                                                                                         analysis of trade receivables and contract assets;


                                                                                •        Involving internal valuation specialists to evaluate
                                                                                         the ECL model, methodology and key assumptions
                                                                                         adopted by management.




118 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report




OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed,
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 119
    Independent Auditor’s Report




    AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS
    Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
    free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion
    solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
    responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
    level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material
    misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
    the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
    consolidated financial statements.


    As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
    throughout the audit. We also:


    •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
           or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
           and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
           fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
           misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


    •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
           appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
           internal control.


    •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
           disclosures made by the directors.


    •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
           evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
           on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
           to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
           disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
           date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
           concern.


    •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
           manner that achieves fair presentation.


    •      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
           the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We
           are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit.
           We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.



120 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine is matters that was of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and is therefore the key audit matter. We describe
this matter in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences
of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong Shun Yu (practising certificate
number: P06543).




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong


March 30, 2026




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 121
    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
    Other Comprehensive Income
    For the year ended December 31, 2025

                                                                                   Year ended    Year ended
                                                                                   31/12/2025    31/12/2024
                                                                           Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000


      Revenue                                                               5         346,374      458,609
      Cost of sales                                                                  (342,503)     (412,672)


      Gross profit                                                                      3,871       45,937
      Other income                                                          6          40,349       15,949
      Other gains and losses                                                7         (13,305)         371
      Impairment losses under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model,
        net of reversal                                                     8         (73,087)      (21,999)
      Selling expenses                                                                (47,273)      (46,894)
      Research and development expenses                                               (35,923)      (43,760)
      Administrative expenses                                                        (127,589)     (140,600)
      Listing expenses                                                                      –       (26,164)
      Share of results of associates                                        19         (6,211)       (2,662)
      Share of result of a joint venture                                                 (469)            –
      Finance costs                                                         9         (34,984)      (32,807)


      Loss before tax                                                       10       (294,621)     (252,629)
      Income tax (expense) credit                                           11        (87,063)      44,001


      Loss for the year                                                              (381,684)     (208,628)


      Other comprehensive income (expense)
      Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
      Fair value gain on investments in equity instrument at fair value
        through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                   2,932         2,233


      Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
      Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                  (634)         (200)
      Fair value gain on debt instruments at FVTOCI, net of income tax                   128             67


                                                                                         (506)         (133)


      Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                        2,426         2,100


      Total comprehensive expense for the year                                       (379,258)     (206,528)




122 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
        Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2025




                                                               Year ended           Year ended
                                                               31/12/2025           31/12/2024
                                                    Notes        RMB’000              RMB’000


(Loss) profit for the year attributable to
  – Owners of the Company                                         (382,974)           (210,280)
  – Non-controlling interests                                        1,290               1,652


                                                                  (381,684)           (208,628)


Total comprehensive (expense) income for the year
  attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                         (380,548)           (208,180)
  – Non-controlling interests                                        1,290               1,652


                                                                  (379,258)           (206,528)


Loss per share
  – Basic (RMB)                                      14              (3.57)              (2.12)




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 123
    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

    At December 31, 2025

                                                                                  31/12/2025   31/12/2024
                                                                          Notes     RMB’000      RMB’000


      Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                       15        923,840     816,144
       Right-of-use assets                                                 16        141,702      78,533
       Intangible assets                                                   17          9,126      11,024
       Investments in associates                                           19        131,985     155,390
       Investment in a joint venture                                                       –         469
       Equity instrument at FVTOCI                                         20        101,101      36,566
       Contract assets                                                     25          9,818      16,428
       Deferred tax assets                                                 21         25,982     112,959
       Prepayment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                     7,042       4,335
       Loan receivables                                                    23          3,880       1,320
       Trade and other receivables                                         24         70,712      65,081


                                                                                   1,425,188    1,298,249


      Current assets
        Inventories                                                        22        186,812     128,753
        Loan receivables                                                   23          1,910       1,430
        Trade and other receivables                                        24        626,709     623,962
        Contract assets                                                    25         13,499      10,370
        Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                         26         10,222      28,697
        Amounts due from associates                                        33        144,466      85,487
        Other financial asset                                                              –      18,502
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)    27        138,022      28,803
        Restricted bank deposits                                           28         49,826       4,413
        Cash and cash equivalents                                          28        427,375     335,863


                                                                                   1,598,841    1,266,280


      Current liabilities
        Trade and other payables                                           29        670,521     547,694
        Borrowings                                                         30        532,108     520,977
        Lease liabilities                                                              2,357         495
        Provisions                                                         32          1,291       3,735
        Financial liability at FVTPL                                                   2,051           –
        Contract liabilities                                               31         17,051       6,230
        Amount due to an associate                                         33              –         118
        Amounts due to related parties                                     33          1,079       2,395
        Deferred income                                                    34         54,068      49,882


                                                                                   1,280,526    1,131,526


      Net current assets                                                             318,315     134,754


      Total assets less current liabilities                                        1,743,503    1,433,003



124 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                       At December 31, 2025




                                                                                       31/12/2025              31/12/2024
                                                                      Notes              RMB’000                 RMB’000


 Capital and reserves
   Share capital                                                        35                120,076                 104,710
   Reserves                                                                             1,096,573                 886,315


   Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                         1,216,649                 991,025


   Non-controlling interests                                                               17,982                   1,883
 Total equity                                                                           1,234,631                 992,908


 Non-current liabilities
  Borrowings                                                            30                   481,983              405,602
  Lease liabilities                                                                            1,290                  519
  Provisions                                                            32                    11,758                7,771
  Deferred income                                                       34                    13,841               26,203


                                                                                             508,872              440,095


                                                                                        1,743,503               1,433,003


The consolidated financial statements on pages 122 to 129 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors
on March 30, 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                               Wu Pinfang                                       Wang Kai
                                Director                                          Director




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 125
    Consolidated Statement Of Changes In Equity

    For The Year Ended December 31, 2025

                                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                            Share-based                                     Non-
                                                             Share       Share      Capital       FVTOCI     Translation         payment Accumulated                  controlling
                                                            capital   premium       reserve       reserve        reserve          reserve      losses    Sub-total      interests       Total
                                                           RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


      At January 1, 2024                                    92,829     751,109       (5,258)       16,078           (495)          4,804     (293,676)    565,391            231     565,622
      (Loss) profit for the year                                 –            –           –             –              –                –    (210,280)    (210,280)        1,652     (208,628)
      Other comprehensive income (expense)
        for the year                                             –            –           –         2,300           (200)               –           –        2,100             –        2,100


      Total comprehensive income (expense)
        for the year                                             –            –           –         2,300           (200)               –    (210,280)    (208,180)        1,652     (206,528)
      Issue of shares (Note 35)                              5,881     219,480            –             –              –                –           –     225,361              –     225,361
      Issue of shares upon the initial public offering
        (“IPO”) (Note 35)                                    6,000     354,734            –             –              –                –           –     360,734              –     360,734
      Transaction costs attribute to issue of new shares         –      (12,764)          –             –              –                –           –      (12,764)            –      (12,764)
      Recognition of equity-settled share-based
        payments (Note 36)                                       –            –           –             –              –          60,483            –      60,483              –      60,483


      At December 31, 2024                                 104,710    1,312,559      (5,258)       18,378           (695)         65,287     (503,956)    991,025          1,883     992,908


      (Loss) profit for the year                                 –            –           –             –              –                –    (382,974)   (382,974)         1,290    (381,684)
      Other comprehensive income (expense)
        for the year                                             –            –           –         3,060           (634)               –           –        2,426             –        2,426


      Total comprehensive income (expense)
        for the year                                             –            –           –         3,060           (634)               –    (382,974)   (380,548)         1,290    (379,258)
      Issue of shares (Note 35)                             10,989     453,699            –             –              –                –           –     464,688              –     464,688
      Exercise of warrants (Note 35)                         4,377     156,439            –             –              –                –           –     160,816              –     160,816
      Transaction costs attribute to issue
        of new shares (Note 35)                                  –      (32,033)          –             –              –                –           –      (32,033)            –      (32,033)
      Acquisition of additional interests
        in subsidiaries (Note 19)                                –            –      (3,089)            –              –                –           –       (3,089)       (2,753)      (5,842)
      Capital contribution from non-controlling
        shareholders of subsidiaries                             –            –           –             –              –                –           –            –           450         450
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 19)                      –            –           –             –              –                –           –            –        17,112      17,112
      Recognition of equity-settled share-based
        payments (Note 36)                                       –            –           –             –              –          15,790            –      15,790              –      15,790


      At December 31, 2025                                 120,076    1,890,664      (8,347)       21,438         (1,329)         81,077     (886,930)   1,216,649        17,982    1,234,631




126 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                 Consolidated Statement Of Changes In Equity
                                                                                                     For The Year Ended December 31, 2025




Notes:

(i)      On 31 March 2025, Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Cloud New Energy Research Institute Co., Ltd. (張家港氫雲新能源研究院有限公司) (“Hydrogen
         Cloud Research Institute”), a subsidiary of the Group, entered into share transfer agreements with two individual shareholders of Shanghai
         Qingmai Engineering Technology Co., Ltd. (上海氫邁工程技術有限公司) (“Shanghai Qingmai”) to acquire the remaining 10% equity interests
         in Shanghai Qingmai at cash consideration of RMB3,842,000. The Group’s ownership interest in Shanghai Qingmai increased from 90% to
         100% accordingly. As control over Shanghai Qingmai was not changed, the transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction. The excess
         of the consideration over the carrying amount of the non-controlling interests, approximately RMB2,688,000, was recorded in capital reserve.

(ii)     On September 17, 2025, the Company entered into a share transfer agreement with Urumqi Longshengda Environmental Protection Technology
         Co., Ltd. (烏魯木齊市隆盛達環保科技有限公司) to acquire the remaining 5.71% equity interest in Xinjiang Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology
         Service Co., Ltd. (新疆國富氫能科技服務有限公司) (“Xinjiang Guofu”), a subsidiary of the Group, a cash consideration of RMB2,000,000. The
         Group’s ownership interest in Xinjiang Guofu increased from 94.29% to 100% accordingly. As control over Xinjiang Guofu was not changed,
         the transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction. The excess of the consideration over the carrying amount of the non-controlling
         interests, approximately RMB401,000, was recorded in capital reserve.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 127
    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

    For the year ended December 31, 2025

                                                                                     Year ended    Year ended
                                                                                     31/12/2025    31/12/2024
                                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000


      OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Loss before tax                                                                  (294,621)     (252,629)
      Adjustments for:
        Interest income on bank deposits                                                 (1,959)       (1,695)
        Interest income on loan receivables                                                (156)         (574)
        Interest income on amounts due from associates                                     (294)            –
        Finance costs                                                                    34,984       32,807
        Gain from changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                     (1,208)            –
        Loss from changes in fair value of financial liability at FVTPL                   1,284             –
        Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                   (75)          (73)
        Gain on termination of lease contracts                                                –           (37)
        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                    60,335       51,914
        Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                               4,971         3,696
        Impairment loss on investments in associates                                      5,964             –
        Write-down of inventories                                                         1,034         1,791
        Amortisation of intangible assets                                                 1,898         1,763
        Release of assets-related government subsidies                                   (1,578)       (2,062)
        Impairment losses under ECL model, net of reversal                               73,087       21,999
        Share of results of associates                                                    6,211         2,662
        Share of result of a joint venture                                                 469              –
        Unrealised gains relating to transactions with associates, net of reversal        1,232         1,018
        Equity-settled share-based payment expenses                                      15,790       60,483


      Operating cash flow before movements in working capital                           (92,632)      (78,937)
      (Increase) decrease in inventories                                                (59,093)      47,843
      Decrease in debt instruments at FVTOCI                                             18,636         4,912
      Increase in trade and other receivables                                           (67,864)     (213,065)
      (Increase) decrease in contract assets                                             (1,245)      11,282
      Increase in amounts due from associates                                           (47,560)      (22,556)
      Increase in provisions                                                              1,543          978
      Increase in trade and other payables                                               92,466      164,549
      (Decrease) increase in amounts due to related parties                              (1,316)         618
      (Decrease) increase in amount due to an associate                                    (118)         118
      Increase (decrease) in contract liabilities                                        10,821        (7,620)
      (Decrease) increase in deferred income                                             (9,398)      28,533


      Cash used in operations                                                          (155,760)      (63,345)
      Income tax paid                                                                      (119)            –


      Net cash used in operating activities                                            (155,879)      (63,345)




128 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2025




                                                                               Year ended           Year ended
                                                                               31/12/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Interest received from banks                                                         1,959               1,695
Assets-related government subsidies received                                         2,800               8,639
Proceeds on disposal of associates                                                       –                 384
Disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                                              114,484                   –
Purchases of financial assets at FVTPL                                            (222,495)            (28,803)
Purchase of other financial asset                                                        –             (18,502)
Disposal of other financial asset                                                   18,502                   –
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                         (133,218)           (203,086)
Payments for right-of-use assets                                                   (32,224)            (25,925)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                400                 425
Investments in associates                                                           (7,447)           (123,177)
Investment in a joint venture                                                            –                (469)
Purchase of equity instrument at FVTOCI                                            (61,603)                  –
Placement of restricted bank deposits                                              (72,115)            (24,504)
Withdraw of restricted bank deposits                                                26,702              41,310
Net cash outflow on acquisition of interest in subsidiaries                         (3,424)                  –
Loan to a third party                                                                    –                (452)
Loan to staffs                                                                      (3,000)                  –
Loan to associates                                                                 (21,173)                  –
Repayments of loan from a third party                                                   48              10,000
Advance payment of investment in an associate                                            –              (1,438)
Withdraw of investment in an associate                                               1,438                   –
Interest received from a staff                                                           –                  76

Net cash used in investing activities                                             (390,366)           (363,827)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Interest paid                                                                      (38,382)            (32,297)
Contribution from non-controlling shareholders                                         450                   –
Acquisition of additional interests in subsidiaries                                 (5,842)                  –
Proceeds from issue of new ordinary shares                                         623,437              28,600
Payments for transaction costs for the issue of new ordinary shares                (32,033)             (3,239)
Proceeds from issue of warrants                                                      2,834                   –
Proceeds from issue of shares upon the IPO                                               –             360,734
Payment of transaction costs attributable to issue of shares                          (280)            (11,784)
New borrowing raised                                                               706,037             528,650
Repayment of borrowings                                                           (617,516)           (440,014)
Payments of lease liabilities                                                       (1,582)             (1,158)

Net cash from financing activities                                                637,123              429,492

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                           90,878               2,320


Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                335,863              333,298
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                               634                  245

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                  427,375              335,863


                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 129
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

    For the year ended December 31, 2025

    1.     GENERAL INFORMATION
           Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen Energy Equipment Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was established in the People’s Republic of
           China (the “PRC”) on June 13, 2016 as a limited liability company. On August 31, 2020, the Company was converted
           into a joint stock company with limited liability under the Company Law of the PRC. The Company’s shares have been
           listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited since November 15, 2024 (the “Listing”). The
           respective address of the registered office and the principal place of business of the Company are No. 236 Guotai North
           Road, Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu Province, PRC.


           The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are production and sale of hydrogen
           equipment. Particulars and principal activities of the subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 44.


           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as the functional currency
           of the Company.


    2.     APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
           STANDARDS
           Amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective for the current
           year
           In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard as issued by the
           International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s
           annual period beginning on 1 January 2025 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:


           Amendments to IAS 21                                 Lack of Exchangeability


           The application of the amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard in the current year has had no material impact on
           the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in
           these consolidated financial statements.




130 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
     STANDARDS (continued)
     New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that have been
     issued but are not yet effective:


     Amendments to IFRS 9 and                              Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
         IFRS 7                                              Instruments2
     Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                       Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
     Amendments to IFRS 10 and                             Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
         IAS 28                                              Associate or Joint Venture1
     Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards               Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 112
     IFRS 18                                               Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
     Amendments to IAS 21                                  Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3

     1
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
     2
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
     3
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


     Except for the new IFRS Accounting Standard mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the
     application of all other amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the consolidated
     financial statements in the foreseeable future.


     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation and
     disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. This new IFRS Accounting
     Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements to present
     specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-
     defined performance measures in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and disaggregation
     of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to
     IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors (the title of which will be changed to Basis of
     Preparation of Financial Statements upon effective of IFRS 18) and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures. Minor
     amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 131
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    2.     APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING
           STANDARDS (continued)
           IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (continued)
           IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
           2027, with early application permitted. IFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific transition provisions. The
           application of the new standard is not expected to have significant impact on the financial performance and positions
           of the Group in terms of recognition and measurement. However, it is expected to affect the structure and presentation
           of the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Additional disclosures required for the Group’s MPMs will be disclosed
           in a separate note to the consolidated financial statements.


    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           3.1    Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
                  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued
                  by the IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered
                  material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition,
                  the consolidated financial statements include the applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing
                  the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by the Hong Kong Companies
                  Ordinance.


                  The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a
                  reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the
                  foreseeable future. Thus they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the
                  consolidated financial statements.




132 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information
           Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
           controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:


           •      has power over the investee;
           •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
           •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
           changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
           Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of
           during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
           from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.


           Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and
           to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the
           Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
           balance.


           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
           policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.


           All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
           members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


           Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
           represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
           relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 133
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
                  Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
                  subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components
                  of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the
                  subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-controlling interests
                  according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests.


                  Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of
                  the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.


                  Investments in subsidiaries
                  Investments in subsidiaries are stated in the statement of financial position of the Company at cost less
                  identified impairment loss, if any.


                  Investments in associates
                  An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
                  participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over
                  those policies.


                  The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements
                  using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates used for equity accounting
                  purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events
                  in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the
                  consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of
                  the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the associates
                  other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted
                  in changes in ownership interest held by the Group.


                  An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee
                  becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the investment
                  over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised
                  as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share
                  of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment,
                  is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.




134 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Investments in associates (continued)
           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired.
           When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested
           for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of
           value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is
           not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any
           reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable
           amount of the investment subsequently increases.


           When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a disposal of the
           entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.


           When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the transactions
           with the associate are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the
           associate that are not related to the Group.


           Changes in the Group’s interests in associates
           Acquisition of additional interests in associates

           When the Group increases its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the equity
           method, goodwill is recognised at acquisition date if there is excess of the consideration paid over the share
           of carrying amount of net assets attributable to the additional interests in associates acquired. Any excess of
           share of carrying amount of net assets attributable to the additional interests in associates acquired over the
           consideration paid are recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the additional interest are acquired.


           Revenue from contracts with customers
           Information about the Group’s accounting policies relating to contracts with customers is provided in Notes 5,
           25 and 31.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 135
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Property, plant and equipment
                  Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods
                  or services, or for administrative purposes other than construction in progress as described below. Property,
                  plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent
                  accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


                  Properties and equipment in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purpose are
                  carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing
                  the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
                  management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly and, for qualifying
                  assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Depreciation of these
                  assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.


                  When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land and
                  building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in
                  proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments
                  can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated
                  statement of financial position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease
                  building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as
                  property, plant and equipment.


                  Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than properties under construction less
                  their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives,
                  residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of
                  any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.


                  An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
                  are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement
                  of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and
                  the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.




136 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Costs of inventories are determined on
           a weighted average method. Net realizable value represents the estimate selling price for inventories less all
           estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include
           incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to
           make the sale.


           Leases
           The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at inception
           of the contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are
           subsequently changed.


           The Group as a lessee

           Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

           For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the
           Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-
           alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


           Non-lease components are separated from lease component and are accounted for by applying other applicable
           standards.


           Short-term leases

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of offices and staff apartments that
           have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option.
           Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 137
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Leases (continued)
                  The Group as a lessee (continued)

                  Right-of-use assets

                  The cost of right-of-use assets includes:


                  •       the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability; and


                  •       any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received.


                  Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
                  adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.


                  Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the
                  lease term.


                  The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
                  position.


                  Refundable rental deposits

                  Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and initially measured at fair
                  value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included
                  in the cost of right-of-use assets.


                  Lease liabilities

                  At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the present
                  value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the
                  Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the
                  lease is not readily determinable.


                  The lease payments are fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives
                  receivable.


                  After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.




138 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Leases (continued)
           The Group as a lessee (continued)

           Lease liabilities (continued)


           The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets)
           whenever:


           •      the lease term has changed, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the
                  revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.


           •      a lease contract is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease (see
                  below for the accounting policy for “lease modifications”).


           The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.


           Lease modifications

           The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:


           •      the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
                  assets; and


           •      the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
                  for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
                  circumstances of the particular contract.


           For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability
           based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised
           discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


           The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
           the relevant right-of-use assets. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more
           additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to
           each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate
           stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


           Sale and leaseback transactions
           The Group applies the requirements of IFRS 15 to assess whether sale and leaseback transaction constitutes a
           sale by the Group.


           The Group as a seller-lessee

           For a transfer that does not satisfy the requirements as a sale, the Group as a seller-lessee continues to
           recognise the assets and accounts for the transfer proceeds as borrowings within the scope of IFRS 9.
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 139
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Intangible assets
                  Intangible assets acquired separately

                  Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated
                  amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives
                  is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortization
                  method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being
                  accounted for on a prospective basis.

                  Research and development expenditures

                  Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

                  An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities is recognised if, and only if, all of
                  the following have been demonstrated:

                  •      the technical feasibility of completing the intangible assets so that it will be available for use or sale;

                  •      the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

                  •      the ability to use or sell the intangible assets;

                  •      how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

                  •      the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
                         use or sell the intangible asset; and

                  •      the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                         development.

                  The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred
                  from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-
                  generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the
                  period in which it is incurred.

                  Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated
                  amortization and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are
                  acquired separately.

                  Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
                  assets
                  At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
                  equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any
                  indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable
                  amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).

                  The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are
                  estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group
                  estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.


140 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
           assets (continued)
           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-generating
           unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated
           to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be
           established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating
           units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-
           generating unit or group of cash-generating units.


           Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use,
           the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
           current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating
           unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.


           If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
           amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
           For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent
           basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units,
           including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group
           of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash generating units. In allocating the
           impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
           amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not
           reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable)
           and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated
           pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised
           immediately in profit or loss.


           Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit)
           is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does
           not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised
           for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or the group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an
           impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 141
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Government grants
                  Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
                  conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.


                  Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group
                  recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically,
                  government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire
                  non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position and
                  transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.


                  Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already
                  incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are
                  recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under
                  “other income”.


                  Cash and cash equivalents
                  Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:


                  (a)    cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are subject
                         to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash; and


                  (b)    cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or
                         less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are
                         subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting
                         short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.


                  Employee benefits
                  Retirement benefit costs

                  Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans including state-managed retirement benefit
                  schemes in the PRC are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the
                  contributions.


                  Short-term employee benefits

                  Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid
                  as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense
                  unless another IFRS Accounting Standard requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.


                  A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual leave) after
                  deducting any amount already paid.



142 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Share-based payments
           Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

           Restricted shares granted to employees

           Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at
           the grant date.


           The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into
           consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period,
           based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase
           in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate
           of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting
           conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that
           the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based
           payments reserve. For shares that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the shares granted is
           expensed immediately to profit or loss.


           When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve will be
           transferred to share premium.


           Taxation
           Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.


           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from loss before tax
           because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable
           or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
           substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.


           Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
           consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
           Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are
           generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits
           will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets
           and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of assets and
           liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time of the
           transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 143
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Taxation (continued)
                  Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
                  subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference
                  and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets
                  arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the
                  extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits of the
                  temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.


                  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
                  extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset
                  to be recovered.


                  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
                  which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
                  substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.


                  The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
                  the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of each reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
                  amount of its assets and liabilities.


                  For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-
                  of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
                  attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.


                  For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies IAS
                  12 Income Taxes requirements to the lease liabilities and the related assets separately. The Group recognises a
                  deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
                  against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable
                  temporary differences.


                  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
                  against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income tax levied to the same taxable entity by the same
                  taxation authority.


                  Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised
                  in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also
                  recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.




144 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Provisions
           Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past
           event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be
           made of the amount of the obligation.


           The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present
           obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding
           the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation,
           its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is
           material).


           Provisions for the expected cost of assurance-type warranty obligations under the relevant contracts with
           customers for sales of products are recognised at the date of sale of the relevant products, at the directors’ best
           estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Group’s obligation.


           Financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
           provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
           derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that
           require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.


           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
           from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15. Transaction costs that
           are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial
           assets and financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or
           financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributed to the acquisition
           of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.


           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
           liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
           rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
           paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or
           discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter
           period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 145
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Financial instruments (continued)
                  Financial assets

                  Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

                  Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

                  •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
                          and

                  •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                          interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                  Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

                  •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting
                          contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets; and

                  •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                          interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                  All other financial assets the Group hold are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition
                  of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity
                  investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent
                  consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations
                  applies.

                  A financial asset is held for trading if:

                  •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

                  •       on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                          together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

                  •       it is a derivative that is not a designated and effective hedging instrument.

                  (i)     Amortised cost and interest income

                          Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                          subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments subsequently measured at FVTOCI. Interest income
                          is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset,
                          except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial
                          assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                          effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the
                          credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer
                          credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
                          amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination
                          that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.


146 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)

           (ii)    Debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI

                   Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI as a result
                   of interest income calculated using the effective interest method are recognised in profit or loss. All
                   other changes in the carrying amount of these debt instruments are recognised in other comprehensive
                   income and accumulated under the heading of FVTOCI reserve. Impairment allowances are recognised
                   in profit or loss with corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income without reducing
                   the carrying amounts of these debt instruments. When these debt instruments are derecognised, the
                   cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit
                   or loss.


           (iii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

                   Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and
                   losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
                   in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will
                   not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to
                   accumulated losses.


           (iv)    Financial assets at FVTPL

                   Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
                   designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.


                   Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair
                   value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss includes
                   any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other gains and losses” line
                   item.


           Impairment of financial assets and contract assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9

           The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit losses (“ECL”) model on financial assets
           (including loan receivables, trade and other receivables, amounts due from associates, debt instruments at
           FVTOCI, restricted bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents) and contract assets which are subject to
           impairment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting dates to reflect changes in credit risk
           since initial recognition.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 147
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Financial instruments (continued)
                  Financial assets (continued)

                  Impairment of financial assets and contract assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (continued)

                  Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of
                  the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL
                  that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after each reporting date.
                  Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are
                  specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the
                  reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.


                  The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets.


                  For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a
                  significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognizes lifetime ECL. The
                  assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or
                  risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.


                  (i)    Significant increase in credit risk

                         In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                         compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at each reporting date with the
                         risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this
                         assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
                         supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without
                         undue cost or effort.


                         In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                         increased significantly:


                         •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                                 or internal credit rating;


                         •       significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in
                                 the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;


                         •       existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                                 expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


                         •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


                         •       an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                                 environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                                 debt obligations.

148 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)

           Impairment of financial assets and contract assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (continued)

           (i)     Significant increase in credit risk (continued)

                   The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
                   significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable
                   of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


           (ii)    Definition of default

                   For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
                   developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
                   creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


           (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                   A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
                   estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
                   credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:


                   (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


                   (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


                   (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                          financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                          otherwise consider; or


                   (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                          reorganization.


           (iv)    Write-off policy

                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty
                   is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                   counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial
                   assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures,
                   taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any
                   subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 149
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Financial instruments (continued)
                  Financial assets (continued)

                  Impairment of financial assets and contract assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (continued)

                  (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL

                         The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude
                         of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default
                         and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL
                         reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of
                         default occurring as the weights.


                         Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
                         accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
                         effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.


                         Lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets are considered on a collective basis taking
                         into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                         macroeconomic information.


                         For collective assessment of trade receivables, the Group takes into consideration the following
                         characteristics when formulating the grouping:


                         •       Past-due status; and


                         •       Nature, size and industry of debtors.


                         The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue
                         to share similar credit risk characteristics.


                         Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                         financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of
                         the financial asset.


                         Except for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, the Group recognizes an
                         impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount,
                         with the exception of trade and other receivables, contract assets, amount due from a related party,
                         and amounts due from associates where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss
                         allowance account. For investments in receivables that are measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is
                         recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve without reducing
                         the carrying amount of these receivables. Such amount represents the changes in the FVTOCI reserve in
                         relation to accumulated loss allowance.


150 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)

           Foreign exchange gains and losses

           The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign
           currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. For financial assets measured at
           amortised cost that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange differences are recognised in
           profit or loss in the ‘Other gains and losses’ line item (Note 7) as part of the net foreign exchange gains.


           Derecognition of financial assets

           The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the assets
           expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
           asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
           ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset
           and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and
           rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and
           also recognises a collateralized borrowing for the proceeds received.


           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
           amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.


           On derecognition of an investment in debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss
           previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.


           On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to
           measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is not reclassified
           to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated losses.


           Financial liabilities and equity

           Classification as debt or equity

           Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with substance
           of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 151
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Financial instruments (continued)
                  Financial liabilities and equity (continued)

                  Equity instruments

                  An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
                  all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of
                  direct issue costs.


                  Financial liabilities

                  All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.


                  Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                  Financial liabilities including trade and other payables, borrowings, amount due to an associate and amounts
                  due to related parties are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.


                  Foreign exchange gains and losses

                  For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost at the end
                  of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortised cost
                  of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the ‘Other gains and losses’ line
                  item in profit or loss (note 7) as part of net foreign exchange gains for financial liabilities that are not part of a
                  designated hedging relationship.


                  Derecognition of financial liabilities

                  The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
                  cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
                  and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.


                  Borrowing costs
                  Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
                  are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added
                  to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.




152 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2     Material accounting policy information (continued)
             Borrowing costs (continued)
             Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or sale is
             included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general borrowings. Investment
             income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying
             assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.


             All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


             Foreign currencies
             In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
             functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on
             the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign
             currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms
             of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


             Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items,
             are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.


             For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
             operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group using exchange rates prevailing at the
             end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the
             period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at
             the date of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive
             income and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve.


4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 3, the directors of the Company are
     required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are
     not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience
     and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
     recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the
     revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
     end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
     of assets and liabilities within the next fiscal year.



                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 153
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    4.     KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (continued)
           Estimated impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
           assets
           Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are stated at costs less accumulated
           depreciation/amortization and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to
           exercise judgment and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators
           that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount,
           in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued
           use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable amounts
           including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable
           amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which the
           assets belong, including allocation of corporate assets when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be
           established, otherwise recoverable amount is determined at the smallest group of cash generating units, for which the
           relevant corporate assets have been allocated. Changing the assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates
           or the growth rate in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the recoverable amounts.


           Detail of the carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are disclosed
           in Notes 15, 16 and 17 respectively, and no impairment loss was recognised by the management of the Group during
           the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024: nil).


           Provision of ECL for trade receivables and contract assets
           Trade receivables and contract assets with credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually. In addition, the Group uses
           practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables and contract assets, which are not assessed individually using
           a provision matrix. The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors that have
           similar loss patterns taking into consideration the Group’s historical default rates and forward-looking information that
           is reasonable and supportable available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed
           default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.


           The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade
           receivables and contract assets are disclosed in Note 24, Note 25 and Note 42 respectively.


           Deferred tax assets
           As at December 31, 2025, deferred tax assets of RMB25,982,000 (2024: RMB112,959,000) in relation to deductible
           temporary differences have been recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position. No deferred tax
           asset has been recognised on the tax losses of RMB758,871,000 (2024: RMB73,199,000) and deductible temporary
           differences of RMB214,598,000 (2024: nil), for certain subsidiaries due to the unpredictability of future profit streams
           as at December 31, 2025. The realizability of the deferred tax asset mainly depends on whether sufficient future
           profits or taxable temporary differences will be available in the future. In cases where the actual future taxable profits
           generated are less or more than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which result in revision of future
           taxable profits estimation, a material reversal or further recognition of deferred tax assets may arise, which would be
           recognised in profit or loss for the period in which such a reversal or further recognition takes place.




154 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2025




5.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers


                                                                                           Year ended               Year ended
                                                                                           31/12/2025               31/12/2024
                                                                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000


             At a point in time recognition:
               – vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and
                    related products                                                           158,487                 279,089
               – equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and related
                    products                                                                     88,823                147,945
               – water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and
                    related products                                                             99,064                 31,575


                                                                                               346,374                 458,609



     (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies
            Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


            The Group sells vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and related products, equipment
            for hydrogen refueling stations and related products, water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and
            related products directly to customers.


            Revenue is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being when the goods have been delivered
            to customers and accepted by customers. Transportation and handling activities that occur before customers
            obtain control are considered as fulfilment activities. Following the customer acceptance, the customer has
            ability to direct the use of the products and bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the products.
            The normal credit term is within one year upon acceptance.


            Retention receivables, prior to expiration of defect liability period, are classified as contract assets, which ranges
            from 1 to 8 years related to vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and related products and
            1 to 2 years related to the remaining products from the date of the acceptance of the products. The contract
            assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional. The Group typically transfers
            a contract asset to trade receivables when the defect liability period expires. The defect liability period serves
            as an assurance that the products comply with agreed-upon specifications and such assurance cannot be
            purchased separately.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 155
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    5.     REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
           (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies
                   (continued)
                   Sales-related warranties can not be purchased separately and they serve as an assurance type of warranty that
                   the products sold comply with agreed-upon specifications. Accordingly, the Group accounts for warranties in
                   accordance with IAS 37. Please refer to Note 32 for details.


                   A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the Group has
                   received consideration from the customer.


           (iii)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contract with
                   customers
                   Contracts with customers were for periods of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price
                   allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.


           (iv)    Segment information
                   Information is reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker
                   (“CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment focuses on revenue analysis
                   of all products as a whole. The accounting policies are the same as the Group’s accounting policies described
                   in Note 3. No other discrete financial information is provided to the CODM for review other than the Group’s
                   results and financial position as a whole. Accordingly, the CODM has identified one operating segment and only
                   entity-wide disclosures, major customers and geographical information are presented in accordance with IFRS 8
                   Operating Segments.


                   Geographical information
                   The Group primarily operates in the PRC. The Group’s non-current assets are all located in the PRC.


                   Information about major customers
                   Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group
                   are as follows:


                                                                                              Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                              31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


                       Customer A                                                                  85,973                   N/A1
                       Customer B                                                                  46,398                   N/A1
                       Customer C                                                                  41,346                   N/A1
                       Customer D                                                                     N/A   1
                                                                                                                         105,930
                       Customer E                                                                     N/A   1
                                                                                                                          45,864


                   1
                            The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of total revenue of the Group.
156 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2025




6.   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                   Year ended                 Year ended
                                                                                                    31/12/2025                31/12/2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000                   RMB’000


      Government grants (Note)                                                                            35,237                   12,643
      Interest income on bank deposits                                                                     1,959                     1,695
      Electricity income                                                                                   2,123                          –
      Sales of scrap materials                                                                                580                    1,037
      Interest income on amount due from associates                                                           294                         –
      Interest income on loan receivables                                                                     156                      574


                                                                                                          40,349                   15,949


     Note:   The amounts represent government grants received from various PRC government authorities as incentives for the Group’s research
             and development activities and acquisition of property, plant and equipment. Some subsidies had certain conditions imposed by the
             respective PRC government authorities. The relevant conditions have been fully met upon recognition.


7.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                                   Year ended                 Year ended
                                                                                                    31/12/2025                31/12/2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000                   RMB’000


      Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                        75                        73
      Net foreign exchange (losses) gains                                                                 (6,664)                      200
      Gain from changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                         1,208                          –
      Loss from changes in fair value of financial liabilities at FVTPL                                   (1,284)                         –
      Impairment loss on investments in associates                                                        (5,964)                         –
      Gain on termination of lease contracts                                                                     –                       37
      Others                                                                                                 (676)                       61


                                                                                                         (13,305)                      371




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 157
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    8.     IMPAIRMENT LOSSES UNDER EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS MODEL, NET OF
           REVERSAL

                                                                                         Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                         31/12/2025            31/12/2024
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


            Impairment losses, net of reversal, recognised on:
               trade receivables                                                              58,716                23,135
               contract assets                                                                  4,726               (2,126)
               other receivables                                                                 (471)                    253
               loan receivables                                                                    68                       –
               amounts due from associates                                                    10,048                      885
               amount due from a related party                                                      –                 (148)


                                                                                              73,087                21,999



           Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 42.


    9.     FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                         Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                         31/12/2025            31/12/2024
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000


            Interest on borrowings                                                            37,373                33,091
            Interest on lease liabilities                                                        119                       73


                                                                                              37,492                33,164


            Less: amounts capitalised in the cost of construction in progress                  (2,508)                (357)


                                                                                              34,984                32,807



           Borrowing costs capitalised during the year arose on the specific borrowings and are calculated by applying a
           capitalisation rate ranging from 3.50% to 5.05% (2024: 3.95%) per annum to expenditure on qualifying assets.




158 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2025




10. LOSS BEFORE TAX
   Loss before tax for the year has been arrived at after charging:


                                                                             Year ended           Year ended
                                                                             31/12/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000


    Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (Note 12)                               9,120              21,887
    Other staff costs:
      – salaries and other benefits                                               81,597              79,699
      – discretionary bonuses                                                      1,146               1,382
      – retirement benefit scheme contributions                                   18,721              17,668
      – equity-settled share-based payments                                       10,085              42,640


    Total staff costs                                                           120,669              163,276
    Capitalised in inventories                                                   (25,743)            (28,768)


                                                                                  94,926             134,508


    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 60,335              51,914
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                            4,971               3,696
    Amortisation of intangible assets                                              1,898               1,763


    Total depreciation and amortization                                           67,204              57,373


    Capitalised in inventories                                                   (41,858)            (25,529)


                                                                                  25,346              31,844


    Auditors’ remuneration                                                         3,560               2,300
    Cost of inventories recognised as expenses (including write-down of
      inventories amounting to RMB1,034,000 (2024: RMB1,791,000))               342,503              412,672




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 159
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CREDIT)

                                                                                           Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                            31/12/2025            31/12/2024
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


            Current tax                                                                              119                    –
            Deferred tax (Note 21)                                                                 86,944            (44,001)


                                                                                                   87,063            (44,001)



           Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law,
           the statutory tax rate of the Company and the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.


           The Company was accredited as a “High and New Technical Enterprise” (“HNTE”) in November 2021 and November
           2024, respectively. Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute was accredited as a HNTE in November 2023. Therefore, the
           Company and Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute were both entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for both
           years.


           Beijing Guofu Wanjia Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (北京國富萬家氫能科技有限公司) (“Beijing Guofu”),
           Sichuan Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (四川國富氫能科技有限公司) (“Sichuan Guofu”), Shanghai
           Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology Equipment Co., Ltd. (上海國富氫能技術裝備有限公司) (“Shanghai Guofu”),
           Shanghai Qingping Technology Equipment Co., Ltd. (上海氫平技術裝備有限公司) (“Shanghai Qingping”), Jiaxing
           Guofu Hydrogen Energy Special Equipment Co., Ltd. (嘉興國富氫能特種設備有限公司) (“Jiaxing Guofu”), Manas
           Longshengda Yudu Hydrogen Technology Co., Ltd. (瑪納斯隆盛達玉都氫能科技有限公司) (“Yudu Hydrogen“),
           Urumqi Outejie Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd. (烏魯木齊市歐特捷環保科技有限公司) (“Urumqi
           Outejie“), Inner Mongolia Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (內蒙古國富氫能科技有限公司) (“Inner
           Mongolia Guofu”) and Shanghai Qingmai Engineering Technology Co., Ltd. (上海氫邁工程技術有限公司)
           (“Shanghai Qingmai”), subsidiaries of the Group, were subject to “small and thin-profit enterprises”. These entities
           enjoyed the preferential policy of calculating the taxable income at a reduced rate of 25% and levying corporate
           income tax at a rate of 20% during the two years ended December 31, 2024 and 2025.




160 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2025




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CREDIT) (continued)
    The tax expense (credit) for the year can be reconciled to the loss before tax per the consolidated statement of profit
    or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                                   Year ended                 Year ended
                                                                                                    31/12/2025                31/12/2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000                   RMB’000


     Loss before tax                                                                                   (294,621)                 (252,629)
     Income tax credit calculated at 25%                                                                (73,655)                   (63,157)
     Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible for tax purpose                                        1,605                     1,435
     Tax effect of additional deduction of research and
        development expenses (note)                                                                     (10,231)                   (11,770)
     Tax effect of deductible temporary differences not recognised                                       33,077                         (74)
     Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                            132,572                      2,836
     Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                                  (4,046)                   (3,026)
     Income tax at concessionary rates                                                                     7,741                   29,755


                                                                                                         87,063                    (44,001)


    Note:   Pursuant to Caishui 2023 circular No. 7, the Group are entitled to claim 200% qualified research and development expenses incurred
            as tax deductible expenses when determining their assessable profit for both years.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 161
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    12. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S EMOLUMENTS
        AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
           Executive and non-executive directors and supervisors


            Name                              Position                             Date of appointment


            Mr. Wu Pinfang                    Chief executive officer              March 23, 2020
                                              Executive Director
            Mr. Wang Kai                      Executive Director                   October 13, 2017
            Mr. Shi Jian                      Executive director                   April 10, 2021
                                                                                     (Resigned on July 31, 2025)
            Mr. Zhou Lin                      Non-executive director               September 18, 2019
                                                                                     (Resigned on December 9, 2025)
            Mr. Gu Yanjun                     Non-executive director               October 13, 2017
            Ms. Liu Yilin                     Non-executive director               January 2, 2024
            Ms. Zhao Jing                     Supervisor                           February 21, 2023
                                              Non-executive Director               December 29,2025
            Mr. He Guangliang                 Supervisor                           August 12, 2020
            Mr. Kuang Kaifeng                 Supervisor                           February 21, 2023
                                                                                     (Resigned on November 21, 2025)
            Mr. Yuan Ruichen                  Supervisor                           November 21,2025
            Mr. Zhang Yongjun                 Independent non-executive director   August 20, 2021
            Mr. Zou Jiasheng                  Independent non-executive director   August 20,2021
            Mr. Chen Heping                   Independent non-executive director   April 20, 2021
                                                                                     (Resigned on February 18, 2024)
            Ms. Tong Sze Wan                  Independent non-executive director   February 18, 2024




162 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025




12. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S EMOLUMENTS
    AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (continued)
    Executive and non-executive directors and supervisors (continued)
    Details of the emoluments paid or payable to the directors and supervisors of the Company for the service provided to
    the Group during both years are as follows:


                                                           Retirement
                                          Salaries and         benefit
                                                  other        scheme     Share-based Discretionary
                                              benefits contributions        payments          bonuses             Total
                                             RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


    For the year ended
      December 31, 2025
    Executive directors:
    Mr. Wu Pinfang                                 673                –          3,320                –          3,993
    Mr. Wang Kai                                   624              74                –               –            698
    Mr. Shi Jian                                   241              43              64                –            348


    Non-executive directors:
    Mr. Zhou Lin                                    70                –               –               –              70
    Mr. Gu Yanjun                                   70                –               –               –              70
    Ms. Liu Yilin                                   70                –               –               –              70
    Ms. Zhao Jing                                     –               –               –               –               –


    Independent non-executive
      directors:
    Ms. Tong Sze Wan                               162                –               –               –            162
    Mr. Zou Jiasheng                                80                –               –               –              80
    Mr. Zhang Yongjun                               80                –               –               –              80


    Supervisors:
    Mr. He Guangliang                              302              45           1,612                –          1,959
    Mr. Yuan Ruichen                                11                3               –               –              14
    Ms. Zhao Jing                                  303              63             645                –          1,011
    Mr. Kuang Kaifeng                              427              74              64                –            565


                                                  3,113            302           5,705                –          9,120




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 163
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    12. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S EMOLUMENTS
        AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (continued)
           Executive and non-executive directors and supervisors (continued)


                                                                    Retirement
                                                   Salaries and         benefit
                                                          other         scheme      Share-based     Discretionary
                                                       benefits   contributions       payments           bonuses          Total
                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000


           For the year ended
             December 31, 2024
           Executive directors:
           Mr. Wu Pinfang                                  672                –            9,830             200        10,702
           Mr. Wang Kai                                    624               74                –             100           798
           Mr. Shi Jian                                    422               74              207              43           746

           Non-executive directors:
           Mr. Zhou Lin                                      70                –               –                   –        70
           Mr. Gu Yanjun                                     70                –               –                   –        70
           Ms. Liu Yilin                                     70                –               –                   –        70

           Independent non-executive
             directors:
           Ms. Tong Sze Wan                                143                 –               –                   –       143
           Mr. Zhang Yongjun                                80                 –               –                   –        80
           Mr. Zou Jiasheng                                 80                 –               –                   –        80
           Mr. Chen Heping                                  33                 –               –                   –        33

           Supervisors:
           Mr. He Guangliang                               254               45            5,458               43        5,800
           Ms. Zhao Jing                                   302               63            2,070               66        2,501
           Mr. Kuang Kaifeng                               432               74              278               10          794


                                                         3,252              330          17,843              462        21,887


           The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
           affairs of the Company and the Group.


           The discretionary bonuses are determined based on the duties and performances of the relevant individuals and the
           operating result of the Group.


           None of the directors of the Company waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the years ended December
           31, 2025 and 2024.


           During the year ended December 31, 2025, no directors and supervisors were granted restricted shares, in respect of
           their services to the Group. Details are set out in Note 36 to the consolidated financial statements.

164 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025




12. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S EMOLUMENTS
    AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (continued)
    Executive and non-executive directors and supervisors (continued)
    Five highest paid employees
    The five highest paid individuals of the Group during the year included one (2024: one) director of the Company.
    Details of whose remuneration are set out above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four (2024:
    four) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive officer of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                     Year ended              Year ended
                                                                                      31/12/2025            31/12/2024
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


     Salaries and other benefits                                                            1,408                 1,779
     Discretionary bonuses                                                                       –                  141
     Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                                  220                   268
     Share-based payments                                                                   5,928                19,312


                                                                                            7,556                21,500



    The emoluments of the five highest paid individuals are within the following bands:


                                                                                     Year ended              Year ended
                                                                                      31/12/2025            31/12/2024
                                                                                            No. of                No. of
                                                                                      Individuals             individuals


     Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) 1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                         2                       –
     HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                                1                       1
     HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                –                       1
     HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                1                       –
     HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                                1                       –
     HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                                –                       1
     HK$11,500,001 to HK$12,000,000                                                              –                       1
     HK$12,000,001 to HK$12,500,000                                                              –                       1


                                                                                                 5                       5



    During both years, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the executive director, non-executive directors,
    independent non-executive directors, or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the
    Group or as compensation for loss of office.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 165
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    13. DIVIDENDS
           No dividend was paid or declared by the Company during 2025, nor has any dividend been proposed since the end of
           the reporting period (2024: nil).


    14. LOSS PER SHARE

                                                                                        Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                         31/12/2025           31/12/2024


            Loss (RMB’000):
            Loss for the purpose of calculating basic loss per share                       (382,974)            (210,280)


            Number of shares (‘000):
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
               the purpose of basic loss per share calculation                              107,228               99,406


            Loss per share (RMB)
            – Basic                                                                            (3.57)               (2.12)




166 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2025




15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                 Buildings    Machinery
                                       and         and      Furniture       Motor Construction
                                 structures   equipment    and fixture    vehicles   in progress        Total
                                  RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


    COST
    At January 1, 2024             542,242       97,426        23,098       3,921        90,342      757,029
    Additions                        2,035        7,737         2,796       1,373       164,446      178,387
    Transfers                       17,885      135,356              –          –      (153,241)            –
    Disposals                            –            –          (162)       (752)            –          (914)


    At December 31, 2024           562,162      240,519        25,732       4,542       101,547      934,502
    Additions                       16,680        8,494         1,528         324       135,609      162,635
    Acquired on acquisition of
      subsidiaries                       –            –            30         226         5,465        5,721
    Transfers                       58,903       55,418              –          –      (114,321)            –
    Disposals                            –         (360)           (70)      (389)            –          (819)


    At December 31, 2025           637,745      304,071        27,220       4,703       128,300     1,102,039


    DEPRECIATION
    At January 1, 2024              30,705       23,352        10,982       1,967             –       67,006
    Provided for the year           28,812       16,813         5,599         690             –       51,914
    Disposals                            –            –            (78)      (484)            –          (562)


    At December 31, 2024            59,517       40,165        16,503       2,173             –      118,358
    Provided for the year           29,319       26,170         4,033         813             –       60,335
    Disposals                            –         (112)           (13)      (369)            –          (494)


    At December 31, 2025            88,836       66,223        20,523       2,617             –      178,199


    CARRYING AMOUNTS
    At December 31, 2025           548,909      237,848         6,697       2,086       128,300      923,840


    At December 31, 2024           502,645      200,354         9,229       2,369       101,547      816,144




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 167
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
           The above items of property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are depreciated on a straight-
           line basis, after taking into account of the residual value, over the following period:


           Buildings and structures                                         10 – 20 years
           Machinery and equipment                                          8 – 10 years
           Motor vehicles                                                   5 years
           Furniture and fixture                                            3 – 5 years


           The Group has pledged buildings and construction in progress with carrying amounts of RMB 556,508,000 (2024:
           RMB503,988,000) and equipment with carrying amounts of RMB51,978,000 (2024: RMB22,367,000) to secure
           general banking facilities granted to the Group.


    16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                          Leasehold                   Leased
                                                                                lands            properties                Total
                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000            RMB’000


            At January 1, 2024                                                54,178                   1,132              55,310
            Addition for the year                                             25,925                   1,498              27,423
            Termination of lease contract                                             –                 (504)               (504)
            Depreciation charge for the year                                   (2,694)                 (1,002)            (3,696)


            At December 31, 2024                                              77,409                   1,124              78,533
            Addition for the year                                             32,224                   4,096              36,320
            Acquired on acquisition of subsidiaries                           31,820                        –             31,820
            Depreciation charge for the year                                   (3,464)                 (1,507)            (4,971)


            At December 31, 2025                                             137,989                   3,713             141,702


                                                                                                Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                                31/12/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


            Expenses relating to short-term leases                                                       580                 563
            Total cash outflow for leases                                                             34,386              27,646



           During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the leasehold lands of the Group represented the prepaid lease
           payment for lands located in the PRC with the fixed period of 30 years to 50 years. The remaining lease term is 24 years
           to 46 years as at December 31, 2025 (2024: 25 years to 47 years).



168 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025




16. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)
    For both years, the Group leased various properties for its operating activities. Lease contracts were entered into for
    fixed terms of 2 years to 3 years (2024: 2 years to 3 years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and
    contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the
    non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract
    is enforceable.


    The Group has pledged leasehold lands with carrying amounts of RMB96,193,000 (2024: RMB77,409,000) to secure
    general banking facilities granted to the Group.


    The Group’s lease liabilities of RMB3,647,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of RMB3,713,000 as at
    December 31, 2025 (2024: lease liabilities of RMB1,014,000 and related right-of-use assets of RMB1,124,000). The
    lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by
    the lessor. Except for the leasehold lands, leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


    The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for various properties. As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, the
    portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense
    disclosed above.


    Sale and leaseback transactions – seller-lessee
    To better manage the Group’s capital structure and financing needs, the Group sometimes enters into sale and
    leaseback arrangements in relation to machinery leases. These legal transfers do not satisfy the requirements of IFRS
    15 to be accounted for as a sale of the machinery. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group has raised
    borrowings of RMB17,274,000(2024: RMB44,711,000) in respect of such sale and leaseback arrangements. Details of
    the borrowings are set out in Note 30.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 169
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                       Non-patented
                                                                        technologies                  Patent                   Total
                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000


            COST
            At January 1, 2024 and
               December 31, 2024 and 2025                                      16,324                   1,941                 18,265


            AMORTISATION
            At January 1, 2024                                                  (4,897)                  (581)                (5,478)
            Charge for the year                                                 (1,634)                  (129)                (1,763)


            At December 31, 2024                                                (6,531)                  (710)                (7,241)
            Charge for the year                                                 (1,769)                  (129)                (1,898)


            At December 31, 2025                                                (8,300)                  (839)                (9,139)


            CARRYING AMOUNTS
            At December 31, 2025                                                8,024                   1,102                  9,126


            At December 31, 2024                                                9,793                   1,231                 11,024


           The above intangible assets have finite useful lives. Such intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over the
           following periods:


           Non-patented technologies                                        10 years
           Patent                                                           15 years




170 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025




18. IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT ON PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-
    OF-USE ASSETS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the slow recovery of market demand in the hydrogen energy industry
   leading to recurring operating losses of the Group, the management of the Group concluded there was indication of
   impairment loss and conducted impairment assessment on machinery and equipment, furniture and fixture, motor
   vehicles, leased properties and intangible assets with carrying amounts of RMB259,470,000 as at December 31, 2025.


   The recoverable amount of these machinery and equipment, furniture and fixture, motor vehicles, leased properties
   and intangible assets has been determined based on a value in use calculation, which uses cash flow projections based
   on financial budgets approved by the management of the Group. The financial budgets covered a four-year period (the
   “Period”) since the management anticipated a longer time for the Group to reach a stable growth state, especially
   taking into account the fact that the hydrogen energy industry is in its early developing stage with fast growth and the
   Group is going to develop rapidly in the coming years. The key assumptions of the financial budgets included annual
   growth rates within the Period, growth rate to extrapolate cash flows beyond the Period and pre-tax discount rate. The
   values to the assigned key assumptions were determined based on the Group’s past performance and management
   expectations for the market development. During the Period, the annual growth rates ranged from 12.81% to 27.38%
   as at December 31, 2025. The cash flows beyond the Period are extrapolated using 2% growth rate, which is based on
   the industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the relevant industry. Pre-
   tax discount rate of 12.81% was used to reflect market assessment of time value and the specific risks relating to the
   above mentioned assets for the impairment review as at December 31, 2025.


   Management of the Group determined that there was no impairment on the property, plant and equipment, right-of-
   use assets and intangible assets for the year ended 31 December 2025.


19. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                      31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000


    Cost of investments in associates                                                     149,299                169,909
    Share of loss and total comprehensive expenses                                          (7,463)               (5,900)
    Unrealised gains relating to transactions with associates,
      net of reversal                                                                       (9,851)               (8,619)


                                                                                          131,985               155,390




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 171
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    19. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
           Details of each of the Group’s principal associates at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                     Principal         Proportion of ownership
                                                       Country of    place of         interest and voting rights
            Name of associates                         incorporation business             held by the Group        Principal activities
                                                                                      31/12/2025     31/12/2024


            Jiangsu Jiahua hydrogen Technology         China         Jiangsu                10%             10%    Sales of hydrogen-related
               Co., Ltd. (江蘇嘉化氫能科技有限公司)                                                                              equipment
               (“Jiahua Hydrogen”) (Note i)

            Qilu Hydrogen Energy (Shandong)   China                  Shandong              22.5%          22.5%    Sales of hydrogen-related
              Development Co., Ltd. (齊魯氫能（山東）                                                                        equipment
              發展有限公司) (“Qilu Hydrogen”)

            Huajiu Hydrogen Energy (Henan) Co., Ltd.   China         Henan               13.02%          13.02%    Sales of chemical products
              (華久氫能源（河南）有限公司) (“Huajiu
              Hydrogen”) (Note ii)

            Manas Longshengda Yudu Hydrogen China                    Xinjiang            70.09%             40%    Sales of hydrogen-related
             Technology Co., Ltd. (瑪納斯隆盛達玉都                                                                          equipment
             氫能科技有限公司) (“Yudu Hydrogen”)
             (Note 44)

            Inner Mongolia Mengfa Guofu Hydrogen       China         Inner Mongolia         40%             40%    Sales of hydrogen refueling
              Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (內蒙古蒙                                                                      stations equipment and
              发国富氫能科技有限公司) (“Mengfa                                                                                  related products
              Guofu”) (Note iii)

            Broaden Energy Hydrogen Solutions-L.L.C    United Arab   Abu Dhabi              20%             20%    Sales of hydrogen-related
              (“Broaden Energy”) (Note iv)               Emirates                                                    equipment

            Urumqi Outejie Environmental Protection China            Xinjiang            69.32%             45%    Sales of hydrogen refueling
              Technology Co., Ltd. (烏魯木齊市歐特捷                                                                         stations equipment and
              環保科技有限公司) (“Urumqi Outejie”)                                                                           related products
              (Note 44)

            Hutubi Longshengda Jinhua Hydrogen         China         Xinjiang               40%             40%    Sales of hydrogen refueling
              Technology Service Co., Ltd. (呼圖壁                                                                      stations equipment and
              隆盛達錦華氫能科技服務有限公司)                                                                                       related products
              (“Longshengda Jinhua”) (Note v)

            Guangdong Funiuniu Hydrogen Technology China             Guangdong              20%                –   Sales of hydrogen-related
             Co., Ltd. (廣東富牛牛氫能科技有限公司)                                                                               equipment
             (“Funiuniu”) (Note vi)




172 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2025




19. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
    Notes:

    i.          The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Jiahua Hydrogen because it has the power to appoint one out of the five
                directors of Jiahua Hydrogen under the articles of association of Jiahua Hydrogen.

    ii.         The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Huajiu Hydrogen because it has the power to appoint two out of the five
                directors of Huajiu Hydrogen under the articles of association of Huajiu Hydrogen.

    iii.        In February 2024, the Group contributed cash of RMB100,000,000 as capital injection in Mengfa Guofu and held 40% of its voting
                rights as at December 31, 2025 and 2024.

    iv.         In May and December 2024, Guofuhee Holdings Pte. Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, contributed cash of United States dollars (“USD”)
                800,000 (equivalent to RMB5,751,000) as capital injection in Broaden Energy. In January 2025, Singapore Guofu contributed additional
                cash of United States dollars (“USD”) 300,000 (equivalent to RMB2,109,000) as capital injection in Broaden Energy and held 20% of
                its voting rights as at December 31, 2025 and 2024. The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Broaden Energy.

    v.          In June and August 2024, Xinjiang Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology Service Co., Ltd. (新疆國富氫能科技服務有限公司) (“Xinjiang
                Guofu”), a subsidiary of the Group, contributed cash of RMB1,800,000 as capital injection in Longshengda Jinhua and held 40% of
                its voting rights as at December 31, 2024. In January 2025, Xinjiang Guofu contributed cash of RMB1,000,000 as additional capital
                injection in Longshengda Jinhua and maintained 40% of its voting rights as at December 31, 2025. The Group is able to exercise
                significant influence over Longshengda Jinhua because it has the power to appoint one out of the three directors of Longshengda
                Jinhua under the articles of association of Longshengda Jinhua.

    vi.         In September 2025, Shanghai Qingping, a subsidiary of the Group, contributed cash of RMB1,000,000 as capital injection in Funiuniu.
                Shanghai Qingping holds 20% of its voting rights and has appointed one supervisor to oversee the company’s financial and operational
                matters.


    All of these associates are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.


    Summarised financial information of a material associate
    Mengfa Guofu


                                                                                                         31/12/2025                 31/12/2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                    RMB’000


          Current assets                                                                                     140,137                    196,725


          Non-current assets                                                                                 136,512                     70,090


          Current liabilities                                                                                  34,251                    19,324




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 173
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    19. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
           Summarised financial information of a material associate (continued)
           Mengfa Guofu (continued)


                                                                                           Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                           31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


            Revenue                                                                                 347                    92


            Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                                    (5,093)               (2,509)



           Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the associate
           recognised in the consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                           31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


            Net assets of Mengfa Guofu                                                         242,398               247,491
            Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in Mengfa Guofu                           40%                  40%
            The Group’s share of net assets of Mengfa Guofu                                     96,959                98,996


            Adjustment of unrealised gains relating to transactions with
               Mengfa Guofu                                                                      (1,525)                 (701)


            Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Mengfa Guofu                             95,434                98,295



           Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material


                                                                                           Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                           31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


            The Group’s share of loss and total comprehensive expenses                           (4,174)               (1,658)


            Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interests
               in these associates                                                              36,551                57,095




174 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2025




20. EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FVTOCI

                                                                                                            31/12/2025                  31/12/2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000                     RMB’000


        Unlisted equity investment, at fair value


          – Lingniu New Energy Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
              (羚牛新能源科技（上海）有限公司) (“Lingniu”) (Note i)                                                              39,498                      36,566
          – Hylium Industries, Inc. (“Hylium”) (Note ii)                                                          61,603                             –


                                                                                                                101,101                       36,566


   Notes:

   i          The unlisted equity investment represents the Group’s equity interest of 14.31% in Lingniu, a private entity established in the PRC. As
              at December 31, 2025, the Group’s equity interest in Lingniu was diluted to 13.83% due to additional capital contribution from its
              investors.

              The directors of the Company have elected to designate the investment in equity instrument at FVTOCI as they believed that recognizing
              short-term fluctuations in this investment’s fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding this
              investment for long-term purposes and realising its performance potential in the long run.

              The fair value of the unlisted equity instrument as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 was determined by directors of the Company with
              reference to valuation reports carried out by an independent qualified professional valuer, AVISTA Valuation Advisory Limited (“艾華迪
              評估諮詢有限公司”).

   ii         On October 21, 2025, the Company entered into an agreement with the existing third party shareholders, for the injection of new
              capital to Hylium. Upon the completion of capital contribution of South Korean Won (“KRW”) 12,400,000,000 (approximately
              RMB61,603,000), the Group held 8.88% of equity interest of Hylium as at December 31, 2025.

              The directors of the Company have elected to designate the investment in equity instrument at FVTOCI as they believed that recognizing
              short-term fluctuations in this investment’s fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding this
              investment for long-term purposes and realising its performance potential in the long run.




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 175
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    21. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
           The followings are the major deferred tax assets recognised and movements thereon during the current and prior years:


                                                  Fair value
                                                    change                                                       Share-
                                                    of debt         ECL        Tax     Accrued    Deferred        based
                                                instruments    provision     losses   expenses     income       payment      Others        Total
                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000


            At January 1, 2024                           45      12,808     37,708       6,028       5,542        6,609         230       68,970
            Credit (charge) to profit or loss             –       3,315     26,629        (596)      5,312        9,072         269       44,001
            Charge to the other comprehensive
              income                                    (12)           –         –           –           –             –          –          (12)


            At December 31, 2024                         33      16,123     64,337       5,432      10,854       15,681         499      112,959
            Credit (charge) to profit or loss             –       9,859    (64,337)     (5,432)    (10,854)      (15,681)      (499)     (86,944)
            Charge to the other comprehensive
              income                                    (33)           –         –           –           –             –          –          (33)


            At December 31, 2025                          –      25,982          –           –           –             –          –       25,982


           At the end of the reporting period, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB 758,871,000 (2024:
           RMB502,116,000), available for offsetting against future profits. No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect
           of tax losses of RMB 758,871,000 (2024: RMB73,199,000) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.


           The unrecognised tax losses of the Group will be carried forward and expire in years as follows:


                                                                                                        31/12/2025                31/12/2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000


            2026                                                                                                    16                   1,845
            2027                                                                                                9,471                   17,855
            2028                                                                                               18,877                   19,440
            2029                                                                                               15,256                   11,400
            2030                                                                                               23,061                    4,144
            2031                                                                                               80,398                   13,729
            2032                                                                                              107,258                    4,594
            2033                                                                                               77,133                      192
            2034                                                                                              177,524                         –
            2035                                                                                              249,877                         –


                                                                                                              758,871                   73,199


176 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025




22. INVENTORIES

                                                                                    31/12/2025            31/12/2024
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


    Raw materials and consumables                                                        58,677                56,775
    Work in progress                                                                     48,470                59,223
    Finished goods                                                                       79,665                12,755


                                                                                        186,812               128,753



   The write down of inventories of the Group recognised as cost of sales amounted to RMB1,034,000 during the year
   ended December 31, 2025 (2024: RMB1,791,000).


23. LOAN RECEIVABLES

                                                                                    31/12/2025            31/12/2024
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


    Fixed-rate loan receivables                                                            5,790                2,750


    Analysed as
      current                                                                              1,910                1,430
      non-current                                                                          3,880                1,320


                                                                                           5,790                2,750



   In May 2023, the Group entered into a loan agreement with a staff. Pursuant to the loan agreement, the staff
   borrowed RMB2,200,000 from the Group with fixed interest rate of 4.75% per annum. A supplementary loan
   agreement was entered into between the Group and the employee in 2025, pursuant to which the interest rate was
   adjusted from 4.75% to 3.1% since January 1, 2025. The amount would be repaid in a series of five successive equal
   yearly installments starting from the borrowing date. The installments of RMB880,000 that would be due after one year
   as at December 31, 2025 were recorded as non-current asset (2024: RMB1,320,000).


   In February and April 2025, the Group entered into loan agreements with two senior staffs, respectively. Pursuant
   to the loan agreements, each staff borrowed RMB1,500,000 from the Group with a fixed interest rate of 3.10% per
   annum for a term of three years. The loan was guaranteed by the staffs’ incentive shares.


   Included in the carrying amount of loan receivables as at 31 December 2025 is accumulated impairment losses of
   RMB68,000 (2024: nil). Details of impairment assessment of loan receivables are set out in Note 42.



                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 177
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    24. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                              31/12/2025                 31/12/2024
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                     RMB’000


            Current
            Trade receivables – contract with customers                                                           729,495                    679,433
            Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                                    (153,588)                    (88,208)


                                                                                                                  575,907                    591,225
            Prepayment to suppliers                                                                                 25,283                     15,104
            Value added tax recoverable                                                                             18,495                     11,369
            Deposits for bidding                                                                                      4,126                      4,112
            Receivables for disposal of an associate                                                                    500                        500
            Others                                                                                                    2,492                      2,217
            Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                                            (94)                     (565)


                                                                                                                  626,709                    623,962



                                                                                                              31/12/2025                 31/12/2024
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                     RMB’000


            Non-current
            Trade receivables – contract with customers (Note)                                                      76,664                     79,435
            Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                                        (5,952)                  (15,792)


                                                                                                                    70,712                     63,643


            Advance payment of investment in an associate                                                                  –                     1,438


                                                                                                                    70,712                     65,081


           Note:   According to the payment terms in the sales contracts with certain customers, certain part of the sales consideration will be collected
                   after one year.




178 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025




24. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
    As at 1 January 2024, the carrying amount of trade receivables net of allowance for ECL from contracts with customers
    amounted to RMB 461,604,000.


    The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) presented based on revenue
    recognition dates:


                                                                                      31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Within 90 days                                                                       215,858               287,012
     91 to 180 days                                                                           3,390              37,347
     181 to 365 days                                                                       20,831                34,171
     1 to 2 years                                                                         263,106               185,011
     2 to 3 years                                                                          80,617                55,219
     More than 3 years                                                                     62,817                56,108


                                                                                         646,619                654,868



    The normal credit term to the customers is within one year. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its
    outstanding receivables to minimize credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by management. The Group
    does not hold any collateral over these balances.


    Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in Note 42.


25. CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                                      31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Retention receivables                                                                 28,994                27,749
     Less: allowance for credit losses                                                        (5,677)               (951)


                                                                                           23,317                26,798


     Analysed as
       Current                                                                             13,499                10,370
       Non-current                                                                            9,818              16,428


                                                                                           23,317                26,798




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 179
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    25. CONTRACT ASSETS (continued)
           As at January 1, 2024, contract assets of the Group amounted to RMB35,954,000.


           Contract assets, that are not expected to be settled within the Group’s normal operating cycle, are classified as non-
           current asset based on expected settlement dates.


           Details of impairment assessment of contract assets of the Group are set out in Note 42.


    26. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI

                                                                                              31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000


            Bills receivables                                                                      10,222                 28,697



           As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, certain bills which were held by the Group for the practice of endorsing to
           suppliers or discounting to banks before the bills due for payment were classified as “debt instruments at FVTOCI”. All
           the bills receivables are with a maturity period of less than one year.


           The Group considers the credit risk is limited because counterparties are banks with good credit standing and are highly
           likely to be paid, and the ECL are considered as insignificant.


           Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 42.




180 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2025




27. FINANCIAL ASSET AT FVTPL

                                                                                                         31/12/2025                  31/12/2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000                    RMB’000


      Investments in unlisted funds (Note i)                                                                  138,022                             –
      Structure note (Note ii)                                                                                         –                   28,803


                                                                                                              138,022                      28,803


    Notes:

    (i)      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group subscribed two wealth management products issued by Great Bay Securities
             Limited and one wealth management product issued by Star Light Blessing Limited, both being independent third parties (collectively
             referred to as the “Fund Issuers”). The wealth management products under Great Bay Securities Limited were subscribed on
             September 11, 2025 and October 2, 2025 for amounts of HKD50,000,000 and HKD70,000,000 (equivalent to RMB45,161,000 and
             RMB63,225,000), respectively. The wealth management product under Star Light Blessing Limited was subscribed on November 7, 2025
             for an amount of HKD30,000,000 (equivalent to RMB27,097,000). The investment portfolios of wealth management products mainly
             include listed shares in Hong Kong and the United States of America as well as cash or cash equivalents.

             According to the subscription contracts, these wealth management products are principal-guaranteed with anticipated annual return
             rates about 6%-8%. The Group is entitled to the voluntary redemption right after the twelve-month lock-up period. As at December
             31, 2025, the Group has not pledged the wealth management products.

    (ii)     On December 11, 2024, the Group subscribed a USD denominated note issued by Huatai International Financial Products Limited
             through an independent security agent in Hong Kong, with the aggregate amount of USD4,000,000 (approximately equivalent to
             RMB28,803,000) and maturity of six months. The redemption amount of the USD Note is determined by reference to the market foreign
             exchange rate on the maturity date, therefore it is recognised as a financial asset at FVTPL. Both principal and respective interest were
             settled on October 31, 2025.


    Details of the fair value measurement of the financial asset at FVTPL are set out in Note 42(c).


28. RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS/CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
    Restricted bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents carry interest at prevailing market interest rates ranging from
    0.01% to 0.15% per annum as at the end of the reporting period (2024: 0.05% to 0.10%). As at December 31, 2025,
    the Group holds time deposits amounting to RMB17,372,000 (2024: RMB146,502,000) with an original maturity of
    three months or less and carry interests at prevailing market rated which was from 3.26% to 3.27% per annum (2024:
    3.50% to 3.70%), included in the cash and cash equivalents.


    As at December 31, 2025, restricted bank deposits of the Group comprise RMB9,510,000 pledged to banks for issuing
    bills and RMB40,316,000 in a bank account subject to certain administrative restrictions by the bank. In the opinion of
    the management of the Group, this bank account is expected to be re-active before the end of May 2026.


    Details of impairment assessment of bank balances are set out in Note 42.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 181
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    29. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                               31/12/2025                 31/12/2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                    RMB’000


            Trade payables                                                                                         330,780                    241,250
            Trade payables under supplier finance arrangements (Note)                                              158,288                    105,822
            Bills payables                                                                                           23,810                      9,398


                                                                                                                   512,878                    356,470


            Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                             118,205                    147,821
            Accrued staff costs and benefits                                                                         14,584                     13,432
            Other tax payables                                                                                        6,781                      2,658
            Accrued service fee                                                                                       9,602                     10,428
            Deposits from vendors                                                                                     2,244                      2,035
            Payables to staff                                                                                         2,378                      2,304
            Accrued listing expenses                                                                                        –                    6,697
            Accrued issue costs                                                                                             –                       280
            Others                                                                                                    3,849                      5,569


                                                                                                                   157,643                    191,224


                                                                                                                   670,521                    547,694


           Note:   In order to ensure easy access to credit for its suppliers and facilitate early settlement, the Group has entered into reverse factoring
                   arrangements. The contractual arrangements in place permit the suppliers to obtain the amounts billed less 3.40% discount with the
                   amounts paid by the relevant bank. The Group will repay bank the full invoice amounts on the scheduled payment dates as required
                   by the invoices. As the arrangements do not permit the group to extend finance from bank by paying bank later than the group would
                   have paid its supplier, the Group considers amounts payable to the bank should be classified as trade payables. The reverse factoring
                   arrangements permit the bank to early settle invoices equal to RMB159,400,000 per month during the year ended December 31, 2025
                   (2024: RMB120,000,000), and the maximum amount used in a month were RMB40,232,000 during the year ended December 31, 2025
                   (2024: RMB36,414,000). As at December 31, 2025, 32.51% of trade payables were amounts owed under these arrangements (2024:
                   30.49%).

           The normal credit term to the Group is ranged within one year.




182 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2025




29. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (continued)
    The following is an aging analysis of trade payables/trade payables under supplier finance arrangements of the Group
    based on the invoice dates:


                                                                                         31/12/2025          31/12/2024
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


     Within 90 days                                                                          204,527            156,057
     91 – 180 days                                                                            82,534             66,266
     181 – 365 days                                                                          119,456             75,379
     1 to 2 years                                                                             64,285             39,465
     2 to 3 years                                                                             14,426              6,759
     More than 3 years                                                                         3,840              3,146


                                                                                             489,068            347,072


    The following is an aging analysis of bills payables based on the bill issuance dates:


                                                                                         31/12/2025          31/12/2024
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


     0 – 180 days                                                                             23,810              9,398



    The Group’s bills payables were issued by banks and were secured by the Group’s restricted bank deposits and debt
    instruments at FVTOCI for both years.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 183
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    30. BORROWINGS

                                                                                                          31/12/2025                 31/12/2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000


            Bank borrowings                                                                                    985,759                   884,042
            Other borrowings (Note)                                                                             28,332                    42,537


                                                                                                             1,014,091                   926,579


            Secured                                                                                            520,686                   454,037
            Unsecured                                                                                          493,405                   472,542


                                                                                                             1,014,091                   926,579


            Fixed-rate borrowings                                                                              542,637                   556,119
            Variable-rate borrowings                                                                           471,454                   370,460


                                                                                                             1,014,091                   926,579


            Carrying amount repayable:
               (based on scheduled payment terms)
            Within one year                                                                                    532,108                   520,977
            More than one year, but not exceeding two years                                                     62,946                   126,798
            More than two years, but not exceeding five years                                                   40,195                    88,253
            More than five years                                                                               378,842                   190,551


                                                                                                             1,014,091                   926,579


            Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown
                   under current liabilities                                                                   532,108                   520,977


            Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
               non-current liabilities                                                                         481,983                   405,602


           Note:   As at December 31, 2025, other borrowings of the Group represented the transfer proceeds received from sale leaseback transactions
                   in 2024 and 2025. The effective interest rate of other borrowing ranged from 6.36% to 7.78% per annum.




184 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2025




30. BORROWINGS (continued)
    The ranges of effective interest rates per annum on the Group’s borrowings are as follows:


                                                                                        31/12/2025           31/12/2024


     Effective interest rate per annum:
       Fixed-rate borrowings                                                         3.00%-7.78%          3.05%-7.78%
       Variable-rate borrowings                                                      3.10%-5.05%          3.90%-5.00%



31. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                        31/12/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


     Vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems
       and related products                                                                    9,311               2,461
     Equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and related products                            6,676                 202
     Water electrolysis hydrogen Production equipment
       and related products                                                                    1,064               3,567


                                                                                              17,051               6,230



    Contract liabilities are expected to be settled within the Group’s normal operating cycle and are classified as current
    liability based on the Group’s earliest obligation to transfer goods to the customers.


    The contract liabilities of the Group as at January 1, 2025 and 2024, amounted of RMB6,230,000 and RMB13,850,000
    were recognised as revenue during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.


    The Group usually receives 20% to 30% of the contract value as deposits from customers for majority of the contracts
    related to vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and related products, equipment for hydrogen
    refueling stations and related products and water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and related products
    when they sign the sale and purchase agreement. The deposits result in contract liabilities being recognised until the
    customer obtains control of those products.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 185
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    32. PROVISIONS

                                                                                             31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000


            Warranty provision
            At beginning of the year                                                              11,506                10,528
            Additional provision                                                                   7,861                 9,700
            Utilization                                                                           (6,318)                (8,722)


            At end of the year                                                                    13,049                11,506



            Analyzed as
            current                                                                                1,291                 3,735
            non-current                                                                           11,758                 7,771


                                                                                                  13,049                11,506



           The warranty provision represents management’s best estimate of the Group’s liability under assurance-type warranty
           granted on products sold which were still under warranty at the end of the reporting period, based on prior experience
           for defective products.




186 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025




33. AMOUNT(S) DUE FROM ASSOCIATES/AMOUNT(S) DUE TO AN ASSOCIATE/
    RELATED PARTIES
   Amounts due from associates


                                                                                    31/12/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


     Trade related
     Huajiu Hydrogen                                                                          –                 100
     Jiahua Hydrogen                                                                      1,144               1,026
     Qilu Hydrogen                                                                       48,735              49,127
     Suzhou Changjia Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd.
          (蘇州常嘉氫能源科技有限公司) (“Suzhou Changjia”) (Note i)                                    1,495               1,511
     Huajiu New Energy (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.
          (華久新能源（洛陽）有限公司) (“Huajiu New Energy”) (Note ii)                                  700                2,880
     Urumqi Outejie                                                                           –              12,260
     Mengfa Guofu                                                                        36,058              20,612
     Hycee Pte. Ltd.                                                                      2,247                   –
     Funiuniu                                                                            44,991                   –


     Non-trade related
     Qilu Hydrogen                                                                       13,084                   –
     Broaden Energy                                                                       4,071                   –
     Guofuhee Brazil LTDA                                                                  705                    –
     RCT GH GmbH                                                                          3,313                   –


                                                                                       156,543               87,516
     Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                  (12,077)             (2,029)


                                                                                       144,466               85,487


   Notes:

   (i)      The entity is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jiahua Hydrogen.

   (ii)     The entity is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huajiu Hydrogen.


   As at January 1, 2024, the carrying amount of amounts due from associates net of allowance for ECL from contracts
   with customers amounted to RMB63,816,000.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 187
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    33. AMOUNT(S) DUE FROM ASSOCIATES/AMOUNT(S) DUE TO AN ASSOCIATE/
        RELATED PARTIES (continued)
           Amounts due from associates (continued)
           The amounts due from associates are trade in nature and from contract with customers. The following is an aged
           analysis of amounts due from associates of the Group, presented based on invoice dates:


                                                                                               31/12/2025          31/12/2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


            Within 90 days                                                                          62,800             32,257
            91 – 180 days                                                                           11,387                  10
            181 – 365 days                                                                           7,532                   –
            1 to 2 years                                                                            16,511             51,376
            2 to 3 years                                                                            44,840                  97
            More than 3 years                                                                        1,396              1,747


                                                                                                  144,466              85,487



           Amount due to an associate


                                                                                               31/12/2025          31/12/2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


            Trade related
            Hycee Pte. Ltd                                                                               –                118



           The amount represented contract liability recognised for sales in which revenue has yet been recognised. The contract
           liabilities of the Group as at January 1, 2025 and 2024, amounted of RMB118,000 and nil were recognised as revenue
           during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Group usually receives 20% to 30% of the
           contract value as deposits from associates when they sign the sale and purchase agreement. The deposits result in
           contract liabilities being recognised until the customer obtains control of those products.


           The amount was trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




188 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2025




33. AMOUNT(S) DUE FROM ASSOCIATES/AMOUNT(S) DUE TO AN ASSOCIATE/
    RELATED PARTIES (continued)
   Amount due to an associate (continued)
   The following is an aged analysis of trade related balances presented based on the invoice dates:


                                                                                                 31/12/2025                31/12/2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000


    181 – 365 days                                                                                            –                     118



   Amounts due to related parties


                                                                                                 31/12/2025                31/12/2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000


    Trade related
    Jiangsu Huade Hydrogen Energy Technology Co.,Ltd.
       (江蘇鏵德氫能源科技有限公司) (“Jiangsu Huade”) (Note)                                                         1,079                     2,395


   Note:   The entity is significantly influenced by Zhangjiagang Yongyuan Share Equity Investment Partnership (Limited partnership) (張家港涌源
           鏵能股權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）), a shareholder of the Company, which holds a 24.27% equity interest in Jiangsu Huade.


   The amount was trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


   The following is an aged analysis of trade related balances presented based on the invoice dates:


                                                                                                 31/12/2025                31/12/2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000                   RMB’000


    Within 90 days                                                                                         127                    2,050
    91 – 180 days                                                                                          336                         –
    1 – 2 years                                                                                            616                      345


                                                                                                        1,079                     2,395




                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 189
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    34. DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                                                            31/12/2025                 31/12/2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000                    RMB’000


             Subsidies related to assets (Note i)                                                                 15,495                    14,273
             Subsidies related to research and development activities (Note ii)                                   52,414                    61,812


                                                                                                                  67,909                    76,085
             Less: current portion                                                                               (54,068)                   (49,882)


             Non-current portion                                                                                  13,841                    26,203


           Notes:

           (i)      The Group recorded government subsidies related to acquisition of property, plant and equipment as deferred income and amortised it
                    on a systematic basis over the useful lives of the relevant assets.

           (ii)     During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group received RMB9,697,000 (2024: RMB33,747,000) in relation to its research
                    and development activities. The amounts were recorded as deferred income and released to profit or loss upon certain conditions are
                    fulfilled. During the year ended December 31, 2025, subsidy income of approximately RMB 19,095,000 (2024: RMB5,214,000) was
                    released to profit or loss.

                    As at December 31, 2025, subsidy income of approximately RMB54,068,000 (2024: RMB49,882,000) was categorized as current
                    liabilities because the fulfilment date are reasonably estimated within one year.




190 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2025




35. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                    Number of                     Nominal
                                                                                                          shares          value of shares
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000


      Authorized and issued
      As at January 1, 2024                                                                         92,829,369                     92,829
      Issue of restricted shares (Note i)                                                             5,881,191                      5,881
      Issue of ordinary shares by way of global offering (Note ii)                                    6,000,000                      6,000


      As at December 31, 2024                                                                      104,710,560                    104,710
      Private placement of ordinary shares (Note iii)                                               10,988,550                      10,989
      Exercise of warrants (Note iv)                                                                  4,377,229                      4,377


      As at December 31, 2025                                                                      120,076,339                    120,076


   Notes:

   (i)      In January 2024, the Company issued a total of 5,881,191 ordinary shares at the consideration of RMB228,600,000 to several
            independent investors. RMB5,881,000 were credited to the Company’s share capital and the remaining balance, after deducting issue
            cost of RMB3,239,000, was credited as share premium. The Company had received all financing proceeds by February 2024.

   (ii)     On November 15, 2024, the Company has completed a global offering of 6,000,000 H shares of par value of RMB1.00 each at the
            price of HK$65.00 per ordinary share (approximately equivalent to RMB60.12 per ordinary share). On the same day, the Company’s
            H shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The proceeds of HK$6,487,000 (approximately
            equivalent to RMB6,000,000) were credited to the Company’s share capital. The remaining proceeds of approximately HK$383,513,000
            (approximately equivalent to RMB354,734,000), before share issuance cost, were credited to share premium.

   (iii)    On August 29, 2025, the Company and BOCI Asia Limited, the placing agent, entered into a placing agreement. Pursuant to the
            agreement, the Company has agreed to appoint the placing agent to procure placees to subscribe for an aggregate of up to 1,730,000
            shares at the placing price of HK$54.03 per share. The placing was completed on September 8, 2025.

            On September 17, 2025, the Company and Great Bay Securities Limited, the placing agent, entered into a placing agreement. Pursuant
            to the agreement, the Company has agreed to appoint the placing agent to procure placees to subscribe for an aggregate of up to
            1,994,800 shares at the placing price of HK$50.13 per share. The placing was completed on September 29, 2025.

            On October 16, 2025, the Company and Macquarie Capital Limited, the placing agent, entered into a placing agreement. Pursuant
            to the agreement, the Company has agreed to appoint the placing agent to procure placees to subscribe for an aggregate of up to
            2,405,400 shares at the placing price of HK$48.47 per share. The placing was completed on October 23, 2025.

            On November 25, 2025, the Company and Great Bay Securities Limited, the placing agent, entered into a placing agreement. Pursuant
            to the agreement, the Company has agreed to appoint the placing agent to procure placees to subscribe for an aggregate of up to
            4,858,350 shares at the placing price of HK$41.166 per share. The placing was completed on December 2, 2025.

            During the year, the aggregate cash consideration, before expenses, amounted to HK$510,060,000 (equivalent to RMB464,688,000).
            The related transaction costs of HK$21,620,000 (equivalent to RMB19,709,000) were netted off against the cash proceeds.

            On March 10, 2026, the Company and Macquarie Capital Limited, the placing agent, entered into a placing agreement. Pursuant to the
            agreement, the Company has agreed to appoint the placing agent to procure placees to subscribe for an aggregate of up to 4,908,950
            shares at the placing price of HK$31.07 per share. The placing was completed on March 18, 2026.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 191
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    35. SHARE CAPITAL (continued)
           Notes: (continued)

           (iv)    On 20 August 2025, the Company issued 6,000,000 warrants to an independent third party at a subscription price of HK$0.5164 per
                   warrant pursuant to the terms and conditions of the subscription agreement. During August to November 2025, a total of 4,377,000
                   warrants were exercised at exercise prices ranging from HK$32.88 to HK$68.38, generating gross cash proceeds before expenses of
                   HK$174,230,000 (approximately RMB158,749,000). Transaction costs amounting to HK$13,687,000 (approximately RMB12,324,000)
                   were deducted from the cash proceeds. The net proceeds were intended to be used for the business development of the Group. Details
                   have been set out in the announcements of the Company dated August 20, 2025.

                   As at 31 December 2025, 1,623,000 warrants remained unexercised, which were classified as financial liabilities at FVTPL, with changes
                   in their fair value recognised in profit or loss.


    36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
           Restricted Shares Scheme in 2023
           To provide incentives to eligible employees and directors of the Group, an employee share incentive plan (the “2023 RS
           Scheme”) was adopted in December 2023. Two employee stock ownership platforms, namely Zhangjiagang Hydrogen
           Win New Energy Industry Partnership (Limited Partnership) (張家港氫贏新能源產業合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Hydrogen
           Win”) and Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Ying New Energy Industry Partnership (Limited Partnership) (張家港氫盈新能源
           產業合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Hydrogen Ying”) were established on December 14, 2023 and directly held 2,784,881
           ordinary shares of the Company. Eligible employees and directors subscribed for partnership interest of the Hydrogen
           Win and Hydrogen Ying at a consideration price of RMB1 for RMB1 partnership interest and RMB8 partnership interest
           of Hydrogen Jie represented 1 ordinary share of the Company.


           Details of the restricted shares issued under the 2023 RS Scheme are as follows:


                                      Quantity of                                                                                       Sell back/
                                         restricted                             Vesting schedule                                        repurchase
             Grant date                      shares      Grantee                defined in contract term                                right


             December 1, 2023              992,639       Directors and          50% 13 months after grant date;                         Note
                                                            employees             30% 25 months after grant date;
                                                                                  20% 37 months after grant date
                                                                                  with the achievement of the Group’s
                                                                                  performance conditions


             December 1, 2023            1,792,242       Directors and          50% 13 months after grant date;                         Note
                                                            employees             30% 25 months after grant date;
                                                                                  20% 37 months after grant date
                                                                                  with the achievement of certain individual
                                                                                  and the Group’s performance conditions

           Note:   If the grantees voluntarily terminate the labor relationship with the Company, the ultimate controlling shareholders of the Company
                   has the right to repurchase the unvested shares from the grantees at original consideration plus interest at loan prime rate (“LPR”) of
                   similar period.




192 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2025




36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   Restricted Shares Scheme in 2023 (continued)
   The following table summarized the movement of the Group’s unvested restricted shares:


                                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                                            average
                                                                                                          grant date
                                                                                   Unvested            fair value per
                                                                           registered capital      registered capital
                                                                                            ‘000                RMB


    As at January 1, 2024                                                              2,785                   38.87
    Forfeited                                                                           (108)                  38.87
    Granted                                                                                 108                38.87
    Vested                                                                             (1,392)                 38.87


    As at December 31, 2024                                                            1,393                   38.87
    Forfeited                                                                               (40)               38.87
    Granted                                                                                  40                38.87
    Vested                                                                              (835)                  38.87


    As at December 31, 2025                                                                 558                38.87



   Included in the 2023 RS Scheme, 475,000 RSs were granted to Mr. Wu Pinfang, 10,000 RSs were granted to Mr. Shi
   Jian, and 250,000 RSs were granted to Mr. He Guangliang.


   The total fair value of restricted shares granted under 2023 RS Scheme was RMB108,247,000 at the grant date which
   were determined with reference to the issue price set out in the Company’s investment agreements with independent
   investors in January 2024. Share-based payment expenses of RMB15,790,000 were recognised during the year ended
   December 31, 2025 (2024: RMB60,483,000).




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 193
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    37. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
           The Group has the following transactions and balances with the related parties:


           (a)    Related party transactions
                  Sales of products to associates


                                                                                             Year ended   Year ended
                                                                                             31/12/2025   31/12/2024
                                                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000


                   Funiuniu                                                                      51,682            –
                   Mengfa Guofu                                                                  16,504      23,912
                   Hycee Pte. Ltd.                                                                4,653            –
                   Huajiu New Energy                                                              1,005          57
                   Broaden Energy                                                                  602             –
                   Jiahua Hydrogen                                                                 154          123
                   Huajiu Hydrogen                                                                    –         212
                   Urumqi Outejie                                                                     –      10,850
                   Others                                                                          102          114


                                                                                                 74,702      35,268



                  Purchase of materials from a related party


                                                                                             Year ended   Year ended
                                                                                             31/12/2025   31/12/2024
                                                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000


                   Jiangsu Huade                                                                  1,079        1,814




194 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2025




37. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
    (b)      Related party balances
             Details of the outstanding balances with related parties are set out in Note 33.


    (c)      Compensation of key management personnel
             The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:


                                                                                        Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                         31/12/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


               Salaries and other benefits                                                       4,088              4,085
               Discretionary bonuses                                                                 –               537
               Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                            472                479
               Share-based payments                                                              6,963            19,808


                                                                                                11,523            24,909



38. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                         31/12/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


     Capital expenditure contracted for but not provided in
          the consolidated financial statements:
          – Property, plant and equipment                                                   117,127               52,649




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 195
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    39. PLEDGE OF OR RESTRICTIONS ON ASSETS
           The Group had pledged the following assets to banks as securities against general banking facilities, including banks
           borrowings and bills payables granted to the Group:


                                                                                              31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000


            Property, plant and equipment                                                         608,486               526,355
            Right-of-use assets                                                                    96,193                   77,409
            Restricted bank deposits                                                                9,510                    4,413
            Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                                500                    5,000


                                                                                                  714,689               613,177



    40. TRANSFER OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
           (i)    Transferred financial assets that were derecognised in their entirety
                  The bills accepted by banks with high credit quality were derecognised when they were transferred to banks
                  by discounting or endorsed to certain suppliers for settlement of trade payables. In the opinion of the directors
                  of the Company, the Group has transferred the significant risks and rewards relating to these bills receivables,
                  and the Group’s obligations to the corresponding counterparties were discharged in accordance with the
                  commercial practice in the PRC and the risk of the default in payment of the endorsed bills receivable is low
                  because all endorsed bills receivables are issued and guaranteed by the reputable PRC banks. As a result, the
                  relevant assets and liabilities were derecognised on the consolidated statement of financial position. As at
                  December 31, 2025, the Group had derecognised bills discounted or endorsed to certain suppliers amounting
                  to RMB5,975,000 (2024: RMB55,154,000).


           (ii)   Transferred financial assets that were not derecognised in their entirety
                  At December 31, 2025, bills receivable with a total carrying amount of RMB12,174,000 (2024: RMB2,166,000)
                  were transferred to banks by discounting or endorsed to certain suppliers for settlement of trade payables.
                  If the bills are not paid on maturity, the banks or suppliers have the right to request the Group to pay the
                  unsettled balance. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks and rewards relating to the bills
                  receivables to its banks or suppliers upon endorsement, it continues to recognise the full carrying amount of
                  bills receivables and has recognised the payables from the endorsement of the bills with full recourse.




196 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025




41. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
   maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group’s overall
   strategy remains unchanged from prior year.


   The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the borrowings and lease liabilities, net of cash
   and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising share capital and reserves.


   The management of the Group reviews the capital structure regularly. As part of this review, the management of the
   Group considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of
   the management, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the new share issues as well as the issue
   of new debt.


42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   (a)    Categories of financial instruments


                                                                                       31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


            Financial assets
            Amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents)                         1,281,100             1,108,147
            Equity instrument at FVTOCI                                                    101,101                 36,566
            Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                      10,222                 28,697
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                                      138,022                 28,803


                                                                                         1,530,445             1,202,213


            Financial liabilities
            Amortised cost                                                               1,664,326             1,460,578
            Financial liability at FVTPL                                                     2,051                       –




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 197
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies
                  The Group’s major financial instruments include trade and other receivables, loan receivables, debt instruments
                  at FVTOCI, equity instrument at FVTOCI, other financial asset, financial assets at FVTPL, amounts due from
                  associates, restricted bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables, borrowings, amount
                  due to an associate, amounts due to related parties and financial liability at FVTPL. Details of the financial
                  instruments are disclosed in respective notes.


                  The risks associated with the financial instruments include market risk (currency risk and interest rate risk), credit
                  risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages
                  and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective
                  manner.


                  Market risk
                  The Group’s activities expose it primarily to currency risk and interest rate risk. There has been no change in the
                  Group’s exposure to these risks or the manner in which it manages and measures the risks.


                  (i)    Currency risk

                         Certain financial assets and liabilities are denominated in foreign currency of respective group entities
                         which are exposed to foreign currency risk. The Group currently does not have a foreign exchange
                         hedging policy. However, the management monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider
                         hedging significant foreign exchange exposure should the need arise.


                         The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities at the
                         end of each reporting period are mainly as follows:


                                                                                                 31/12/2025              31/12/2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000


                            Assets
                            HK$                                                                      464,104                 267,402
                            USD                                                                        32,237                 64,707


                            Liabilities
                            USD                                                                           991                     978




198 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2025




42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
          Market risk (continued)
          (i)    Currency risk (continued)

                 Sensitivity analysis

                 The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2024: 5%) increase and decrease in RMB
                 against the relevant foreign currencies, the foreign currency with which the Group may have a material
                 exposure. 5% (2024: 5%) represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in
                 foreign exchange rate. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated
                 monetary items as a base and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a 5%(2024:
                 5%) change in foreign currency rates. A negative number below indicates an increase in loss where
                 RMB strengthens 5% against the relevant currency. For a 5% weakening of RMB against the relevant
                 currency, there would be an equal and opposite impact on loss for the year.


                                                                                        31/12/2025              31/12/2024
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


                  Impact on profit or loss
                  HK$                                                                       (19,724)                (11,365)
                  USD                                                                         (1,328)                (2,708)



          (ii)   Interest rate risk

                 The Group is primarily exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to debt instruments at FVTOCI,
                 other financial asset, fixed-rate borrowings (Note 30), lease liabilities and cash flow interest rate risk in
                 relation to the fluctuation of interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, pledged bank deposits and
                 variable-rate borrowings (Note 30). The Group currently does not have an interest rate hedging policy
                 to mitigate interest rate risk; nevertheless, the management monitors interest rate exposure and will
                 consider hedging significant interest rate risk should the need arise.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 199
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Market risk (continued)
                  (ii)   Interest rate risk (Continued)

                         Sensitivity analysis

                         The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the
                         end of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding
                         at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 50 basis point (2024: 50
                         basis points) increase or decrease in variable-rate bank borrowings are used represents management’s
                         assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates. Cash and cash equivalents and pledged
                         bank deposits are excluded from sensitivity analysis as the management considers that the exposure
                         of cash flow interest rate risk arising from variable-rate cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank
                         deposits is insignificant.


                         If the interest rate on variable-rate borrowings had been 50 basis points higher/lower and all other
                         variables were held constant, the Group’s post-tax loss for the year ended 31 December 2025 would
                         increase/decrease by RMB2,004,000 (2024: increase/decrease by RMB1,574,000).


                  Credit risk
                  Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations resulting
                  in financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to loan receivables,
                  trade and other receivables, contract assets, restricted bank deposits, amounts due from associates, debt
                  instruments at FVTOCI and cash and cash equivalents. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit
                  enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets.




200 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2025




42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
          Credit risk (continued)
          Trade receivables and contract assets (including amounts due from associates)

          In order to minimize the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
          determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action
          is taken to recover overdue debts. In this regard, the management of the Group consider that the Group’s credit
          risk is significantly reduced.


          The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in the PRC, which accounted for
          99.71% of all trade receivables and contract assets as at December 31, 2025 (2024: 99.83%). The Group
          has concentration of credit risk as 8.98% (2024: 27.32%) and 41.00% (2024: 54.54%) of the total trade
          receivables was due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers respectively. In order to
          minimize the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of
          credit limits and credit approvals.


          The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on all trade receivables and contract assets
          with credit-impaired individually, and the remaining trade receivables and contract assets are grouped based
          on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to past due exposure and nature, size and industry for the
          customers.


          The table below detail the credit loss allowance provided by the Group based on collective assessment as at
          December 31, 2025 and 2024:


                                                                                     31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


           Trade receivables                                                               22,575                 9,197
           Contract assets                                                                    777                   538
           Amounts due from associates                                                      6,950                 2,029



          The table below detail the credit loss allowance provided by the Group based on individual assessment as at
          December 31, 2025 and 2024:


                                                                                     31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


           Trade receivables                                                              136,965                94,803
           Contract assets                                                                  4,900                   413
           Amounts due from associates                                                      5,127                      –




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 201
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Credit risk (continued)
                  Trade receivables and contract assets (including amounts due from associates and amount due from a related
                  party) (continued)

                  As at December 31, 2025, the Group individually assessed trade receivables with gross carrying amount of
                  RMB381,022,000 (2024: RMB308,590,000), contract assets with gross carrying amount of RMB10,496,000
                  (2024: RMB2,187,000),and amounts due from associates with gross carrying amount of RMB2,639,000 (2024:
                  nil).


                  Other receivables and loan receivables

                  For other receivables and loan receivables, the management makes periodic individual assessment on the
                  recoverability of other receivables and loan receivables based on historical settlement records, past experience,
                  and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking
                  information. The management believes that there are no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts
                  since initial recognition and the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL.


                  Debt instruments at FVTOCI

                  Debt instruments at FVTOCI were all bank-issued notes. Since the issuers were reputable banks of good credit
                  quality, the management of the Group considered the credit risk of these bank issued bills is insignificant and
                  no impairment was provided on them at the year end.


                  Restricted bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents

                  The credit risk on restricted bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are limited because the counterparties
                  are reputable banks with high credit ratings assigned by credit-rating agencies.


                  The Group assessed 12m ECL for restricted bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents by reference to
                  information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades
                  published by external credit rating agencies. Based on the average loss rates, the 12m ECL on restricted bank
                  deposits and cash and cash equivalents is considered to be insignificant and therefore no loss allowance was
                  recognised.




202 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2025




42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
          Credit risk (continued)
          The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:


                                                                       Trade receivables/
                                                                       contract assets/
                                                                       trade-related amount
           Internal credit                                             due from associates/      Other financial
           rating                Description                           a related party           assets/other items


           Low risk              The counterparty has a low risk of    Lifetime ECL              12m ECL
                                   default                               – not credit-impaired


           Doubtful              There have been significant           Lifetime ECL              Lifetime ECL
                                   increases in credit risk since        – not credit-impaired      – not credit-impaired
                                   initial recognition through
                                   information developed
                                   internally or external resources


           Loss                  There is evidence indicating the      Lifetime ECL              Lifetime ECL
                                   asset is credit-impaired              – credit-impaired          – credit-impaired


           Write-off             There is evidence indicating that     Amount is written off     Amount is written off
                                   the debtor is in severe financial
                                   difficulty and the Group has no
                                   realistic prospect of recovery




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 203
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Credit risk (continued)
                  The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets and contract assets, which are
                  subject to ECL assessment:

                                                               Internal                                            Gross carrying amount
                                                                credit
                                                  Notes         rating          12m or lifetime ECL             31/12/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000

                   Financial assets at
                     amortised cost
                   Cash and cash equivalents        28           N/A                  12m ECL                         427,375               335,863


                   Restricted bank deposits         28           N/A                  12m ECL                          49,826                  4,413


                   Amounts due from                 33           Note                Lifetime ECL                     149,833                 87,516
                    associates                                                 (collective assessment)
                                                                                   Credit impaired                       6,710                      –


                                                                                                                      156,543                 87,516


                   Trade receivables                24           Note                Lifetime ECL                     425,137               450,278
                                                                               (collective assessment)
                                                                                   Credit impaired                    381,022               308,590


                                                                                                                      806,159               758,868


                   Other receivables                24         Low risk               12m ECL                            7,118                 6,829


                   Loan receivables                 23         Low risk               12m ECL                            5,858                 2,750


                   Financial asset at
                     FVTOCI
                   Debt instruments at              26           N/A                  12m ECL                          10,222                 28,697
                     FVTOCI


                   Other Item
                   Contract assets                  25           Note                Lifetime ECL                      18,498                 25,562
                                                                               (collective assessment)
                                                                                   Credit impaired                     10,496                  2,187


                                                                                                                       28,994                 27,749


                  Note:   For trade receivables, contract assets, and amounts due from associates, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS
                          9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. Except for debtors with credit-impaired, the Group determines the ECL on
                          these items on a collective basis, grouped by internal credit rating.

204 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2025




42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
          Credit risk (continued)
          Internal credit rating

          As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers in
          relation to its business operation. The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk
          for all trade receivables, contract assets, and amounts due from associates, which are assessed on a collective
          basis within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired) as at December 31, 2025 and 2024. Debtors with credit-impaired
          with gross carrying amounts of RMB398,228,000 as at December 31, 2025 were assessed individually (2024:
          RMB310,777,000).


                                                                   Gross carrying amount

                                                    31/12/2025                                31/12/2024

                                                                       Trade                                      Trade
                                                                 receivables,                               receivables,
                                                             contract assets,                           contract assets,
                                                                    amounts                                    amounts
                                                Average             due from              Average             due from
                                                loss rate          associates             loss rate          associates
                                                       %            RMB’000                     %             RMB’000


           Internal credit rating
           Low risk                                 1.61              81,965                  1.53             137,642
           Doubtful                                 5.67             511,503                  2.70             425,714


                                                                     593,468                                   563,356



          The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of
          the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
          The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is
          updated. The contract assets have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade receivables for the
          same type of contracts.


          In the opinion of the directors of the Company, all trade receivables, contract assets and amounts due from
          associates within Group low risk and doubtful at the end of the reporting period which have been past due over
          90 days are not considered as in default by considering the historical and expected subsequent repayment from
          the trade debtors.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 205
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Credit risk (continued)
                  Internal credit rating (continued)

                  The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognized for trade receivables,
                  contract assets and amounts due from associates under the simplified approach.


                                                                    Lifetime ECL         Lifetime ECL
                                                           (not credit- impaired)   (credit- impaired)           Total
                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000


                   As at January 1, 2024                                   8,595               76,639           85,234
                   Transfer to credit-impaired                              (992)                    992             –
                   Impairment loss recognised                              9,223               19,942           29,165
                   Impairment loss reversed                               (3,211)                  (4,208)      (7,419)


                   As at December 31, 2024                                13,615               93,365          106,980
                   Transfer to credit-impaired                            (9,402)                  9,402             –
                   Impairment loss recognised                             28,666               83,344          112,010
                   Impairment loss reversed                               (2,463)             (36,057)         (38,520)
                   Write-offs                                               (114)                  (3,062)      (3,176)


                   As at December 31, 2025                                30,302              146,992          177,294




206 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2025




42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
          Liquidity risk
          In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
          deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of
          fluctuations in cash flows. The Group monitors the utilizations of bank borrowings and relies on issuance of
          ordinary shares and bank borrowings as significant sources of liquidity.


          The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and lease
          liabilities based on agreed repayment terms. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash
          flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The table
          includes both interest and principal cash flows.


                                             Weighted
                                               Average       Within
                                              Effective   1 year and       1 to       2 to      Over                Carrying
                                            interest rate on demand     2 years    5 years    5 years       Total    amount
                                                    %      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000


           At December 31, 2025
           Trade and other payables                  –      649,156           –          –          –    649,156     649,156
           Amounts due to related parties            –        1,079           –          –          –      1,079       1,079
           Borrowings – fixed rate                3.45      494,316     50,257           –          –    544,573     542,637
           Borrowings – variable rate             3.64       98,424     69,721    144,166     240,381    552,692     471,454
           Lease liabilities                      4.42        2,452      1,010        308           –      3,770       3,647


                                                           1,245,427   120,988    144,474     240,381   1,751,270   1,667,973




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 207
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Liquidity risk (continued)


                                                      Weighted
                                                        Average        Within
                                                       Effective    1 year and       1 to       2 to      Over                 Carrying
                                                    interest rate   on demand     2 years    5 years    5 years       Total     amount
                                                              %      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000


                   At December 31, 2024
                   Trade and other payables                    –      531,604          –          –          –     531,604     531,604
                   Amounts due to related parties              –        2,395          –          –          –       2,395       2,395
                   Borrowings – fixed rate                  3.68      492,051     77,473          –          –     569,524     556,119
                   Borrowings – variable rate               4.22       56,172     63,728    121,950    211,372     453,222     370,460
                   Lease liabilities                        4.83          531        531          –          –       1,062       1,014


                                                                    1,082,753    141,732    121,950    211,372    1,557,807   1,461,592



           (c)    Fair value measurements of financial instruments
                  Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. The
                  directors of the Company are responsible to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs for fair
                  value measurements.


                  In estimating the fair value, the Group use market-observable data to the extent it is available. For instruments
                  with significant unobservable inputs under Level 3, the Group engage third party qualified valuers to perform
                  the valuation and works closely with the qualified valuer to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and
                  inputs to the model.




208 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2025




42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (c)   Fair value measurements of financial instruments (continued)
          (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a
                recurring basis
                Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
                following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in
                particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).


                                       Fair value as   Fair value as                Valuation                  Significant           Relationship of
                                       at December     at December     Fair value   technique(s)               unobservable          unobservable inputs
                                           31, 2025       31, 2024     hierarchy    and key inputs             inputs                to fair value
                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Debt instruments            10,222         28,697     Level 2      Discounted cash flow       N/A                   N/A
                    at FVTOCI                                                          Method, estimated
                                                                                       based on discount
                                                                                       rate observed in the
                                                                                       available market
                 Equity instrument
                    at FVTOCI
                    – Lingniu                39,498         36,566     Level 3      Market approach            DLOM                  The higher the DLOM,
                                                                                                                                        the lower the fair value
                                                                                                                                        (Note)
                    – Hylium                 61,603               –    Level 2      Recent transaction price   N/A                   N/A
                 Financial assets
                    at FVTPL
                    – Structure note              –         28,803     Level 3      Discounted cash flows      Expected return and The higher the expected
                                                                                       method, estimated          market foreign        return and market
                                                                                       based on expected          exchange rate         foreign exchange rate,
                                                                                       return and market                                the higher the fair value
                                                                                       foreign exchange rate
                    – Investments           138,022               –    Level 3      Discounted cash flows      Expected return       The higher the expected
                        in unlisted                                                    method, estimated                                return, the higher the
                        funds                                                          based on expected                                fair value
                                                                                       return
                 Financial liability          2,051               –    Level 3      Option Pricing Model       expected volatility   The higher the volatility,
                    at FVTPL                                                                                                            the higher the fair value

                Note:      A 1% increase or decrease in DLOM holding all other variables keep constant would decrease or increase the carrying
                           amount of the equity instrument at FVTOCI as at December 31, 2025 by RMB564,000.




                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 209
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (c)    Fair value measurements of financial instruments (continued)
                  (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a
                         recurring basis (continued)
                         There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 during the years ended December 31, 2025 and
                         2024.


                         The Group owns 13.83% and 14.31% equity interest in Lingniu as at December 31, 2025 and 2024
                         respectively that is classified as investment at FVTOCI and is measured at fair value at each reporting
                         date. The fair value of the investment as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 amounted to RMB39,498,000
                         and RMB36,566,000 respectively.


                         The Group owns 8.88% equity interest in Hylium as at December 31, 2025 that is classified as
                         investment at FVTOCI and is measured at fair value at each reporting date. The fair value of the
                         investment as at December 31, 2025 was measured using recent transaction price and hence were
                         classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.


                  (ii)   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements


                                                                                   Equity          Financial         Financial
                                                                              instrument              assets           liability
                                                                               at FVTOCI           at FVTPL           at FVTPL
                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


                          At January1, 2024                                             –                 –                   –
                          Total gains
                             – in other comprehensive income                       2,233                  –                   –
                          Purchased                                                     –            28,803                   –
                          Transfers into level 3 due to change of
                             valuation technique                                  34,333                  –                   –


                          At December 31, 2024                                    36,566             28,803                   –


                          Total gains
                             – in profit or loss                                        –             1,208            (1,284)
                             – in other comprehensive income                       2,932                  –                   –
                          Purchased                                                     –          222,495                    –
                          Issued                                                        –                 –            (2,834)
                          Exercised                                                     –                 –             2,067
                          Disposal                                                      –          (114,484)                  –


                          At December 31, 2025                                    39,498           138,022             (2,051)




210 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025




42. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (c)    Fair value measurements of financial instruments (continued)
           (ii)    Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)
                   Included in other comprehensive income is an amount of RMB2,932,000 gain relating to unlisted equity
                   investment classified as equity instrument at FVTOCI held as at December 31, 2025 and is reported as
                   changes of FVTOCI reserve.


           (iii)   Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair
                   value
                   The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amount of the Group’s financial assets and
                   financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate to
                   their fair values.


43. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
    The employees of the Group entities in the PRC are members of the state-sponsored retirement benefit scheme
    organized by the relevant local government authority in the PRC. The PRC entities are required to contribute, based
    on a certain percentage of the payroll costs of their employees, to the retirement benefit scheme and have no further
    obligations for the actual payment of pensions or post-retirement benefits beyond the annual contributions. The total
    amount provided by the Group to the scheme in the PRC and charged to profit or loss are RMB19,023,000 (2024:
    RMB17,998,000) for the year ended December 31, 2025.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 211
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    44. PARTICULARS OF THE PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
           Details of the principal subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
           set out below.


                                                                                                 Proportion of ownership interest and
                                                                                                 voting power held by the Company

                                                   Place and date           Issued and
                                                of establishment/        fully paid-in/
            Name of subsidiaries                    incorporation    registered capital    31/12/2025    31/12/2024    Principal activities
                                                                                                   %             %


            Directly held
            Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute                 PRC     Registered capital        90.46         90.46    Research and
                                                  August 10, 2017      RMB20,341,100                                     development activities
            Beijing Guofu                                     PRC     Registered capital         100            100    Special equipment
                                                    April 25, 2021     RMB30,000,000                                     manufacturing
            Shanghai Qingping                                 PRC     Registered capital         100            100    Special equipment
                                                  January 14, 2021     RMB80,000,000                                     manufacturing
            Sichuan Guofu                                     PRC     Registered capital         100            100    Science and technology
                                                  August 13, 2021      RMB30,000,000                                     application services
            Inner Mongolia Guofu Hydrogen                     PRC     Registered capital         100            100    Sales of hydrogen
               Energy Technology Co., Ltd.      November 29, 2022      RMB50,000,000                                     equipment
               (內蒙古國富氫能科技有限公司)
            Shanghai Guofu                                    PRC     Registered capital         100            100    Special equipment
                                                  January 25, 2022    RMB100,000,000                                     manufacturing
            Xinjiang Guofu (Note i)                           PRC     Registered capital         100          92.02    Sales of hydrogen
                                                  January 25, 2022     RMB53,500,000                                     equipment services
            GF Hydrogen Europe GmbH (Note iv)            Germany        USD99,999 and            100            100    International wholesale
                                                     July 11, 2022         EUR200,000                                    and retail trade,
                                                                                                                         including import and
                                                                                                                         export of hydrogen
                                                                                                                         energy products
                                                                                                                         and equipment,
                                                                                                                         e-commerce and
                                                                                                                         commercial agency
                                                                                                                         services
            Jiaxing Guofu (Note v)                            PRC     Registered capital         100            100    Special equipment
                                                 October 10, 2024     RMB100,000,000                                     manufacturing
            Guangzhou Yunfu Hydrogen Energy                   PRC     Registered capital           80            Nil   Sales of hydrogen
               Technology Co., Ltd.                 June 20, 2025      RMB10,000,000                                     equipment
               (廣州雲富氫能科技有限公司)
               (“Guangzhou Yunfu“) (Note vi)




212 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2025




44. PARTICULARS OF THE PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                                                           Proportion of ownership interest and
                                                                                           voting power held by the Company

                                           Place and date             Issued and
                                         of establishment/         fully paid-in/
     Name of subsidiaries                   incorporation      registered capital    31/12/2025    31/12/2024    Principal activities
                                                                                             %             %

     Indirectly held
     Shanghai Qingmai (Note ii)                        PRC      Registered capital         100             90    Science and technology
                                           January 4, 2021       RMB30,000,000                                      application services
     Guofuhee Holdings Pte. Ltd.                 Singapore         USD5,000,000            100            100    Research and
       (Note iii)                        December 4, 2023                                                           experimental
                                                                                                                    development in
                                                                                                                    environmental and
                                                                                                                    clean technologies
                                                                                                                    (excluding
                                                                                                                    biotechnology)
     GFH2 Dubai (Note iii)                     United Arab           USD600,000             Nil           100    Renewable energy
                                                  Emirates                                                          consultancy
                                          October 10, 2023


     Zhangjiagang Heda Photovoltaic                    PRC      Registered capital         100             Nil   Sales of electricity
       New Energy Co., Ltd. (Note vii)        May 6, 2021         RMB3,000,000


     Yudu Hydrogen (Note viii)                         PRC      Registered capital        70.09            40    Sales of hydrogen-related
                                               July 3, 2023      RMB40,120,000                                      equipment


     Urumqi Outejie (Note vx)                          PRC      Registered capital        69.32            45    Sales of hydrogen
                                           August 28, 2014       RMB27,000,000                                      refueling stations
                                                                                                                    equipment and related
                                                                                                                    products




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 213
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    44. PARTICULARS OF THE PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

           Notes:

           i.       In September 2023, the Group acquired 70% equity interest of Xinjiang Guofu from an independent third party, Urumqi Longshengda
                    Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd., with a total consideration of RMB400,000. Upon the completion of this acquisition,
                    Company held 90% equity interest of Xinjiang Guofu. In October and December 2023, the Group contributed cash of RMB6,100,000
                    as additional capital injection in Xinjiang Guofu. In April, June, July and August 2024, the Group contributed cash of RMB16,550,000
                    as additional capital injection in Xinjiang Guofu and held 92.02% equity interest as at December 31, 2024. During January to
                    September 2025, the Group contributed aggregate cash of RMB12,705,000 as additional capital injection in Xinjiang Guofu. As at
                    September 16, 2025, the Group held a 94.2857% equity interest in Xinjiang Guofu. On September 17, 2025, the Group acquired the
                    remaining 5.7143% equity interest of Xinjiang Guofu from Urumqi Longshengda Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd., with
                    a consideration of RMB2,000,000, corresponding to RMB2,000,000 of registered capital. Upon the completion of this acquisition,
                    the Group held 100% equity interest of Xinjiang Guofu, corresponding to RMB35,000,000 of registered capital. During October to
                    December 2025, the Group contributed aggregate cash of RMB15,675,000 as additional capital injection in Xinjiang Guofu. As of
                    December 31, 2025, the Group’s actual capital contribution to Xinjiang Guofu amounted to RMB53,430,000.


           ii.      Shanghai Qingmai is a subsidiary of Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute. In March 2025, the Group acquired 5% equity interest of
                    Shanghai Qingmai from each of two independent individual shareholders, for consideration of RMB1,870,000 and RMB1,971,890
                    respectively. Upon the completion of these acquisitions, the Group held 100% equity interest of Shanghai Qingmai.

           iii.     Guofuhee Holdings Pte. Ltd. and GFH2 Dubai are subsidiaries of Shanghai Guofu. GFH2 Dubai was deregistered in September, 2025.

           iv       GF Hydrogen Europe GmbH was a subsidiary of Shanghai Guofu for the year ended December 31, 2023. On March 21, 2024, Shanghai
                    Guofu entered into an agreement with the Company to transfer 100% equity interest of GF Hydrogen Europe GmbH to the Company
                    with a consideration of nil. Upon the completion of the equity transfer, GF Hydrogen Europe GmbH became a wholly-owned subsidiary
                    of the Company.

           v        Jiaxing Guofu was incorporated on October 10, 2024. In January and December 2025, the Group made a total cash contribution of
                    RMB59,000,000 to Jiaxing Guofu.

           vi       Guangzhou Yunfu was incorporated on June 20, 2025. In October 2025, the Group made a capital contribution of RMB400,000,
                    acquired 80% equity interest of Guangzhou Yunfu.

           vii      Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute entered into an equity transfer agreement with an independent individual shareholder on April
                    1, 2025, and acquired 100% of equity interest in Zhangjiagang Heda Photovoltaic New Energy Co., Ltd. at a consideration of
                    RMB3,950,000.

           viii.    In September 2023, Xinjiang Guofu, entered into an agreement with an independent third party to acquire 40% subscription interest
                    in Yudu Hydrogen with a consideration of nil. The net assets of Yudu Hydrogen were nil on the acquisition date as it had no operation
                    since incorporation. Upon completion of the acquisition, Xinjiang Guofu contributed cash of RMB4,240,000 as capital injection in Yudu
                    Hydrogen by December 2023. In January and April 2024, Xinjiang Guofu contributed cash of RMB7,760,000 in total as additional
                    capital injection in Yudu Hydrogen.

                    On May 28, 2025, Xinjiang Guofu entered into a share transfer agreement to with an independent third party to acquire additional
                    20% equity interest in Yudu Hydrogen with a consideration of RMB3,496,000 to obtain the control of Yudu Hydrogen. Accordingly,
                    Yudu Hydrogen became a subsidiary of the Group from the acquisition date. From June to December 2025, Xinjiang Guofu contributed
                    cash of RMB16,120,000 as additional capital injections in Yudu Hydrogen and held 70.09% of its voting rights as at December 31,
                    2025.

           vx.      In October 2023, Xinjiang Guofu, a subsidiary of the Group, contributed cash of RMB945,000 as capital injection in Urumqi Outejie. In
                    March, June and July 2024, Xinjiang Guofu contributed cash of RMB6,525,000 as additional capital injections in Urumqi Outejie and
                    held 45% of its voting rights as at December 31, 2024. On October 13, 2025, Xinjiang Guofu entered into a share transfer agreement
                    to acquire an additional 14.9% subscription interest in Outejie with a consideration of nil to obtain control over Urumqi Outejie. From
                    March to November 2025, Xinjiang Guofu contributed cash of RMB11,160,000 to Urumqi Outejie as additional capital injections in
                    Urumqi Outejie and held 69.32% of its voting rights as at December 31, 2025.


           None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.



214 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2025




45. RECONCILIATION OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
    ACTIVITIES
   The table below details changes in the Group’s assets and liabilities arising from financing activities, including both
   cash and non-cash changes. Assets and liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were,
   or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing
   activities.


                                                                           Accrued/          Advanced
                                                            Lease            Prepaid         receipt of
                                   Borrowings           liabilities       issue costs       investment               Total
                                      RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


    At January 1, 2024                 837,149              1,142                743           200,000           1,039,034
    Financing cash flows                56,339             (1,158)           (11,784)                 –             43,397
    Issue costs incurred                     –                   –            11,321                  –             11,321
    New leases entered                       –              1,498                  –                  –              1,498
    Lease terminated                         –               (541)                 –                  –               (541)
    Issue of shares                          –                   –                 –           (200,000)          (200,000)
    Finance costs                       33,091                  73                 –                  –             33,164


    At December 31, 2024               926,579              1,014                280                  –            927,873
    Financing cash flows               50,139              (1,582)              (280)                 –            48,277
    Issue costs incurred                     –                   –                 –                  –                  –
    New leases entered                       –              4,096                  –                  –              4,096
    Finance costs                       37,373                119                  –                  –             37,492


    At December 31, 2025             1,014,091              3,647                  –                  –          1,017,738




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 215
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    46. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

                                                                             31/12/2025   31/12/2024
                                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000


            Non-current assets
               Property, plant and equipment                                    662,940     701,360
               Right-of-use assets                                               50,231      52,205
               Intangible assets                                                  8,026        9,795
               Investments in associates                                        128,025     130,710
               Investments in subsidiaries                                      289,351     157,591
               Equity instruments at fair value through other
                 comprehensive income                                            61,603            –
               Contract assets                                                    9,818      16,428
               Deferred tax assets                                               25,982     112,959
               Prepayment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment        7,042        4,335
               Loan receivables                                                   3,880        1,320
               Trade receivables                                                 70,712      63,643


                                                                              1,317,610    1,250,346


            Current assets
               Inventories                                                      187,443     129,470
               Loan receivables                                                   1,497         978
               Trade and other receivables                                      539,217     609,733
               Contract assets                                                   13,499      10,370
               Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                         8,456      27,469
               Amounts due from associates                                      140,516      85,487
               Amounts due from subsidiaries                                     74,715      52,553
               Financial assets at FVTPL                                        138,022      28,803
               Restricted bank deposits                                          49,826        4,413
               Cash and cash equivalents                                        380,693     316,326


                                                                              1,533,884    1,265,602




216 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2025




46. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
    (continued)

                                                                31/12/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000


    Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                     574,890              546,277
      Borrowings                                                   487,828              485,197
      FVTPL liabilities                                               2,051                   –
      Lease liabilities                                                   –                   –
      Provisions                                                      1,291               3,735
      Contract liabilities                                           10,038               5,782
      Amounts due to related parties                                  1,079               2,395
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                    58,636              28,348
      Deferred income                                                48,968              49,882


                                                                  1,184,781           1,121,616


    Net current assets                                             349,103              143,986


    Total assets less current liabilities                         1,666,713           1,394,332


    Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                120,076              104,710
      Reserves                                                    1,131,843             907,487


    Total equity                                                  1,251,919           1,012,197


    Non-current liabilities
      Borrowings                                                   389,195              351,893
      Lease liabilities                                                   –                   –
      Provisions                                                     11,758               7,771
      Deferred income                                                13,841              22,471


                                                                   414,794              382,135


                                                                  1,666,713           1,394,332




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 217
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the year ended December 31, 2025




    46. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
        (continued)
           Movement in the Company’s reserves
                                                                                     Share-based
                                                             Share        FVTOCI        payment Accumulated
                                                          premium        reserve         reserve       losses         Total
                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


            At January 1, 2024                             751,109          (255)          4,804     (261,016)      494,642
            Loss for the year                                    –              –              –     (209,155)     (209,155)
            Other comprehensive income for the year              –            67               –            –            67


            Total comprehensive income (expense)
               for the year                                      –            67               –     (209,155)     (209,088)
            Issue of shares (Note 35)                      219,480              –              –            –       219,480
            Issue of shares upon the IPO (Note 35)         354,734              –              –            –       354,734
            Transaction costs attribute to issue of
               new shares                                  (12,764)             –              –            –       (12,764)
            Recognition of equity-settled share-based
               payments (Note 36)                                –              –         60,483            –        60,483


            At December 31, 2024                         1,312,559          (188)         65,287     (470,171)      907,487
            Loss for the year                                    –              –              –     (369,667)     (369,667)
            Other comprehensive income for the year              –           128               –            –           128


            Total comprehensive income
               (expense) for the year                            –           128               –     (369,667)     (369,539)
            Issue of shares (Note 35)                      610,138              –              –            –       610,138
            Transaction costs attribute to issue of
               new shares                                  (32,033)             –              –            –       (32,033)
            Recognition of equity-settled share-based
               payments (Note 36)                                –              –         15,790            –        15,790


            At December 31, 2025                         1,890,664            (60)        81,077     (839,838)    1,131,843



    47. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
           On March 10, 2026, the Company and Macquarie Capital Limited, the placing agent, entered into a placing agreement.
           Pursuant to the agreement, the Company has agreed to appoint the placing agent to procure placees to subscribe
           for an aggregate of up to 4,908,950 H shares at the placing price of HK$31.07 per placing share. The placing was
           completed on March 18, 2026.




218 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                            Definitions

“AGM”                             the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Wednesday, May 20, 2026


“Articles of Association”         the articles of association of our Company, as amended from time to time


“Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Board


“Board” or “Board of Directors”   the board of Directors


“CG Code”                         the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules


“Company” or “our Company”        Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen Energy Equipment Co., Ltd. (江蘇國富氫能技術裝備股份有限公
                                  司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on June 13, 2016 and converted
                                  into a joint stock limited company on August 31, 2020, whose H Shares have been listed
                                  on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


“Director(s)”                     the director(s) of our Company


“Domestic Unlisted Share(s)”      ordinary Shares in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                  each, which are subscribed for and paid up in RMB


“FY2024”                          the year ended December 31, 2024


“FY2025”                          the year ended December 31, 2025


“Global Offering”                 an offering of 6,000,000 H Shares, comprising a final Hong Kong public offering of
                                  600,000 H Shares and a final international offering of 5,400,000 H Shares


“Group”, “Guofu Hydrogen”,        the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time
  “we”, “us” or”our”


“Inner Mongolia Guofu”            Inner Mongolia Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* (內蒙古國富氫能科技有限
                                  公司), a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on November 29, 2022 and a
                                  wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company


“H Share(s)”                      overseas-listed, foreign-invested, ordinary Shares issued by the Company with a nominal
                                  value of RMB1.00 each in the share capital of the Company, which are traded in Hong
                                  Kong dollars and listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


“HK$” or “Hong Kong dollars”      Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong


“Hong Kong” or “HK”               the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 219
    Definitions




    “Hydrogen Cloud Research           Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Cloud New Energy Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (張家港氫雲
      Institute”                       新能源研究院有限公司), a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on August
                                       10, 2017, held by the Company as to 90.46% and Jiangsu Southeast University Asset
                                       Management Co., Ltd.* (江蘇東南大學資產經營有限公司) as to 9.54%, and a non-wholly
                                       owned subsidiary of the Company


    “Hydrogen Win New Energy”          Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Win New Energy Industry Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (張
                                       家港氫贏新能源產業合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC
                                       on December 14, 2023 as an employee incentive platform and was owned by 38 limited
                                       partners, with the general partner being Mr. Wu


    “Hydrogen Ying New Energy”         Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Ying New Energy Industry Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (張
                                       家港氫盈新能源產業合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC
                                       on December 14, 2023 as an employee incentive platform and was owned by 39 limited
                                       partners, with the general partner being Mr. Wu


    “Joint Company Secretary(ies)”     the joint company secretary of the Company


    “Listing”                          the listing of the H Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on November 15,
                                       2024


    “Listing Rules”                    the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange, as amended,
                                       supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


    “Main Board”                       the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange which
                                       is independent from and operated in parallel with the Growth Enterprise Market of the
                                       Stock Exchange


    “Model Code”                       the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in
                                       Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


    “Mr. Wang”                         Mr. Wang Kai (王凱), the general manager of the Company and an executive Director


    “Mr. Wu”                           Mr. Wu Pinfang (鄔品芳), the chairman of the Board and an executive Director


    “New Cloud Technology”             Zhangjiagang New Cloud Technology Industry Consulting Enterprise (Limited
                                       Partnership)* ( 張 家 港 新 雲 科 技 產 業 諮 詢 企 業（ 有 限 合 夥 ）), a limited partnership
                                       incorporated in the PRC on April 11, 2016, with two general partners, being Mr. Wu and
                                       Mr. Wang, and 24 limited partners


    “Nomination Committee”             the nomination committee of the Board


    “PRC” or “China”                   The People’s Republic of China




220 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                                         Definitions




“PRC Company Law”                   the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 公 司 法 》), as
                                    amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan(s)”   the pre-IPO employee share incentive plans adopted by the Company on January 13,
                                    2019, October 10, 2020 and November 24, 2023, the principal terms of which are
                                    summarized under the section headed “Report of the Board of Directors – Pre-IPO Share
                                    Incentive Plans” in this annual report


“Prospectus”                        the prospectus issued by the Company in connection with the Global Offering dated
                                    November 7, 2024


“Qingjie New Energy”                Zhangjiagang Qingjie New Energy Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (張家
                                    港氫捷新能源科技合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC
                                    on January 17, 2019 as an employee incentive platform and was owned by 37 limited
                                    partners, with the general partner being Mr. He Guangliang (何光亮), a Supervisor


“R&D”                               research and development


“Remuneration and                   the remuneration and review committee of the Board
  Review Committee”


“RMB”                               Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“SFC”                               the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong


“SFO”                               the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                    amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Shanghai Guofu”                    Shanghai Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology Equipment Co., Ltd.* (上海國富氫能技術
                                    裝備有限公司), a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on January 25, 2022
                                    and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company


“Shanghai Qingmai”                  Shanghai Qingmai Engineering Technology Co., Ltd.* (上海氫邁工程技術有限公司), a
                                    limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on January 4, 2021, held by Hydrogen
                                    Cloud Research Institute, Li Huaqiang ( 李 華 強 ) and Wang Xiaohong ( 王 曉 虹 ) as to
                                    90.00%, 5.00% and 5.00%, respectively, and a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
                                    Company


“Shanghai Qingping”                 Shanghai Qingping Technology Equipment Co., Ltd.* (上海氫平技術裝備有限公司), a
                                    limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on January 14, 2021 and a wholly-
                                    owned subsidiary of the Company


“Share(s)”                          ordinary share(s) with nominal value of RMB1.00 each in the share capital of the
                                    Company, comprising the Domestic Unlisted Shares and our H Shares


                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 221
    Definitions




    “Shareholder(s)”                     holder(s) of the Shares


    “Stock Exchange”                     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


    “Strategy Committee”                 the strategy committee of the Board


    “Supervisor(s)”                      supervisor(s) of the Company prior to the abolition of the Supervisory Committee


    “Supervisory Committee”              the supervisory committee of our Company, which has been abolished on December 29,
                                         2025


    “United States” or “U.S.”            the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its
                                         jurisdiction


    “%”                                  per cent


    If there is any inconsistency between the names of any of the entities, laws and regulations mentioned in this annual report
    which are not in the English language and their English translations, the names in their respective original languages shall
    prevail. The English translations are marked with “*” for identification purpose only.




222 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
