INTERIM REPORT

2025
Contents
Corporate Information                                      2
Financial Highlights                                       4
Management Discussion and Analysis                         5
Corporate Governance and Other Information                12
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and   24
 Other Comprehensive Income
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position    26
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity     28
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows            29
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements      30
Definitions                                               54
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                  STRATEGY COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors                                 Mr. WU Pinfang (Chairman)
                                                        Ms. TONG Sze Wan
    Mr. WU Pinfang (Chairman)
                                                        Mr. ZHANG Yongjun
    Mr. WANG Kai (General Manager)
    Mr. SHI Jian (resigned on July 31, 2025)
                                                        AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Non-executive Directors                             Mr. WANG Kai (appointed on July 31, 2025)
                                                        Ms. WONG Hoi Ting
    Mr. GU Yanjun
                                                        Mr. SHI Jian (resigned on July 31, 2025)
    Mr. ZHOU Lin
    Ms. LIU Yilin
                                                        AUDITORS
    Independent Non-executive Directors                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Ms. TONG Sze Wan                                    Certified Public Accountants
    Mr. ZHANG Yongjun                                   Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
    Dr. ZOU Jiasheng                                    35/F, One Pacific Place
                                                        88 Queensway, Admiralty
    SUPERVISORS                                         Hong Kong

    Mr. HE Guangliang                                   HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR
    Ms. ZHAO Jing
    Mr. KUANG Kaifeng                                   Morgan, Lewis & Bockius
                                                        19/F, Edinburgh Tower
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                   The Landmark
                                                        15 Queen’s Road Central
    Ms. WONG Hoi Ting                                   Central, Hong Kong

    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                     PRC LEGAL ADVISOR
    Ms. TONG Sze Wan (Chairlady)                        Lifeng Partners
    Mr. GU Yanjun                                       39/F, Tower 2, Jing An Kerry Centre
    Dr. ZOU Jiasheng                                    1539 West Nanjing Road
                                                        Shanghai, the PRC
    REMUNERATION AND REVIEW COMMITTEE
    Dr. ZOU Jiasheng (Chairman)                         COMPLIANCE ADVISER
    Mr. WU Pinfang                                      Soochow Securities International
    Ms. TONG Sze Wan                                      Capital Limited
                                                        Level 17, Three Pacific Place
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                1 Queen’s Road East

    Mr. ZHANG Yongjun (Chairman)                        Hong Kong

    Mr. WU Pinfang (appointed on July 31, 2025)
    Ms. TONG Sze Wan
    Mr. SHI Jian (resigned on July 31, 2025)



2   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                    Corporate Information




REGISTERED OFFICE AND HEAD OFFICE
IN THE PRC
No. 236
Guotai North Road
Zhangjiagang City
Jiangsu Province
the PRC


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
HONG KONG
31/F., Tower Two
Times Square
1 Matheson Street
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKS
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Zhangjiagang Branch
No. 3-98, Renmin West Road
Zhangjiagang City
Jiangsu Province
the PRC


HONG KONG H SHARE REGISTRAR
Computershare Hong Kong
  Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai
Hong Kong


STOCK CODE
2582


COMPANY’S WEBSITE
www.guofuhee.com




                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025   3
    Financial Highlights


    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                        For the six months ended June 30,
     Operating Results                                            2025                2024
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


     Revenue                                                   108,956             134,886
     Gross profit                                                  947              13,613
     Loss before tax                                           (106,251)           (131,581)
     Loss for the period                                        (88,979)           (111,402)
     Loss per share – Basic (RMB)                                 (0.85)              (1.14)


    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                 As at June 30,
     Operating Results                                            2025                2024
                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


     Total assets                                             2,557,475           2,564,529
     Total liabilities                                        1,637,947           1,571,621
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company              918,530             991,025




4   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                          Management Discussion and Analysis


BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND OUTLOOK OF THE GROUP
As an important direction for the transformation of the national energy strategy, the hydrogen energy industry is currently
undergoing a critical development phase, transitioning from policy-driven growth to a dual-driven model of “policy + market”.
With continuous technological iteration, ongoing cost optimization, and accelerated expansion of application scenarios, the
commercialization process of China’s hydrogen fuel cell market continues to deepen, and the industry has broad long-term
development prospects.


During the first half of 2025, the Company maintained its leading position in the market for vehicle-mounted hydrogen supply
systems. From 2019 to June 30, 2025, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology’s fuel cell vehicle announcements
totaled 1,248 models (excluding chassis announcements), of which over 500 fuel cell vehicles were equipped with the
Company’s vehicle-mounted hydrogen supply systems. In the market for hydrogen refueling station equipment, the Company
steadily expanded our business. According to Gaogong Hydrogen and Electrochemistry Industry Research Institute (GGII)’s
China Hydrogen Refueling Station Database (中國加氫站數據庫), as of the end of June 2025, a total of 527 hydrogen refueling
stations had been built in China, and the Company provided equipment and supporting services for over 120 of them. In
the field of hydrogen liquefaction, the Company is deeply exploring an integrated business model of “green power to green
hydrogen + green hydrogen liquefaction + green hydrogen transportation + green hydrogen refueling + green hydrogen
mobility”. In April 2025, the Company established a joint venture in Darhan Muminggan United Banner, Inner Mongolia—
Inner Mongolia Huafa Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (內蒙古華發氫能科技有限公司) to lead the development of
the region’s wind-to-green-hydrogen liquefaction ecological project. Additionally, the Company achieved a breakthrough
in overseas water electrolysis hydrogen production market by delivering our first batch of demonstration alkaline water
electrolysis hydrogen production equipment to an Indian client, marking our initial competitiveness in the international
market.


The industry is currently in a transitional phase marked by policy mechanism optimization and market rule establishment,
with several factors putting pressure on short-term performance, including: (1) downstream customers are placing higher
demands on whole-vehicle cost control amid the gradual optimization of subsidy policies, driving the hydrogen energy industry
chain into a new phase of market-based competition and subjecting product prices to temporary downward pressure; (2) a
time lag between the implementation of new support policies and market expectations, which has temporarily disrupted the
pace of fuel cell vehicle promotion. Some companies have adopted pricing strategies to clear inventory or capture market
share, further intensifying market competition; and (3) the temporary slowdown in the growth of the fuel cell vehicle market
has had a certain ripple effect on investment enthusiasm for upstream hydrogen refueling stations and other infrastructure.
Under the influence of the aforementioned market environment and customer demand, the Group’s revenue for the first half
of 2025 was approximately RMB109.0 million, representing a decrease of approximately 19.2% as compared with that for
the same period last year; gross profit was approximately RMB0.9 million, representing a decrease of approximately 93.0%
as compared with that for the same period last year. However, due to the recovery of certain significant account receivables
during the Reporting Period, increased government subsidies and electricity fee income, higher other income, narrowed losses,
and reduced costs and expenses, the Group’s loss decreased by approximately 20.1% to approximately RMB89.0 million as
compared with that for the same period last year.




                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025    5
    Management Discussion and Analysis




    Despite the decrease in the Group’s revenue for the Reporting Period, the Company is actively expanding its overseas
    cooperation and business layout. The Company aims to promote the implementation and application of green hydrogen
    projects in relevant regions over the next year through technological and product improvements and full cooperation with
    its overseas partners. The Company also aims to reduce manufacturing cost and improve production efficiency by setting
    cost reduction and efficiency improvement targets in order to gradually achieve economies of scale to reduce the production
    costs and improve the profitability of the Company. The Company believes that overseas markets are crucial to its business
    development. In the first half of 2025, the Company actively expanded its overseas cooperation and business layout. Since
    February 2025, the Company, through its overseas joint ventures and business partners, has started to explore potential
    overseas hydrogen energy investment projects. Following thorough assessments, site visits, and management discussions,
    the Company identified several promising projects abroad supported by favorable conditions and practical feasibility. These
    potential projects include hydrogen refueling stations, hydrogen production equipment manufacturing plants, liquid hydrogen
    facilities, and water electrolysis hydrogen production projects located in China and other countries. The Company is actively
    working with local joint ventures, as well as upstream and downstream industry partners, to advance potential hydrogen
    projects.


    Looking ahead to the second half of 2025, the Group will fully leverage its advantages as a leading domestic enterprise and a
    key player in the local hydrogen energy industry chain. It will collaborate with core entities across the hydrogen energy industry
    chain to identify regions with distinct advantages and establish a closed-loop hydrogen energy ecosystem. Through this closed-
    loop model, the Group will integrate resources across the hydrogen energy industry, establishing a complete industry chain
    spanning hydrogen production, storage, transportation, refueling, and hydrogen-powered vehicle applications. This initiative
    aims to promote the scaled and clustered development of the hydrogen energy industry within the region. The Company
    will continue to enhance its competitive advantages in hydrogen energy core equipment field that is used for green energy
    transportation, and continue to leverage the synergies generated from business lines such as vehicle-mounted hydrogen supply
    systems (including high pressure and liquid hydrogen), and equipment for hydrogen refueling stations (including high pressure
    and liquid hydrogen). By developing and demonstrating innovative liquid hydrogen products, the Company aims to promote
    new developments in the commercial application of fuel cell vehicles and hydrogen refueling stations. Going forward, the
    Company will gradually increase the proportion of revenue generated from hydrogen liquefaction and liquid hydrogen storage
    and transportation equipment, as well as water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and related products.


    To achieve the Group’s objective, the Group plans to implement the following key strategies: (i) to generate synergy of the
    Group’s existing business lines and build an ecosystem for the development of the hydrogen energy industry; (ii) to adhere to
    the R&D-driven strategy and promote technology upgrades and product iterations; (iii) to expedite the Group’s globalization
    strategy to realize the expansion of our international presence; (iv) to strengthen the Group’s manufacturing capabilities
    and increase production capacity; (v) to actively participate in the formulation of policies and standards of hydrogen energy
    and capitalize on the opportunities brought by favorable government policies; and (vi) to continue to attract and cultivate
    professional talents and improve the Group’s operational efficiency with the support of comprehensive talent training and
    team building.


    Looking ahead, the Group aims to continue to solidify its position as a leading hydrogen energy storage and transport
    equipment manufacturer in the PRC by driving growth through innovation and expanding the Group’s product offerings.




6   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




Financial Review
Revenue
The Group’s revenue mainly consists of the sales derived from its four major product types: (i) vehicle-mounted high-pressure
hydrogen supply systems and related products; (ii) equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and related products; (iii)
equipment for hydrogen liquefaction and the storage and transportation of liquid hydrogen; and (iv) water electrolysis
hydrogen production equipment and related products.


The following table sets forth a breakdown of the revenue by product type for the periods indicated:


                                                                     For the six months ended
                                                                              June 30,                              Percentage
                                                                            2025                   2024              of change
                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


 Vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems
   and related products                                                   91,295                 72,046                 26.7%
 Equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and
   related products                                                       13,993                 62,840                (77.7)%
 Water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and
   related products                                                         3,668                      –                     N/A
 Equipment for hydrogen liquefaction and the storage
   and transportation of liquid hydrogen                                        –                      –                     N/A


Total                                                                    108,956                134,886                (19.2)%


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB109.0 million, as compared to approximately
RMB134.9 million for the Previous Period, representing a decrease of approximately 19.2%, which was mainly attributable
to the decline in revenue generated from equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and related products, due to (i) reduced
subsidies for fuel cell vehicles and the absence of new national support policies; (ii) weakened enthusiasm for fuel cell vehicle
promotion and decrease in the number of hydrogen refueling station projects; and (iii) some manufacturers and market player
intentionally lowering prices to capture market share and clear inventories, resulting in an overall market price decline.


Cost of Sales
The Group’s cost of sales consists primarily of (i) raw material costs, which mainly include the procurement costs for carbon
fiber, pipes and valves, electrical instrumentation, aluminum tubes, compressors and compressor skids; (ii) direct labor costs,
which mainly represent the manpower used in the production activities; and (iii) manufacturing expenses, which mainly include
utility expenses, low value consumables and depreciation of manufacturing expenses relating to the plants, machinery and
equipment used in connection with its production activities.


Cost of sales of the Group decreased by approximately 10.9% from approximately RMB121.3 million for the Previous
Period to approximately RMB108.0 million for the Reporting Period, primarily due to the decrease in raw material costs and
manufacturing expenses resulted from the decrease in sales volume of equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and related
products.
                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025    7
    Management Discussion and Analysis




    Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
    Gross profit of the Group decreased by approximately 93.0% from approximately RMB13.6 million for the Previous Period
    to approximately RMB0.9 million for the Reporting Period. Gross profit margin decreased from approximately 10.1% for the
    Previous Period to approximately 0.9% for the Reporting Period. The decrease in gross profit was primarily due to the decline
    in average selling prices driven by (i) intensified price competition for vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems
    and related products in the overall market environment; and (ii) some manufacturers and market players lowered prices to
    capture market share and clear inventory.


    Other Income
    Other income of the Group increased by approximately 157.8% from approximately RMB5.8 million for the Previous Period
    to approximately RMB14.9 million for the Reporting Period. Such increase was primarily due to (i) the increase in government
    grants; and (ii) the increase in electricity income.


    Other Gains and Losses
    Other gains and losses of the Group decreased by approximately 74.9% from approximately RMB0.4 million for the Previous
    Period to approximately RMB0.1 million for the Reporting Period. Such decrease was primarily due to (i) the decrease in net
    foreign exchange losses; and (ii) the increase in gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment.


    Impairment Losses under Expected Credit Loss Model, Net of Reversal
    Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal of the Group decreased by approximately 72.4% from
    approximately RMB19.6 million for the Previous Period to approximately RMB5.4 million for the Reporting Period. Such
    decrease was primarily due to the decrease in provisions for impairment of trade receivables.


    Selling Expenses
    Selling expenses of the Group decreased by approximately 10.4% from approximately RMB22.4 million for the Previous Period
    to approximately RMB20.1 million for the Reporting Period. Such decrease was primarily due to decrease in the share-based
    payment expenses recorded in the selling expenses.


    Research and Development Expenses
    Research and development expenses of the Group decreased by approximately 15.7% from approximately RMB19.9 million for
    the Previous Period to approximately RMB16.8 million for the Reporting Period. Such decrease was primarily due to decrease
    in the share-based payment expenses recorded in the research and development expenses.


    Administrative Expenses
    Administrative expenses of the Group remained stable at approximately RMB62.0 million for the Previous Period and
    approximately RMB61.1 million for the Reporting Period.


    Share of Results of Associates
    Share of results of associates of the Group remained stable at approximately RMB1.8 million for the Previous Period and
    approximately RMB1.8 million for the Reporting Period.



8   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




Finance Costs
Finance costs of the Group increased by approximately 3.5% from approximately RMB16.3 million for the Previous Period
to approximately RMB16.8 million for the Reporting Period. Such slight increase was primarily due to (i) the increase in
interest due to the expansion of the Company’s loan amounts; and (ii) a reduction in capitalized interest amounts due to the
conversion to fixed assets of the production facility in Qingpu District, Shanghai.


Income Tax Credit
Income tax credit of the Group decreased by approximately 14.4% from approximately RMB20.2 million for the Previous
Period to approximately RMB17.3 million for the Reporting Period. Such decrease was primarily due to the decrease in
provisions for impairment of trade receivables.


Loss for the Reporting Period
As the result of the foregoing, the loss for the period of the Group decreased by approximately 20.1% from approximately
RMB111.4 million for the Previous Period to approximately RMB89.0 million for the Reporting Period.


Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources
The Group’s primary sources of liquidity consist of cash generated from operating activities, bank borrowings and proceeds
from the listing of its H Shares on the Stock Exchange on November 15, 2024. The Group may require additional cash for
future growth and/or incur additional capital expenditures for the development of its business, including any expansion plan of
its production facilities to meet increasing customer demand and to manufacture more advanced hydrogen energy equipment.
If the Group’s cash is insufficient to satisfy its working capital requirements, the Group may seek to issue additional equity or
debt securities or obtain new or expanded credit facilities.


As of June 30, 2025, the Group had restricted bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB301.3
million, representing a decrease of approximately 11.5% as compared to approximately RMB340.3 million at the beginning of
the Reporting Period. As of June 30, 2025, the Group had net current assets of approximately RMB2.8 million as compared to
approximately RMB134.8 million as of December 31, 2024. The current ratio of the Group decreased to approximately 1.0 as
of June 30, 2025 from approximately 1.1 as of December 31, 2024.


Borrowings and Charges on Group Assets
As of June 30, 2025, the Group’s borrowings primarily consisted of bank loans and the transfer proceeds received from sale
leaseback transactions amounted to approximately RMB993.2 million and RMB45.4 million, respectively. As of June 30, 2025,
the Group has secured borrowings of approximately RMB481.3 million; the range of effective interest rates per annum of
the borrowings for fixed-rate borrowings and variable-rate borrowings are 3.00%-7.78% and 3.20%-5.00%, respectively.
Borrowings of approximately RMB631.8 million are at fixed interest rates. As of June 30, 2025, the Group’s borrowings were
all denominated in RMB.


As of June 30, 2025, the Group pledged (i) the buildings and construction in progress with carrying amounts of approximately
RMB499.6 million and equipment with carrying amounts of approximately RMB49.4 million; and (ii) the leasehold lands with
carrying amounts of approximately RMB76.0 million, to secure general banking facilities.




                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025    9
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Gearing Ratio
     The gearing ratio (calculated as total liabilities divided by total assets) as of June 30, 2025 was approximately 64.0%
     (December 31, 2024: approximately 61.3%). Such increase was primarily due to the expansion of the Company’s loan
     amounts.


     Capital Commitments
     The Group’s capital expenditure during the Reporting Period was mainly related to purchase of property, plant and equipment
     and investments in joint ventures. As of June 30, 2025, the Group had capital commitments of approximately RMB30.6 million
     (December 31, 2024: approximately RMB52.6 million).


     Capital Expenditures
     The Group’s capital expenditures during the Reporting Period mainly consisted of property, plant and equipment and right-of-
     use assets. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s capital expenditures amounted to approximately RMB110.5 million (Previous
     Period: approximately RMB81.2 million).


     Contingent Liabilities
     The Group had no material contingent liabilities as of June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024, respectively.


     Foreign Exchange and Exchange Rate Risk
     The Group primarily operates in the PRC and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from fluctuations in exchange rates
     between Renminbi and other currencies as certain financial liabilities are denominated in foreign currency. The Group currently
     does not have a foreign exchange hedging policy. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not use any financial instruments
     for foreign exchange hedging purposes, nor did it employ any currency borrowings and other hedging instruments for hedging
     purposes. However, the management monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign
     exchange exposure should the need arise.


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
     CAPITAL ASSETS
     The Group did not hold any significant investment and events which could have material impact on its operating and financial
     performance for the Reporting Period. Save as disclosed in this interim report, the Company had no specific plans for
     significant investments or acquisitions of capital assets.


     MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL
     During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates, or assets.




10   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
On July 29, 2025, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Macquarie Bank Limited, pursuant to which the
Company has conditionally agreed to issue and Macquarie Bank Limited has conditionally agreed to subscribe for 6,000,000
warrants conferring the rights to subscribe up to 6,000,000 new H Shares to be allotted and issued upon exercise of the
subscription rights attaching to the warrants. The warrants issued has a term of 18 months from the issue date. For details,
please refer to the announcement and the circular of the Company dated July 29, 2025.


Save as disclosed above, no significant events have taken place after the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim
report.


EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As of June 30, 2025, the Group had a total of 560 employees (December 31, 2024: 543). The total staff cost for the Reporting
Period was approximately RMB59.8 million, as compared to approximately RMB75.6 million for the six months ended June
30, 2024. The remuneration packages of the Group’s employees are determined with reference to individual qualification,
experience, performance, contribution to the Group and prevailing market rate, which include salaries, bonuses, benefits and
share-based payments.


The Group has an effective training system, including orientation and continuous on-the-job training, to accelerate the
learning progress and improve the knowledge and skill levels of our workforce. The orientation process covers subjects such
as corporate culture and policies, work ethics and occupational safety. The periodic on-the-job training covers environmental,
health and safety management systems and mandatory training required by applicable laws and regulations.


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board has resolved not to declare any payment of interim dividend for the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025    11
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
     The Directors and the management of the Group recognize the importance of sound corporate governance to the long-term
     success and continuing development of the Group. Therefore, the Board is committed to upholding good corporate standards
     and procedures, so as to improve the accountability system and transparency of the Group, and protect the interests and
     create value for the Shareholders. The Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance. The
     Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in Part 2 of the CG Code during the Reporting Period. The
     Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the CG Code.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors and
     Supervisors. The Board is pleased to confirm that, after making specific enquiries with all Directors and Supervisors, all
     Directors and Supervisors have fully complied with the standards required according to the Model Code during the Reporting
     Period.


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
     The Company issued H Shares at HK$65.0 per Share and offered 6,000,000 H Shares in Hong Kong, which were listed on the
     Main Board of the Stock Exchange on November 15, 2024. The net proceeds (the “Net Proceeds”) received by the Company
     from the Global Offering, after deducting underwriting fees and commissions and other expenses payable by the Company in
     connection with the Global Offering, amounted to approximately HK$339.7 million, equivalent to approximately RMB314.5
     million.


     As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated May 26, 2025 and June 12, 2025, the Board resolved to change part
     of the unutilized Net Proceeds of approximately HK$78.1 million, equivalent to approximately RMB72.3 million in total,
     originally intended to be used for (i) establishing the production lines for water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment
     in Zhangjiagang Factory Phase III, (ii) establishing the production lines of Type-III cylinders in Zhangjiagang Factory Phase III
     and (iii) purchasing the relevant production equipment for a new production facility of Type-IV cylinders in Qingpu District,
     Shanghai, to collaborating on investment and cooperation of hydrogen projects in China and overseas, including but not
     limited to hydrogen production plants, hydrogen refueling stations and hydrogen liquefaction plants.




12   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                         Corporate Governance and Other Information




As of June 30, 2025, the Net Proceeds were used as follows:


                                                                                                                      Unutilized
                                                                                                                   Net Proceeds          Expected time
                                                                                                 Net Proceeds     under revised               to utilize
                                                                    Original         Revised     utilized as of       allocation         the remaining
                                                                      use of           use of          June 30,   as of June 30,          Net Proceeds
  Use of Proceeds                                              Net Proceeds     Net Proceeds              2025             2025                 in full(1)
                                                                (RMB million)    (RMB million)    (RMB million)     (RMB million)


  Expand the production capacity for certain                           176.5            176.5             43.1             133.3           By the end of
    products                                                                                                                             the year ending
                                                                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                                                                                   2026
      – Establish the production lines for water                        70.8             47.2             27.0              20.2           By the end of
         electrolysis hydrogen production equipment in                                                                                   the year ending
         Zhangjiagang Factory Phase III                                                                                                    December 31,
                                                                                                                                                   2026
      – Establish the production lines of Type-III cylinders            52.8             31.5             12.9              18.6           By the end of
         in Zhangjiagang Factory Phase III                                                                                               the year ending
                                                                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                                                                                                   2026
      – Purchase the relevant production equipment for                  52.8             25.5              3.2              22.3           By the end of
         a new production facility of Type-IV cylinders in                                                                               the year ending
         Qingpu District, Shanghai                                                                                                         December 31,
                                                                                                                                                   2026
    – Promote the construction of integrated hydrogen                      –              N/A              N/A               N/A                     N/A
       production and refueling stations through
       investment and cooperation in certain areas in
       China
    – Collaborate on investment and cooperation                          N/A             72.3              N/A              72.3           By the end of
       of hydrogen projects in China and overseas,                                                                                       the year ending
       including but not limited to hydrogen                                                                                               December 31,
       production plants, hydrogen refueling stations,                                                                                             2026
       and hydrogen liquefaction plants
  Enhance the R&D capabilities and pursue                              106.6            106.6              6.7              99.9           By the end of
    continuous technology upgrades and                                                                                                   the year ending
    product iterations                                                                                                                     December 31,
                                                                                                                                                   2026
  Working capital and general corporate                                 31.5             31.5             31.5                 –                     N/A
   purposes to support the Group’s business
   operation and growth


  Total                                                                314.5            314.5             81.3             233.2


Note:

(1)     The expected timeline for using the unutilized Net Proceeds is based on the best estimation of the present and future business market situations
        made by the Board, and it will be subject to changes based on the future development of market conditions.



                                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025      13
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim report, there was no purchase, sale (including sale of treasury
     shares, if any) or redemption of any listed securities of the Company by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.


     As at June 30, 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     During the Reporting Period and as of the date of this interim report, the Company did not engage in any new activities (i)
     in any country or territory subject either to a general and comprehensive embargo or a more limited set of export, import,
     financial or investment restrictions under sanctions related laws or regulation of any jurisdictions relevant to the Company and
     has sanctions related law or regulation restricting, among other things, its nationals and/or entities which are incorporated
     or located in that jurisdiction from directly or indirectly making assets or services available to or otherwise dealing in assets or
     certain countries, governments, person or entities targeted by such law or regulation (“Countries subject to International
     Sanctions”) or (ii) with person(s) and identity(ies) (“Sanctioned Persons”) listed on the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office
     of Foreign Assets Control’s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List or other restricted parties lists maintained
     by the United States of America (“U.S.”), the European Union (“EU”), the United Nations (“UN”), the United Kingdom (“UK”)
     or Australia. The Company has no plan for any new activities in Countries subject to International Sanctions or with Sanctioned
     Persons.


     The Company has established risk management and internal control systems to monitor the Company’s exposure to sanctions
     law risks and its implementation of the related internal control procedures, with particular emphasis on the Company’s
     risk management policies and standards, and to supervise and monitor the Company’s exposure to sanctions law risks. The
     management of the Company has constantly monitored the implementation of those measures and procedures through
     the Company’s internal control personnel for each stage of the production process. The Board also periodically reviews the
     Company’s internal control policies and procedures with respect to sanctions law matters.


     The Company’s management reviews all relevant potential business transactions between the Group and its customers/
     suppliers or potential customers/suppliers from Countries subject to International Sanctions and with Sanctioned Persons
     and identify if any trade restrictions are imposed by any countries against any customers/suppliers or potential customers/
     suppliers. Additionally, the management or its designated staff check counterparties against restricted parties and countries
     lists maintained by the U.S., the EU, the UN, the UK and Australia. The Company also monitors new applicable international
     sanctions laws and regulations and trade restrictions or any change to existing international sanctions law and regulations
     and trade restrictions and seek advice from international sanctions consultant or international sanctions legal advisers on the
     Group’s compliance with applicable sanctions laws and regulations where necessary.


     The Company will continue to disclose on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Group if it believes that the
     transactions the Group entered into in Countries subject to International Sanctions or with Sanctioned Persons would put the
     Group or the Shareholders and investors of the Company to risks of being sanctioned, and in its annual reports or interim
     reports (i) details of any new activities in sanctioned countries or with sanctioned persons; (ii) its efforts on monitoring its
     business exposure to sanctions risks; and (iii) the status of, and the anticipated plans for, any new activities in Countries subject
     to International Sanctions or with Sanctioned Persons.




14   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                Corporate Governance and Other Information




DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE
COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As at June 30, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and the chief executives of the Company
in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8
of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions
of the SFO), or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or
which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange were as follows:


                                                                                                             Approximate          Approximate
                                                                                                            Percentage of        Percentage of
                                                                                                          Shareholding in      Shareholding in
                                                                                           Number of the Relevant Type         the Total Issued
  Name                      Nature of Interest           Type of Shares                         Shares           of Shares       Share Capital


  Mr. Wu (1)                Interest in controlled       Domestic Unlisted Shares           2,142,440                8.49%               2.05%
                              corporation                H Shares                          20,970,357              26.38%               20.03%
                            Beneficial owner             Domestic Unlisted Shares           1,712,993                6.79%               1.64%
                                                         H Shares                           1,712,994                2.16%               1.64%
  Mr. Wang (2)              Interest in controlled       H Shares                          18,827,916              23.69%               17.98%
                              corporation
                            Interest held jointly with   Domestic Unlisted Shares           3,855,433              15.29%                3.68%
                              another person             H Shares                           3,855,435                4.85%               3.68%
  Mr. He Guangliang (3)     Interest in controlled       Domestic Unlisted Shares             750,000                2.97%               0.72%
                              corporation                H Shares                             750,000                0.94%               0.72%

Notes:

(1)      Mr. Wu is the beneficial owner of 1,712,993 Domestic Unlisted Shares and 1,712,994 H Shares. In addition, pursuant to the SFO, Mr. Wu is
         deemed to be interested in (i) the 18,827,916 H Shares held by New Cloud Technology in the Company due to his role as a general partner
         in New Cloud Technology and the acting in concert agreement between him and Mr. Wang; (ii) the 933,335 H Shares and 933,334 Domestic
         Unlisted Shares held by Hydrogen Ying New Energy and 459,106 H Shares and 459,106 Domestic Unlisted Shares held by Hydrogen Win New
         Energy in the Company due to his role as a general partner in Hydrogen Ying New Energy and Hydrogen Win New Energy, respectively; and
         (iii) the 750,000 H Shares and 750,000 Domestic Unlisted Shares held by Qingjie New Energy in the Company, whose voting rights have been
         entrusted to him pursuant to the relevant voting rights proxy agreement.

(2)      Mr. Wang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by New Cloud Technology, Qingjie New Energy, Hydrogen Ying New Energy and
         Hydrogen Win New Energy in the Company due to his role as a general partner and/or the acting in concert agreement between him and Mr.
         Wu, as the case may be, under the SFO.


(3)      Mr. He Guangliang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Qingjie New Energy in the Company due to his role as a general partner
         under the SFO.




                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025       15
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2025, none of the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the Company had or was
     deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its
     associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were
     taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to
     be recorded in the register referred to therein; or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to the Model Code.


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
     AND UNDERLYING SHARES
     As at June 30, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons/entities (other than the Directors,
     Supervisors or chief executive of the Company) had, or were deemed to have, interests or short positions in the Shares or
     underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions
     2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section
     336 of the SFO were as follows:


                                                                                                                    Approximate         Approximate
                                                                                                                   Percentage of        Percentage of
                                                                                                                 Shareholding in     Shareholding in
                                                                                                 Number of          the Relevant     the Total Issued
       Name of Shareholder        Nature of Interest          Type of Shares                          Shares      Type of Shares        Share Capital


       New Cloud Technology       Beneficial owner            H Shares                           18,827,916               23.69%               17.98%
       Chen Jinxia (1)            Interest in controlled      Domestic Unlisted Shares             3,636,721              14.42%                3.47%
                                    corporation

     Note:

     (1)     Under the SFO, Chen Jinxia is deemed to be interested in (i) the 428,783 Domestic Unlisted Shares held by Shanghai Hongcheng Venture Capital
             Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (上海泓成創業投資合夥企業（有限合夥）); (ii) the 2,500,000 Domestic Unlisted Shares held by Zhangjiagang
             Yongyuan Huaneng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)*(張家港湧源鏵能股權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）); (iii) 285,855 Domestic
             Unlisted Shares held by Huzhou Jurenyongxing Equity Investment Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)* (湖州巨人湧興股權投資合夥企業
             （有限合夥）); and (iv) 422,083 Domestic Unlisted Shares held by Shanghai Yongju Private Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
             (上海湧鉅私募投資基金合夥企業（有限合夥）), due to her direct and/or indirect interests in such companies.


     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2025, the Directors were not aware of any other persons/entities (other than the
     Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying
     Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of
     Part XV of the SFO or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the
     SFO.




16   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Corporate Governance and Other Information




PRE-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans approved and adopted by the Company
on January 13, 2019 (the “2019 Plan”), October 10, 2020 (the “2020 Plan”) and November 24, 2023 (the “2023 Plan”)
for the purpose of attracting and retaining talents for the Group. Under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans, eligible incentive
recipients as approved by the Company may subscribe for the Shares pursuant to the 2020 Plan and subscribe for the limited
partnership interests (the “Incentive Awards”) in Qingjie New Energy, Hydrogen Ying New Energy and Hydrogen Win New
Energy (collectively as the “Employee Shareholding Platforms”) pursuant to the 2019 Plan (as to Qingjie New Energy) and
the 2023 Plan (as to Hydrogen Ying New Energy and Hydrogen Win New Energy), respectively. As of the date of this interim
report, the Employee Shareholding Platforms held an aggregate of 4,284,881 Shares, representing approximately 4.09% of
the total issued Shares. The Incentive Awards under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans do not involve the grant of options by
the Company to subscribe for new Shares and are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.


1.     The 2019 Plan
       (a)    Purpose
              The purpose of the 2019 Plan is to establish a benefit-sharing and constraint mechanism between Shareholders
              and employees and external consultant, to attract and retain talents for the Group and to enhance the
              competitiveness of the Company and align with its focus on long-term development.


       (b)    Eligible incentive recipients
              Eligible incentive recipients shall be management staff, mid-level key personnel, core technical staff and
              external consultant.


       (c)    Total number of Shares subject to the 2019 Plan
              The incentive recipients shall be interested in a total of 1,500,000 Shares through holding the Incentive Awards
              in Qingjie New Energy, the underlying Shares of which were corresponding to the share capital of the Company
              of RMB1,500,000 and representing approximately 1.43% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at
              the date of this interim report.


              As of the date of this interim report, all Shares subject to the 2019 Plan have been issued to Qingjie New Energy
              and all the Incentive Awards subject to the 2019 Plan have been granted to and subscribed by 38 incentive
              recipients (including one external counsel at the relevant time), and no further Shares or Incentive Awards have
              been granted under such plan after the Listing.


       (d)    Rights and restrictions
              The incentive recipients are subject to certain transfer and disposal restrictions, including (i) no disposal of the
              Incentive Awards or creation of third-party rights over the incentive Awards by way of transfer, pledge, trust or
              any other means, (ii) a 30-day prior notice for transfer of Incentive Awards which shall be transferred to limited
              scope of persons, including the other partners of Qingjie New Energy, or other eligible employees of the Group.


       (e)    Repurchase of the Incentive Awards
              The general partner of Qingjie New Energy or other employees of the Group designated by the general partner,
              has the right (but not obligation) to repurchase part of all Incentive Awards held by incentive recipients, if there
              are any faults of the incentive recipients as set out in the relevant agreement with each incentive recipient.



                                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025     17
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     2.     The 2020 Plan
            (a)    Purpose
                   The purpose of the 2020 Plan is to establish a benefit-sharing and constraint mechanism between Shareholders
                   and employees, to attract and retain talents for the Group and to enhance the competitiveness of the Company
                   and align with our focus on long-term development.


            (b)    Eligible incentive recipients
                   Eligible incentive recipients shall be management staff, mid-level key personnel and core technical staff.


            (c)    Administration
                   The general meeting of the Company shall be responsible for considering and approving the adoption,
                   implementation, alteration and termination of the 2020 Plan. The Board shall be responsible for formulating,
                   amending, explaining the terms of the plan under the authorization of the general meeting.


            (d)    Total number of Shares subject to the 2020 Plan
                   The eligible incentive recipients shall be entitled to subscribe a total of 3,425,987 Shares at a price of RMB4.38
                   per Share by way of capital injection. As of the date of this interim report, all Shares subject to the 2020 Plan
                   have been granted to and subscribed by Mr. Wu. For further details, please refer to “History and Corporate
                   Structure — Our Corporate History — (3) Major Shareholding Changes of Our Company — (e) Capital injection
                   by Mr. Wu” of the Prospectus.


            (e)    Rights and restrictions
                   The eligible incentive recipients shall not dispose the granted Shares or create third-party rights over the Shares
                   by way of transfer, pledge, trust or any other means before and within three years after the Listing.


     3.     The 2023 Plan
            (a)    Purpose
                   The purposes of the 2023 Plan include, among other things, enhancing the Group’s governance structure,
                   instituting a long-term incentive and discipline mechanism, involving human capital in allocation, strengthening
                   and refining the compensation incentive system, and establishing a mechanism for sharing benefits and risks
                   among Shareholders, senior management, key personnel, and core staff of the Company.


            (b)    Eligible incentive recipients
                   Eligible incentive recipients shall be the following persons who have an employment relationship with any
                   member of the Group (the “Group Company(ies)”): (i) directors and senior management, (ii) middle-level
                   management, (iii) core technical and sales personnel, or (iv) other personal that had special contribution to the
                   Group.




18   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                Corporate Governance and Other Information




(c)   Administration
      The Board shall be responsible for formulating, explaining and amending the appraisal and management
      approach of the 2023 Plan, determining whether the Incentive Awards held by the incentive recipients have
      reached the unlocking conditions. The Remuneration and Review Committee shall be responsible for leading
      and organizing the appraisal of incentive recipients, guiding the Company’s human resources department for
      the specific appraisal. The 2023 Plan shall be developed, implemented, executed and administered by Mr. Wu
      and Mr. Wang at their sole discretion.


(d)   Total number of Shares subject to the 2023 Plan
      The incentive recipients shall be interested in a total of 2,784,881 Shares through holding the Incentive
      Awards in Hydrogen Ying New Energy and Hydrogen Win New Energy, the underlying Shares of which were
      corresponding to the share capital of our Company of RMB2.78 million and representing approximately 2.82%
      of the total issued share capital of our Company immediately prior to the Global Offering. As of the date of
      this interim report, all Shares subject to the 2023 Plan have been issued to Hydrogen Ying New Energy and
      Hydrogen Win New Energy and all the Incentive Awards subject to the 2023 Plan have been granted to and
      subscribed by 80 incentive recipients, and no further Shares or Incentive Awards have been granted under such
      plan following the Listing.


(e)   Assessment requirements and unlocking arrangement
      The Incentive Awards granted to incentive recipients will be unlocked in three assessment periods:


                                                                                                      Percentage of
                                                                                                           Incentive
                                                                                                             Awards
       No.   Assessment Period                 Date of Unlocking                                           unlocked


       1.    From the date of grant to         Performance goals achievement at our Company                     50%
               December 31, 2024                 level and individual performance assessment
                                                 results for the first assessment period approved
                                                 by the Board


       2.    From January 1, 2025 to           Performance goals achievement at our Company                     30%
               December 31, 2025                 level and individual performance assessment
                                                 results for the second assessment period
                                                 approved by the Board


       3.    From January 1, 2026 to           Performance goals achievement at our Company                     20%
               December 31, 2026                 level and individual performance assessment
                                                 results for the third assessment period approved
                                                 by the Board




                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025   19
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




            (f)    Rights and restrictions attached to the restricted Shares
                   The incentive recipients are subject to certain transfer and disposal restrictions, including (i) no disposal of
                   the unlocked Incentive Awards or creation of third-party rights over the Incentive Awards by way of transfer,
                   pledge, trust or any other means, (ii) a 30-day prior notice for transfer of unlocked Incentive Awards which shall
                   be transferred to limited scope of persons, including Mr. Wu, Mr. Wang or other partners within designated
                   entities, or other eligible employees of the Group Companies. The Shares held by the Employee Shareholding
                   Platforms are subject to certain and disposal restrictions, including (i) no disposal of the Shares or creation of
                   third-party rights over the Shares by way of transfer, pledge, trust or any other means before and within 12
                   months after the Listing, (ii) the corresponding Shares of the unlocked Incentive Awards shall be reduced with
                   a 14-business day application to the Employee Shareholding Platforms, and (iii) the number of Incentive Awards
                   that the incentive recipients reduce each time may not exceed 50% of the total number he or she then holds.


            (g)    Repurchase of the Incentive Awards
                   Mr. Wu, Mr. Wang or other employees of Group Companies designated by Mr. Wu and/or Mr. Wang, has the
                   right to repurchase all Incentive Awards held by incentive recipients, if (i) the Incentive Awards failed to be
                   unlocked during the assessment periods; (ii) due to faults of the incentive recipients, such as violation of the
                   applicable regulations and laws, violation of contracts, negligence, or other actions causing negative impact on
                   the Company; (iii) the employment relationship between the incentive recipients and the Company terminates
                   due to non-fault actions of the incentive recipients, such as death, loss of civil or labour capability, non-fault
                   dismissal, etc.




20   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                             Corporate Governance and Other Information




4.   Details of the Incentive Awards granted
     During the Reporting Period, no Incentive Awards have been granted to any incentive recipients under the Pre-IPO
     Share Incentive Plans. Below is the list of the incentive recipients under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans that are
     granted with Incentive Awards as of June 30, 2025:


                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                  Shareholding
                                                                                                         Approximate                Percentage
                                                                                                               Number           Corresponding
                                                                                                             of Shares         to the Incentive
                                                                                                        Corresponding          Awards Held by
                                                                                                       to the Incentive       the Participant in
                                                                   Relevant Employee                   Awards held by        the Total Number
       Name                   Position                             Shareholding Platforms              the Recipients(1)     of Shares in Issue


       Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
       Mr. Wu                 Chairman of the Board and            Hydrogen Win New Energy                     240,000                   0.23%
                                executive Director                 Hydrogen Ying New Energy                    235,000                   0.22%


       He Guangliang (何光亮) Chairman of the Supervisory             Hydrogen Ying New Energy                    249,999                   0.24%
                                Committee                          Qingjie New Energy                          234,825                   0.22%


       Zhao Jing (趙靜)         Supervisor                           Hydrogen Ying New Energy                    100,000                   0.10%


       Cai Xubin (蔡徐斌)        Chief financial officer              Hydrogen Ying New Energy                     25,000                   0.02%


       Shi Jian (施劍)          Secretary of the Board and           Hydrogen Ying New Energy                     10,000                   0.01%
                                executive Director                 Qingjie New Energy                           25,000                   0.02%


       Kuang Kaifeng (況開鋒) Supervisor                              Hydrogen Ying New Energy                     10,000                   0.01%
                                                                   Qingjie New Energy                           18,650                   0.02%


       Subtotal                                                                                              1,148,474                   1.09%


       Other Recipients
       86 Recipients          Employees                            Qingjie New Energy, Hydrogen              3,086,408                   2.95%
                                                                     Ying New Energy and
                                                                     Hydrogen Win New Energy


       One Recipient          External consultant                  Qingjie New Energy                           50,000                   0.05%

     Note:

     (1)      For illustrating the indirect interests of incentive Recipients in the Company, the number of Shares are presented and calculated by
              multiplying their respective percentage of limited partnership interests in each by the total number of Shares held by the Employee
              Shareholding Platforms.


                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025       21
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
     During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective associates had engaged in or had any interest in any
     business which competes or may compete with the businesses of the Group.


     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has
     maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim
     report.


     CHANGES IN THE INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF
     EXECUTIVE
     Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes of Directors’ information since the 2024 annual report of the
     Company are as follows:


     On March 27, 2025, Dr. Zou Jiasheng (鄒家生), an independent non-executive Director, ceased to be a member of the
     Nomination Committee.


     On March 27, 2025, Ms. Tong Sze Wan (唐詩韻), an independent non-executive Director, was appointed as a member of the
     Nomination Committee.


     On July 31, 2025, Mr. Shi Jian (施劍) has resigned from his positions as an executive Director, a member of the Nomination
     Committee, a joint company secretary of the Company and an authorized representative of the Company under Rule 3.05 of
     the Listing Rules (the “Authorized Representative”).


     On July 31, 2025, Mr. Wu Pinfang (鄔品芳), an executive Director and chairman of the Board, has been appointed as a member
     of the Nomination Committee.


     On July 31, 2025, Mr. Wang Kai (王凱), an executive Director and general manager of the Company, has been appointed as
     the Authorized Representative.


     Save for the above, the Company is not aware of any other changes in the information of Directors, Supervisors and chief
     executive which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the publication of the
     Company’s last annual report.


     CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
     Save as disclosed in this interim report, the Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21
     and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.


     MATERIAL LITIGATION
     The Group was not involved in any material legal proceeding during the Reporting Period.




22   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Corporate Governance and Other Information




AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
Amendments have been made to the Articles of Association and were duly passed at the annual general meeting of the
Company held on May 20, 2025. The full text of the amended Articles of Association can be downloaded on the website of
the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the website of the Company (www.guofuhee.com).


AUDIT COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF INTERIM RESULTS
The Audit Committee has been established with written terms of reference in compliance with the Listing Rules and the CG
Code. The Audit Committee currently comprises two independent non-executive Directors, Ms. Tong Sze Wan and Dr. Zou
Jiasheng, and one non-executive Director, Mr. Gu Yanjun. Ms. Tong Sze Wan is the chairlady of the Audit Committee.


The Audit Committee has reviewed this interim report and the Group’s unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial
statements of the Group for the Reporting Period, including the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group. The
Audit Committee is in the opinion that the applicable accounting principles, standards and requirements have been complied
with and that adequate disclosures have been made.


                                                                                     By Order of the Board
                                                                   Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen Energy Equipment Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         Wu Pinfang
                                                                         Chairman of the Board and Executive Director


Jiangsu, the PRC, August 28, 2025




                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025    23
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Profit
     or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025

                                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                            Notes      RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                    (unaudited)         (unaudited)


      Revenue                                                                4          108,956           134,886
      Cost of sales                                                                    (108,009)          (121,273)


      Gross profit                                                                         947              13,613
      Other income                                                           5           14,878                 5,772
      Other gains and losses                                                 6              (95)                 (379)
      Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal    7           (5,409)           (19,608)
      Selling expenses                                                                  (20,054)           (22,391)
      Research and development expenses                                                 (16,782)           (19,901)
      Administrative expenses                                                           (61,129)           (61,967)
      Listing expenses                                                                        –             (8,690)
      Share of results of associates                                                     (1,769)            (1,760)
      Finance costs                                                          8          (16,838)           (16,270)


      Loss before tax                                                        9         (106,251)          (131,581)
      Income tax credit                                                      10          17,272             20,179


      Loss for the period                                                               (88,979)          (111,402)


      Other comprehensive income (expense)
      Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
      Fair value gain on investments in equity instrument at fair value
        through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                    10,451                  714


      Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
      Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                    (202)                  (27)
      Fair value gain on debt instruments at FVTOCI, net of income tax                     214                      –


                                                                                             12                   (27)


      Other comprehensive income for the period, net of income tax                       10,463                  687


      Total comprehensive expense for the period                                        (78,516)          (110,715)




24   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                     For the six months ended June 30, 2025




                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                              Note         RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                        (unaudited)           (unaudited)


Loss for the period attributable to
  – Owners of the Company                                                   (89,248)            (112,089)
  – Non-controlling interests                                                   269                  687


                                                                            (88,979)            (111,402)


Total comprehensive expense for the period attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                   (78,785)            (111,402)
  – Non-controlling interests                                                   269                  687


                                                                            (78,516)            (110,715)


Loss per share
  – Basic (RMB)                                               12               (0.85)               (1.14)




                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025   25
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Financial Position
     At June 30, 2025

                                                                                   30/6/2025   31/12/2024
                                                                         Notes      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)     (audited)

      Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                      13        833,637       816,144
       Right-of-use assets                                                13         94,733        78,533
       Intangible assets                                                             10,007        11,024
       Investments in associates                                          14        158,773       155,390
       Investment in a joint venture                                                    469           469
       Equity instrument at FVTOCI                                        15         47,017        36,566
       Contract assets                                                    19         15,893        16,428
       Deferred tax assets                                                16        130,241       112,959
       Prepayment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                    9,625         4,335
       Amounts due from associates                                        25          4,020             –
       Loan receivables                                                               3,880         1,320
       Trade and other receivables                                        18         55,961        65,081

                                                                                   1,364,256    1,298,249

      Current assets
        Inventories                                                       17        158,887       128,753
        Loan receivables                                                              1,975         1,430
        Trade and other receivables                                       18        622,973       623,962
        Contract assets                                                   19          9,049        10,370
        Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                        20         15,729        28,697
        Amounts due from associates                                       26         83,349        85,487
        Other financial asset                                                             –        18,502
        Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                    –        28,803
        Restricted bank deposits                                                     13,708         4,413
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                   287,549       335,863

                                                                                   1,193,219    1,266,280

      Current liabilities
        Trade and other payables                                          21        505,972       547,694
        Borrowings                                                        22        618,859       520,977
        Lease liabilities                                                               507           495
        Provisions                                                                    1,816         3,735
        Contract liabilities                                                          7,801         6,230
        Amount due to an associate                                        26          1,983           118
        Amounts due to related parties                                    26          1,032         2,395
        Deferred income                                                              52,469        49,882

                                                                                   1,190,439    1,131,526

      Net current assets                                                               2,780      134,754


      Total assets less current liabilities                                        1,367,036    1,433,003




26   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                  At June 30, 2025




                                                                    30/6/2025         31/12/2024
                                                        Notes        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)           (audited)

Capital and reserves
  Share capital                                          23          104,710             104,710
  Reserves                                                           813,820             886,315
  Equity attributable to owners of the Company                       918,530             991,025
  Non-controlling interests                                              998               1,883

Total equity                                                         919,528             992,908

Non-current liabilities
 Borrowings                                              22          419,758             405,602
 Lease liabilities                                                       262                 519
 Provisions                                                            7,918               7,771
 Deferred income                                                      19,570              26,203

                                                                     447,508             440,095

                                                                    1,367,036          1,433,003




                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025   27
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of
     Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025

                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                Share-based                                   Non-
                                   Share       Share     Capital      FVTOCI     Translation       payment Accumulated                  controlling
                                  capital   premium      reserve      reserve       reserve          reserve     losses    Sub-total      interests      Total
                                 RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


      At January 1, 2025
         (audited)               104,710    1,312,559     (5,258)      18,378          (695)         65,287    (503,956)    991,025          1,883    992,908
      (Loss) profit for
         the period                    –            –          –            –              –               –    (89,248)    (89,248)           269     (88,979)
      Other comprehensive
         income (expense) for
         the period                    –            –          –       10,665          (202)               –          –      10,463              –     10,463


      Total comprehensive
         income (expense) for
         the period                    –            –          –       10,665          (202)               –    (89,248)    (78,785)           269     (78,516)
      Acquisition of non-
         controlling interests         –            –     (2,688)           –              –               –          –       (2,688)       (1,154)     (3,842)
      Recognition of equity-
         settled share-based
         payments (Note 24)            –            –          –            –              –          8,978           –       8,978              –       8,978


      At June 30, 2025
         (unaudited)             104,710    1,312,559     (7,946)      29,043          (897)         74,265    (593,204)    918,530            998    919,528


      At January 1, 2024
         (audited)                92,829     751,109      (5,258)      16,078          (495)          4,804    (293,676)    565,391            231    565,622
      Loss for the period              –            –          –            –              –               –   (112,089)   (112,089)           687    (111,402)
      Other comprehensive
         income (expense) for
         the period                    –            –          –          714            (27)              –          –         687              –        687


      Total comprehensive
         income (expense) for
         the period                    –            –          –          714            (27)              –   (112,089)   (111,402)           687    (110,715)
      Issue of shares              5,881     219,480           –            –              –               –          –     225,361              –    225,361
      Recognition of equity-
         settled share-based
         payments (Note 24)            –            –          –            –              –         28,817           –      28,817              –     28,817


      At June 30, 2024
         (unaudited)              98,710     970,589      (5,258)      16,792          (522)         33,621    (405,765)    708,167            918    709,085




28   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Condensed Consolidated
                                                         Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                        For the six months ended June 30, 2025

                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                           (unaudited)           (unaudited)


Net cash used in operating activities                                          (51,008)              (49,764)


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Interest received from banks                                                   1,690                  977
  Assets-related government subsidies                                                 –                8,639
  Redemptions of other financial asset                                          18,502                     –
  Redemptions of a financial asset at FVTPL                                     28,803                     –
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                    (92,539)              (55,289)
  Payments for right-of-use assets                                             (17,958)              (25,925)
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                            92                    –
  Investments in associates                                                      (5,156)           (112,252)
  Loan to associates                                                             (8,100)                   –
  Loan to staff                                                                  (3,000)                   –
  Placement of restricted bank deposits                                        (12,254)              (11,799)
  Withdraw of restricted bank deposits                                           2,959               30,938


Net cash used in investing activities                                          (86,961)            (164,711)


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Interest paid                                                                (17,934)              (16,238)
  Payment for acquisition of non-controlling interests                           (3,842)                   –
  Proceeds from issue of new ordinary shares                                          –              28,600
  Payments for transaction costs for the issue of new ordinary shares                 –               (3,239)
  New borrowing raised                                                         434,818              235,000
  Repayment of borrowings                                                     (322,996)            (270,984)
  Payments of lease liabilities                                                    (266)                (618)
  Issue cost paid                                                                  (280)              (1,995)


Net cash from (used in) financing activities                                    89,500               (29,474)


Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                      (48,469)            (243,949)


Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                           335,863              333,298
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                            155                   (27)


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                             287,549               89,322




                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2025   29
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial
     Statements
     For the period ended June 30, 2025

     1.     GENERAL INFORMATION
            The Company was established in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) on June 13, 2016 as a limited liability
            company. On August 31, 2020, the Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited liability under the
            Company Law of the PRC. The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong
            Kong Limited since November 15, 2024. The address of the registered office and the principal place of business of the
            Company is No. 236 Guotai North Road, Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu Province, PRC.


            The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are production and sale of hydrogen
            equipment.


            The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as the
            functional currency of the Company.


     2.     BASIS OF PREPARATION
            The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting
            Standard 34 (“IAS 34”) “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”)
            as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
            of Hong Kong Limited.


     3.     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
            The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
            financial instruments, which are measured at fair values.


            Other than additional accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to International Financial
            Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”), the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed
            consolidated financial statements for the six months ended June 30, 2025 are the same as those presented in the
            Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.


            Application of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
            In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard issued
            by the IASB, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on January 1,
            2025 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:


            Amendments to IAS 21                     Lack of Exchangeability


            The application of the amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard in the current interim period has had no material
            impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on the disclosures
            set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.




30   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the period ended June 30, 2025




4.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers


                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                       (unaudited)             (unaudited)


      At a point in time recognition:
          – vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and
               related products                                                              91,295                72,046
          – equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and related products                   13,993                62,840
          – water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and related
               products                                                                       3,668                      –


                                                                                           108,956                134,886


     Segment information
     For the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group’s chief executive officer, being the chief
     operating decision maker, reviews the overall results and financial position of the Group as a whole and no further
     analysis of the single segment is presented.


     Geographical information
     The Group primarily operates in the PRC. The Group’s non-current assets are all located in the PRC.




                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025    31
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the period ended June 30, 2025




     5.     OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                   2025                      2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                          (unaudited)                (unaudited)


             Government grants (Note)                                                                            11,849                     4,338
             Interest income on banks                                                                             1,690                       977
             Electricity income                                                                                   1,045                          –
             Sales of scrap materials                                                                                242                      228
             Interest income on loan receivables                                                                      52                      229


                                                                                                                 14,878                     5,772


            Note:   The amounts represent government grants received from various PRC government authorities as incentives for the Group’s research
                    and development activities and acquisition of property, plant and equipment. Some subsidies had certain conditions imposed by the
                    respective PRC government authorities. The relevant conditions have been fully met upon recognition.


     6.     OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                                          Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                                   2025                      2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                          (unaudited)                (unaudited)


             Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                        72                         –
             Net foreign exchange losses                                                                            (184)                    (359)
             Others                                                                                                   17                       (20)


                                                                                                                     (95)                    (379)




32   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the period ended June 30, 2025




7.   IMPAIRMENT LOSSES UNDER EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS MODEL, NET OF
     REVERSAL

                                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                   (unaudited)           (unaudited)


      Impairment losses, net of reversal, recognised on:
        trade receivables                                                                5,765               18,377
        contract assets                                                                     (51)                143
        other receivables                                                                 (170)                 189
        amounts due from associates                                                       (135)                 899


                                                                                         5,409               19,608


8.   FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                   (unaudited)           (unaudited)


      Interest on borrowings                                                            18,150               16,238
      Interest on lease liabilities                                                         21                    32


                                                                                        18,171               16,270
      Less: amounts capitalised in the cost of construction in progress                  (1,333)                   –


                                                                                        16,838               16,270


     Borrowing costs capitalised during the period arose on the specific borrowings and are calculated by applying a
     capitalisation rate of 3.95% (for the six months ended June 30, 2024: Nil) per annum to expenditure on qualifying
     assets.




                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025   33
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the period ended June 30, 2025




     9.     LOSS BEFORE TAX
            Loss before tax for the period has been arrived at after charging:


                                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)         (unaudited)


             Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments                                    5,424             11,555
             Other staff costs:
               – salaries and other benefits                                          39,029             34,813
               – discretionary bonuses                                                     –                 1,741
               – retirement benefit scheme contributions                               9,486                 7,962
               – equity-settled share-based payments                                   5,880             19,556


             Total staff costs                                                        59,819             75,627
             Capitalised in inventories                                              (11,971)           (11,230)


                                                                                      47,848             64,397


             Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                            29,452             21,887
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                       1,758                 1,731
             Amortisation of intangible assets                                         1,017                  882


             Total depreciation and amortization                                      32,227             24,500


             Capitalised in inventories                                               (9,870)            (6,300)


                                                                                      22,357             18,200


             Write-down of inventories (included in cost of revenue)                    592                  3,103




34   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the period ended June 30, 2025




10. INCOME TAX CREDIT

                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)             (unaudited)


     Current tax                                                                                34                      30
     Deferred tax (Note 16)                                                               (17,306)               (20,209)


                                                                                          (17,272)               (20,179)


11. DIVIDENDS
    No dividends were paid, declared or proposed during the interim period. The directors of the Company have
    determined that no dividend will be paid in respect of the interim period. (six months ended June 30, 2024: Nil).


12. LOSS PER SHARE

                                                                                     Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                             2025                  2024
                                                                                     (unaudited)             (unaudited)


     Loss (RMB’000):
     Loss for the purpose of calculating basic loss per share                             (89,248)             (112,089)


     Number of shares (‘000):
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
       basic loss per share calculation                                                   104,710                98,529


    No diluted loss per share for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 were presented as there was no potential
    ordinary shares in issue.




                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025    35
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the period ended June 30, 2025




     13. MOVEMENTS IN PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND
         INTANGIBLE ASSETS
            During the current interim period, the Group acquired RMB46,406,000 (unaudited) (six months ended June 30, 2024:
            RMB50,634,000 (unaudited)) of property, plant and equipment. During the current interim period, the Group disposed
            of certain equipment and instruments with an aggregate carrying amount of RMB20,000 (unaudited) (six months
            ended June 30, 2024: Nil (unaudited)), resulting in a gain on disposal of RMB72,000 (unaudited) (six months ended
            June 30, 2024: Nil (unaudited)).


            The Group has pledged buildings and construction in progress with carrying amounts of RMB 499,591,000 (unaudited)
            as at June 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024: RMB503,988,000 (audited)) and equipment with carrying amounts of
            RMB49,434,000 (unaudited) as at June 30, 2025 (December 31, 2024: 22,367,000 (audited)) to secure general banking
            facilities granted to the Group.


            During the six months ended June 30, 2025 and the years ended December 31, 2024, the leasehold lands of the Group
            represented the prepaid lease payment for lands located in the PRC with the fixed period of 30 years to 50 years. The
            remaining lease term is 24 years to 46 years as at June 30, 2025 (at December 31 2024: 25 years to 47 years).


            For both periods, the Group leased various properties for its operating activities. Lease contracts were entered into
            for fixed terms of 2 years to 3 years (2024: 2 years to 3 years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and
            contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the
            non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract
            is enforceable.


            The Group has pledged leasehold lands with carrying amounts of RMB75,991,000 (unaudited) (at December 31, 2024:
            RMB77,409,000 (audited)) to secure general banking facilities granted to the Group.


            The Group’s lease liabilities of RMB769,000 (unaudited) are recognised with related right-of-use assets of RMB874,000
            (unaudited) as at June 30, 2025 (at December 31, 2024: lease liabilities of RMB1,014,000 (audited) and related right-
            of-use assets of RMB1,124,000 (audited)). The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security
            interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Except for the leasehold lands, leased assets may not be used
            as security for borrowing purposes.


            The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for various properties. As at June 30, 2025 and December 31, 2024,
            the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense
            disclosed above.




36   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                              Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the period ended June 30, 2025




13. MOVEMENTS IN PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND
    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
   Sale and leaseback transactions – seller-lessee
   To better manage the Group’s capital structure and financing needs, the Group sometimes enters into sale and
   leaseback arrangements in relation to machinery leases. These legal transfers do not satisfy the requirements of
   IFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale of the machinery. During the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group has
   raised borrowings of RMB61,985,000 (at December 31, 2024: 44,711,000) in respect of such sale and leaseback
   arrangements. Details of the borrowings are set out in Note 22.


14. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                  30/6/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                (unaudited)              (audited)


    Cost of investments in associates                                               175,065              169,909
    Share of loss and total comprehensive expenses                                    (7,669)              (5,900)
    Unrealised gains relating to transactions with associates,
      net of reversal                                                                 (8,623)              (8,619)


                                                                                    158,773              155,390


15. EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FVTOCI

                                                                                  30/6/2025           31/12/2024
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                (unaudited)              (audited)


    Unlisted equity investment, at fair value
      – Lingniu New Energy Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
        (羚牛新能源科技（上海）有限公司) (“Lingniu”)                                                47,017               36,566




                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025   37
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the period ended June 30, 2025




     16. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
            The followings are the major deferred tax assets recognised and movements thereon during the current and prior
            periods:


                                                   Fair value
                                                     change
                                                     of debt         ECL        Tax     Accrued    Deferred    Share-based
                                                 instruments    provision     losses   expenses     income        payment     Others     Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000   RMB’000


             At January 1, 2025 (audited)                 33      16,123     64,337       5,432      10,854         15,681       499   112,959
             Credit (charge) to profit or loss             –         725     17,664      (1,334)     (1,185)         1,347        89    17,306
             Charge to the other
                comprehensive income                     (24)           –         –           –           –              –         –       (24)


             At June 30, 2025 (unaudited)                  9      16,848     82,001       4,098       9,669         17,028       588   130,241


             At January 1, 2024 (audited)                 45      12,808     37,708       6,028       5,542          6,609       230    68,970
             Credit to profit or loss                      –       2,207     12,142        515        1,277          3,602       466    20,209


             At June 30, 2024 (unaudited)                 45      15,015     49,850       6,543       6,819         10,211       696    89,179


            At the end of the reporting period, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB624,737,000 (December
            31, 2024: RMB502,116,000), available for offsetting against future profits. No deferred tax asset has been recognised
            in respect of tax losses of RMB78,058,000 (December 31, 2024: RMB73,199,000) due to the unpredictability of future
            profit streams.




38   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                               Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the period ended June 30, 2025




16. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS (continued)
    The unrecognised tax losses of the Group will be carried forward and expire in years as follows:


                                                                                       30/6/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


     2026                                                                                       16                1,845
     2027                                                                                  15,271                17,855
     2028                                                                                  19,440                19,440
     2029                                                                                  11,400                11,400
     2030                                                                                    7,752                4,144
     2031                                                                                  13,729                13,729
     2032                                                                                    4,594                4,594
     2033                                                                                     192                   192
     2035                                                                                    5,664                     –


                                                                                           78,058                73,199


17. INVENTORIES

                                                                                       30/6/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)               (audited)


     Raw materials and consumables                                                         52,454                56,775
     Work in progress                                                                      68,913                59,223
     Finished goods                                                                        37,520                12,755


                                                                                          158,887               128,753


    The write down of inventories of the Group recognised as cost of sales amounted to RMB 592,000 during the six
    months ended June 30, 2025 (the six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB3,103,000).




                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025   39
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the period ended June 30, 2025




     18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                30/6/2025                 31/12/2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                              (unaudited)                     (audited)


             Current
             Trade receivables – contract with customers                                                           676,669                    679,433
             Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                                      (94,237)                   (88,208)


                                                                                                                   582,432                    591,225
             Prepayment to suppliers                                                                                 23,181                     15,104
             Value added tax recoverable                                                                             12,018                     11,369
             Deposits for bidding                                                                                      3,882                      4,112
             Receivables for disposal of an associate                                                                    361                        500
             Others                                                                                                    1,497                      2,217
             Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                                          (398)                      (565)


                                                                                                                   622,973                    623,962


                                                                                                                30/6/2025                 31/12/2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                              (unaudited)                     (audited)


             Non-current
             Trade receivables – contract with customers (Note)                                                      69,472                     79,435
             Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                                      (14,943)                   (15,792)


                                                                                                                     54,529                     63,643


             Advance payment of investment in an associate                                                             1,432                      1,438


                                                                                                                     55,961                     65,081


            Note:   According to the payment terms in the sales contracts with certain customers, certain part of the sales consideration will be collected
                    after one year.


            As at January 1, 2023, the carrying amount of trade receivables net of allowance for ECL from contracts with customers
            amounted to RMB355,461,000.




40   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                               Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the period ended June 30, 2025




18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
    The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) presented based on invoice
    dates:


                                                                                       30/6/2025            31/12/2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)               (audited)


     Within 90 days                                                                       108,055               287,012
     91 to 180 days                                                                         1,968                37,347
     181 to 365 days                                                                      254,157                34,171
     1 to 2 years                                                                         159,452               185,011
     2 to 3 years                                                                          51,945                55,219
     More than 3 years                                                                     61,384                56,108


                                                                                          636,961               654,868


19. CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                                       30/6/2025            31/12/2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)               (audited)


     Retention receivables                                                                 25,842                27,749
     Less: allowance for credit losses                                                       (900)                 (951)


                                                                                           24,942                26,798


     Analysed as
       Current                                                                              9,049                10,370
       Non-current                                                                         15,893                16,428


                                                                                           24,942                26,798




                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025    41
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the period ended June 30, 2025




     20. DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI

                                                                                                                 30/6/2025                 31/12/2024
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                               (unaudited)                     (audited)


             Bills receivables                                                                                        15,729                     28,697

            Note:   Debt instruments at FVTOCI with carrying amounts of RMB550,000 (unaudited) (at December 31, 2024: RMB5,000,000 (audited)) were
                    pledged to banks for issuing bills payables.


     21. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                 30/6/2025                 31/12/2024
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                               (unaudited)                     (audited)


             Trade payables                                                                                         227,270                    241,250
             Trade payables under supplier finance arrangements (Note)                                              105,301                    105,822
             Bills payables                                                                                           45,002                       9,398


                                                                                                                    377,573                    356,470


             Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                               98,217                   147,821
             Accrued staff costs and benefits                                                                         10,414                     13,432
             Other tax payables                                                                                        3,612                       2,658
             Accrued service fee                                                                                       5,889                     10,428
             Deposits from vendors                                                                                     2,109                       2,035
             Payables to staff                                                                                         1,373                       2,304
             Accrued listing expenses                                                                                  1,708                       6,697
             Accrued issue costs                                                                                             –                       280
             Others                                                                                                    5,077                       5,569


                                                                                                                    128,399                    191,224


                                                                                                                    505,972                    547,694

            Note:   In order to ensure easy access to credit for its suppliers and facilitate early settlement, the Group has entered into reverse factoring
                    arrangements. The contractual arrangements in place permit the suppliers to obtain the amounts billed less 3.40% (December 31,
                    2024: 3.40%) discount with the amounts paid by the relevant bank. The Group will repay bank the full invoice amounts on the
                    scheduled payment dates as required by the invoices. As the arrangements do not permit the group to extend finance from bank by
                    paying bank later than the group would have paid its supplier, the Group considers amounts payable to the bank should be classified as
                    trade payables. The reverse factoring arrangements permit the bank to early settle invoices equal to RMB160,000,000 per month during
                    the six months ended June 30, 2025 (2024: RMB120,000,000), and the maximum amount used in a month were RMB39,901,000
                    during the six months ended June 30, 2025(2024: RMB36,414,000). As at June 30, 2025, 31.66% of trade payables were amounts
                    owed under these arrangements (December 31, 2024: 30.49%).

                    The normal credit term to the Group is ranged within one year.


42   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                               Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the period ended June 30, 2025




21. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (continued)
    The following is an aging analysis of trade payables/trade payables under supplier finance arrangements of the Group
    based on the invoice dates:


                                                                                             30/6/2025         31/12/2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)              (audited)


     Within 90 days                                                                            123,718            156,057
     91 – 180 days                                                                              64,843             66,266
     181 – 365 days                                                                            110,051             75,379
     1 to 2 years                                                                               28,519             39,465
     2 to 3 years                                                                                1,971              6,759
     More than 3 years                                                                           3,469              3,146


                                                                                               332,571            347,072


    The following is an aging analysis of bills payables based on the bill issuance dates:


                                                                                             30/6/2025         31/12/2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)              (audited)


     0 – 180 days                                                                               45,002              9,398


    The Group’s bills payables were issued by banks and were secured by the Group’s restricted bank deposits and debt
    instruments at FVTOCI for both periods.




                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025   43
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the period ended June 30, 2025




     22. BORROWINGS

                                                                                                            30/6/2025                31/12/2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                          (unaudited)                   (audited)


             Bank borrowings                                                                                   993,216                   884,042
             Other borrowings (Note)                                                                             45,401                    42,537


                                                                                                             1,038,617                   926,579


             Secured                                                                                           481,306                   454,037
             Unsecured                                                                                         557,311                   472,542


                                                                                                             1,038,617                   926,579


             Fixed-rate borrowings                                                                             631,751                   556,119
             Variable-rate borrowings                                                                          406,866                   370,460


                                                                                                             1,038,617                   926,579


             Carrying amount repayable:
                (based on scheduled payment terms)
             Within one year                                                                                   618,859                   520,977
             More than one year, but not exceeding two years                                                   101,570                   126,798
             More than two years, but not exceeding five years                                                   95,935                    88,253
             More than five years                                                                              222,253                   190,551


                                                                                                             1,038,617                   926,579


             Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
                    current liabilities                                                                        618,859                   520,977


             Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
                non-current liabilities                                                                        419,758                   405,602


            Note:   As at June 30, 2025, other borrowings of the Group represented the transfer proceeds received from sale leaseback transactions in
                    2025. The effective interest rate of other borrowing ranged from 6.36% to 7.78% per annum.




44   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the period ended June 30, 2025




22. BORROWINGS (continued)
    The ranges of effective interest rates per annum on the Group’s borrowings are as follows:


                                                                                      30/6/2025           31/12/2024


     Effective interest rate per annum:
     Fixed-rate borrowings                                                         3.00%-7.78%         3.05%-7.78%
     Variable-rate borrowings                                                      3.20%-5.00%         3.90%-5.00%


23. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                      Nominal value
                                                                              Number of shares              of shares
                                                                                                            RMB’000


     Authorized and issued
     As at January 1, 2024(audited)                                                  92,829,369               92,829
     Issue of restricted shares (“RS”)                                                 5,881,191                5,881
     Issue of ordinary shares by way of global offering                                6,000,000                6,000


     As at December 31, 2024 (audited) and June 30, 2025 (unaudited)                104,710,560              104,710


24. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
    (a)    Restricted Shares Scheme in 2019
           To provide incentives to eligible employees and directors of the Group, an employee share incentive plan
           (the “2019 RS Scheme”) was adopted in September 2019. An employee stock ownership platform, namely
           Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Jie New Energy Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership) (張家港氫捷新能源科技
           合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Hydrogen Jie”), was established on January 17, 2019 and directly held 1,500,000
           ordinary shares of the Company. Eligible employees and directors subscribed for partnership interest of the
           Hydrogen Jie at a consideration price of RMB1 for RMB1 partnership interest and RMB4 partnership interest of
           Hydrogen Jie represented 1 ordinary share of the Company.




                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025   45
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the period ended June 30, 2025




     24. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (a)    Restricted Shares Scheme in 2019 (continued)
                   Details of the restricted shares and share options issued under the 2019 RS Scheme are as follows:


                                                Quantity of                                    Vesting schedule defined             Sell back/
                    Grant date             restricted shares     Grantee                       in contract term                     repurchase right


                    January 17, 2019                 750,000     Directors and employees       100% fulfillment of requisite        Note
                                                                                                  service conditions and
                                                                                                  completion of a qualified IPO


                    November 3, 2019                 750,000     Directors and employees       100% fulfillment of requisite        Note
                                                                                                  service conditions and
                                                                                                  completion of a qualified IPO

                   Note:   If the grantees voluntarily or involuntarily terminate the labor relationship with the Company within three years since grant
                           date, the general partner of Hydrogen Jie has the right to repurchase the granted shares from the grantees at original
                           consideration or original consideration plus interest at rate of 8% per annum, respectively. If the grantees terminate the
                           labor relationship with the Company after three years from grant date but before completion of IPO, the general partner of
                           Hydrogen Jie has the right to repurchase the granted shares from the grantees at the higher of original consideration plus
                           interest at rate of 8% per annum and 50% of fair value of the Company indirectly held by the grantees. The fair value of the
                           Company would be determined with reference to the latest issue price to independent investors during its financing activities.


                   Included in the 2019 RS Scheme, 185,000 restricted shares were granted to Mr. He Guangliang, 25,000 RSs
                   were granted to Mr. Shi Jian, and 25,000 RSs were granted to Ms. Cai Yan.


                   The total fair value of restricted shares granted under 2019 RS Scheme in January 2019, November 2019 and
                   January 2022 was RMB3,000,000, RMB6,870,000 and RMB4,718,000 at the grant date, respectively. The fair
                   value of restricted shares granted in January 2019, November 2019 and January 2022 were determined with
                   reference to the equity transfer price set out in the equity transfer agreements between the shareholders of the
                   Company and independent third parties in January 2019, the issue price set out in the Company’s investment
                   agreements with independent investors in October 2019 and the equity transfer price set out in the equity
                   transfer agreements between the shareholders of the Company and independent third parties in February 2022,
                   respectively. Share-based payment expenses were fully recognized in November 2024 after completion of IPO.




46   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                               Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the period ended June 30, 2025




24. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (b)   Restricted Shares Scheme in 2023
         To provide incentives to eligible employees and directors of the Group, an employee share incentive plan (the
         “2023 RS Scheme”) was adopted in December 2023. Two employee stock ownership platforms, namely
         Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Win New Energy Industry Partnership (Limited Partnership) (張家港氫贏新能源產業
         合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Hydrogen Win”) and Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Ying New Energy Industry Partnership
         (Limited Partnership) (張家港氫盈新能源產業合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Hydrogen Ying”) were established on
         December 14, 2023 and directly held 2,784,881 ordinary shares of the Company. Eligible employees and
         directors subscribed for partnership interest of the Hydrogen Win and Hydrogen Ying at a consideration price
         of RMB1 for RMB1 partnership interest and RMB8 partnership interest of Hydrogen Jie represented 1 ordinary
         share of the Company.


         Details of the restricted shares issued under the 2023 RS Scheme are as follows:


                                      Quantity of                                  Vesting schedule defined in          Sell back/
          Grant date            restricted shares     Grantee                      contract term                        repurchase right


          December 1, 2023                992,639     Directors and employees      50% 13 months after grant date; Note
                                                                                   30% 25 months after grant date;
                                                                                   20% 37 months after grant date
                                                                                      with the achievement of the
                                                                                      Group’s performance conditions


          December 1, 2023              1,792,242     Directors and employees      50% 13 months after grant date; Note
                                                                                   30% 25 months after grant date;
                                                                                   20% 37 months after grant date
                                                                                      with the achievement of certain
                                                                                      individual and the Group’s
                                                                                      performance conditions

         Note:   If the grantees voluntarily terminate the labor relationship with the Company, the ultimate controlling shareholders of the
                 Company has the right to repurchase the unvested shares from the grantees at original consideration plus interest at loan
                 prime rate (“LPR”) of similar period.




                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025        47
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the period ended June 30, 2025




     24. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (b)    Restricted Shares Scheme in 2023 (continued)
                   The following table summarized the movement of the Group’s unvested restricted shares:


                                                                                                           Weighted average
                                                                                                                   grant date
                                                                                              Unvested          fair value per
                                                                                      registered capital    registered capital
                                                                                                   ‘000                  RMB


                    As at December 31, 2023 (audited)                                             2,785                 38.87
                    Forfeited                                                                       (63)                38.87
                    Granted                                                                          63                 38.87


                    As at June 30, 2024 (unaudited)                                               2,785                 38.87


                    As at December 31, 2024 (audited)                                             1,393                 38.87


                    Forfeited                                                                       (21)                38.87
                    Granted                                                                          21                 38.87
                    Vested                                                                         (418)                38.87


                    As at June 30, 2025 (unaudited)                                                 975                 38.87


                   Included in the 2023 RS Scheme, 475,000 RSs were granted to Mr. Wu Pinfang, 10,000 RSs were granted to
                   Mr. Shi Jian, and 250,000 RSs were granted to Mr. He Guangliang.


                   The total fair value of restricted shares granted under 2023 RS Scheme was RMB108,247,000 at the grant date
                   which were determined with reference to the issue price set out in the Company’s investment agreements with
                   independent investors in January 2024. Share-based payment expenses of RMB8,978,000 (unaudited) were
                   recognised during the six months ended June 30, 2025 (six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB28,817,000
                   (unaudited)).




48   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                              Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                  For the period ended June 30, 2025




25. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   Fair value measurements and valuation processes
   Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
   period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities
   are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy
   into which the fair value measurements are categorised (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the
   fair value measurements is observable.


   •            Level 1 fair value measurements are based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets or
                liabilities;


   •            Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1
                that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices);
                and


   •            Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or
                liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).


   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
   Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The following
   table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in particular, the valuation
   technique(s) and inputs used).


                                                  Fair value as at                                                                 Significant         Relationship of
                               Fair value as at   December 31,                              Valuation technique(s)                 unobservable        unobservable inputs to
                               June 30, 2025                2024     Fair value hierarchy and key inputs                           inputs              fair value
                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


       Debt instruments at             15,729             28,697     Level 2                Discounted cash flow Method,           N/A                 N/A
          FVTOCI                                                                               estimated based on discount rate
                                                                                               observed in the available market


       Equity instrument at            47,017             36,566     As at June 30, 2025:   Recent transaction price               N/A                 N/A
          FVTOCI                                                        Level 2
                                                                     As at December 31,     Market approach, estimated based       PBR and DLOM        The higher the PBR, the
                                                                        2024: Level 3          on market Price-to-Book Ratio                              higher the fair value
                                                                                               (“PBR”) after discounts for lack                           The higher the DLOM,
                                                                                               of marketability (“DLOM”)                                  the lower the fair value


       Financial assets at                   –            28,803     As at December 31,     Discounted cash flows method,          Expected return and The higher the expected
          FVTPL                                                         2024: Level 3          estimated based on expected            market foreign      return and market
                                                                                               return and market foreign              exchange rate       foreign exchange rate,
                                                                                               exchange rate                                              the higher the fair value


                                                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025            49
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the period ended June 30, 2025




     25. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
            (continued)
            There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 during the six months ended June 30, 2025 and the years ended
            December 31, 2024.


            Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value
            The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amount of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities
            recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate to their fair values.


     26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            The Group has the following transactions and balances with the related parties:


            (a)    Related party transactions
                   Sales of products to associates


                                                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                      2025                   2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                               (unaudited)            (unaudited)


                     Huajiu Hydrogen Energy (Henan) Co., Ltd.                                             –                   127
                     Jiangsu Jiahua Hydrogen Technology Co., Ltd.                                        88                      –
                     Suzhou Changjia Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                                27                     10


                                                                                                        115                   137


                   Purchase of materials from a related party


                                                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                      2025                   2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                               (unaudited)            (unaudited)


                     Hycee Pte. Ltd                                                                   1,345                      –
                     Broaden Energy Hydrogen Solutions                                                  638                      –


                                                                                                      1,983                      –




50   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the period ended June 30, 2025




26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
    (a)   Related party transactions (continued)
          Loan to associates


                                                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                           2025                      2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                  (unaudited)                (unaudited)


            Qilu Hydrogen Energy (Shandong) Development Co., Ltd
                 (“Qilu Hydrogen”) (Note i)                                                               4,080                           –
            Broaden Energy Hydrogen Solutions
                 (“Broaden Energy”) (Note ii)                                                             4,020                           –


                                                                                                          8,100                           –


            Less: Amount that is expected to realise after 12 months
                     shown under non-current assets                                                       4,020                           –


            Amount that is expected to realise within 12 months
                 shown under current assets                                                               4,080                           –


          Notes:

          (i)       The amount due from Qilu Hydrogen is non-trade related, unsecured, repayable on demand and charged at fixed interest rate
                    of 6.9% per annum.

          (ii)      The amount due from Broaden Energy is non-trade related, unsecured, with a fixed term of 2 years and charged at the
                    European Interbank Offered Rate (“EIBOR”).




                                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025       51
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the period ended June 30, 2025




     26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (b)    Related party balances
                   Amounts due from associates


                                                                                    30/6/2025     31/12/2024
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                   (unaudited)      (audited)


                    Trade related
                    Huajiu Hydrogen Energy (Henan) Co., Ltd.                                 –           100
                    Jiangsu Jiahua hydrogen Technology Co., Ltd.                         1,114         1,026
                    Qilu Hydrogen Energy (Shandong) Development Co., Ltd               48,927        49,127
                    Suzhou Changjia Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                 1,451         1,511
                    Huajiu New Energy (Luoyang) Co., LTD                                     –         2,880
                    Urumqi Outejie Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd.       12,260        12,260
                    Inner Mongolia Mengfa Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology
                      Co., Ltd.                                                        17,411        20,612


                                                                                       81,163        87,516
                    Less: Allowance for credit losses                                   (1,894)       (2,029)


                                                                                       79,269        85,487


                    Non-trade related
                    Qilu Hydrogen                                                        4,080             –
                    Broaden Energy Hydrogen Solutions                                    4,020             –


                                                                                         8,100             –


                   Amount due to an associate


                                                                                    30/6/2025     31/12/2024
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                   (unaudited)      (audited)


                    Trade related
                    Hycee Pte. Ltd                                                       1,345           118
                    Broaden Energy Hydrogen Solutions                                     638              –


                                                                                         1,983           118




52   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                               Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the period ended June 30, 2025




26. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
    (b)    Related party balances (continued)
           Amounts due to related parties


                                                                                         30/6/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                       (unaudited)               (audited)


             Trade related
             Jiangsu Huade Hydrogen Energy Technology Co.                                     1,032                  2,395


    (c)    Compensation of key management personnel
           The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the period was as follows:

                                                                                       Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                       (unaudited)         (unaudited)


             Salaries and other benefits                                                      2,086                  2,056
             Discretionary bonuses                                                                –                      –
             Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                            240                    238
             Share-based payments                                                             3,098                  9,261


                                                                                              5,424                 11,555


27. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                         30/6/2025             31/12/2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                       (unaudited)               (audited)


     Capital expenditure contracted for but not provided in
       the consolidated financial statements:
       – Property, plant and equipment                                                       30,599                 52,649


28. IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
    On July 29, 2025, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Macquarie Bank Limited, pursuant to which
    the Company has conditionally agreed to issue and Macquarie Bank Limited has conditionally agreed to subscribe for
    6,000,000 warrants conferring the rights to subscribe up to 6,000,000 new H Shares to be allotted and issued upon
    exercise of the subscription rights attaching to the warrants. The warrants issued has a term of 18 months from the issue
    date. For details, please refer to the announcement and the circular of the Company dated July 29, 2025.

    Save as disclosed above, no significant events have taken place after the Reporting Period and up to the date of this
    interim report.


                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025    53
     Definitions

     “Articles of Association”          the articles of association of our Company, as amended from time to time


     “Audit Committee”                  the audit committee of the Board


     “Board”                            the board of directors of our Company


     “CG Code”                          the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules


     “Company” or “our Company”         Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen Energy Equipment Co., Ltd. (江蘇國富氫能技術裝備股份有限公
                                        司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on June 13, 2016 and converted
                                        into a joint stock limited company on August 31, 2020, whose H Shares have been listed
                                        on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


     “Director(s)”                      the director(s) of our Company


     “Domestic Unlisted Share(s)”       ordinary Shares in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                        each, which are subscribed for and paid up in RMB


     “Global Offering”                  an offering of 6,000,000 H Shares, comprising a final Hong Kong public offering of
                                        600,000 H Shares and a final international offering of 5,400,000 H Shares


     “Group”, “we”, “us” or “our”       the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time


     “H Share(s)”                       overseas-listed, foreign-invested, ordinary Shares issued by the Company with a nominal
                                        value of RMB1.00 each in the share capital of the Company, which are traded in Hong
                                        Kong dollars and listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


     “HK$” or “Hong Kong dollars”       Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong


     “Hong Kong” or “HK”                the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


     “Hydrogen Win New Energy”          Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Win New Energy Industry Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (張
                                        家港氫贏新能源產業合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC
                                        on December 14, 2023 as an employee incentive platform and was owned by 38 limited
                                        partners, with the general partner being Mr. Wu


     “Hydrogen Ying New Energy”         Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Ying New Energy Industry Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (張
                                        家港氫盈新能源產業合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC
                                        on December 14, 2023 as an employee incentive platform and was owned by 39 limited
                                        partners, with the general partner being Mr. Wu




54   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                                          Definitions




“Listing”                           the listing of the H Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on November 15,
                                    2024


“Listing Rules”                     the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange, as amended,
                                    supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Main Board”                        the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange which
                                    is independent from and operated in parallel with the Growth Enterprise Market of the
                                    Stock Exchange


“Model Code”                        the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in
                                    Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


“Mr. Wang”                          Mr. Wang Kai (王凱), the general manager of the Company and an executive Director


“Mr. Wu”                            Mr. Wu Pinfang (鄔品芳), the chairman of the Board and an executive Director


“New Cloud Technology”              Zhangjiagang New Cloud Technology Industry Consulting Enterprise (Limited
                                    Partnership)* ( 張 家 港 新 雲 科 技 產 業 諮 詢 企 業（ 有 限 合 夥 ）), a limited partnership
                                    incorporated in the PRC on April 11, 2016, with two general partners, being Mr. Wu and
                                    Mr. Wang, and 24 limited partners


“Nomination Committee”              the nomination committee of the Board


“PRC”                               The People’s Republic of China


“Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan(s)”   the pre-IPO employee share incentive plans adopted by the Company on January 13,
                                    2019, October 10, 2020 and November 24, 2023, the principal terms of which are
                                    summarized under the section headed “Corporate Governance and Other Information –
                                    Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans” in this interim report


“Prospectus”                        the prospectus issued by the Company in connection with the Global Offering dated
                                    November 7, 2024


“Qingjie New Energy”                Zhangjiagang Qingjie New Energy Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (張家
                                    港氫捷新能源科技合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC
                                    on January 17, 2019 as an employee incentive platform and was owned by 37 limited
                                    partners, with the general partner being Mr. He Guangliang (何光亮), a Supervisor


“Remuneration and Review            the remuneration and review committee of the Board
  Committee”


“Reporting Period”                  the six months ended June 30, 2025




                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025    55
     Definitions




     “RMB”                                Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


     “SFO”                                the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                          amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


     “Share(s)”                           ordinary share(s) with nominal value of RMB1.00 each in the share capital of the
                                          Company, comprising the Domestic Unlisted Shares and the H Shares


     “Shareholder(s)”                     holder(s) of the Shares


     “Stock Exchange”                     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


     “Strategy Committee”                 the strategy committee of the Board


     “Supervisor(s)”                      the supervisor(s) of the Company


     “Supervisory Committee”              the supervisory committee of our Company


     “%”                                  per cent


     If there is any inconsistency between the names of any of the entities, laws and regulations mentioned in this interim report
     which are not in the English language and their English translations, the names in their respective original languages shall
     prevail. The English translations are marked with “*” for identification purpose only.




56   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
