Contents
Corporate Information                                           2
Chairman’s Statement                                            4
Financial Highlights                                            6
Management Discussion and Analysis                              7
Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management    14
Report of the Board of Directors                               21
Report of the Supervisory Committee                            39
Corporate Governance Report                                    41
Environmental, Social and Governance Report                    62
Independent Auditor’s Report                                  117
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and                  122
 Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                  124
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                   126
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                          127
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                    129
Definitions                                                   217
    Corporate Information


    Board of Directors                                  Strategy Committee
    Executive Directors                                 Mr. WU Pinfang (Chairman)
                                                        Ms. TONG Sze Wan
    Mr. WU Pinfang (Chairman)
                                                        Mr. ZHANG Yongjun
    Mr. WANG Kai (General Manager)
    Mr. SHI Jian
                                                        Authorised Representatives
    Non-executive Directors                             Mr. SHI Jian
                                                        Ms. WONG Hoi Ting
    Mr. GU Yanjun
    Mr. ZHOU Lin
    Ms. LIU Yilin
                                                        Auditors
                                                        Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
    Independent Non-executive Directors                 Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                        35/F, One Pacific Place
    Ms. TONG Sze Wan
                                                        88 Queensway, Admiralty
    Mr. ZHANG Yongjun
                                                        Hong Kong
    Dr. ZOU Jiasheng


    Supervisors                                         Hong Kong Legal Advisor
                                                        Morgan, Lewis & Bockius
    Mr. HE Guangliang
                                                        19/F, Edinburgh Tower
    Ms. ZHAO Jing
                                                        The Landmark
    Mr. KUANG Kaifeng
                                                        15 Queen’s Road Central
                                                        Central, Hong Kong
    Joint Company Secretaries
    Mr. SHI Jian                                        PRC Legal Advisor
    Ms. WONG Hoi Ting (ACG, HKACG)
                                                        Lifeng Partners
                                                        39/F, Tower 2, Jing An Kerry Centre
    Audit Committee
                                                        1539 West Nanjing Road
    Ms. TONG Sze Wan (Chairlady)                        Shanghai, PRC
    Mr. GU Yanjun
    Dr. ZOU Jiasheng                                    Compliance Adviser
                                                        Soochow Securities International
    Remuneration and Review Committee
                                                          Capital Limited
    Dr. ZOU Jiasheng (Chairman)                         Level 17, Three Pacific Place
    Mr. WU Pinfang                                      1 Queen’s Road East
    Ms. TONG Sze Wan                                    Hong Kong

    Nomination Committee
    Mr. ZHANG Yongjun (Chairman)
    Mr. SHI Jian
    Ms. TONG Sze Wan (appointed on March 27, 2025)
    Dr. ZOU Jiasheng (ceased on March 27, 2025)


2   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                     Corporate Information




Registered Office and Head Office
in the PRC
No. 236
Guotai North Road
Zhangjiagang City
Jiangsu Province
PRC


P r i n c i p a l Pl a c e o f B u s i n e s s i n
Hong Kong
31/F., Tower Two
Times Square
1 Matheson Street
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong


Principal Banks
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Zhangjiagang Sub-branch
No. 3-98, Renmin West Road
Zhangjiagang City
Jiangsu Province
PRC


Hong Kong H Share Registrar
Computershare Hong Kong
  Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wan Chai
Hong Kong


Stock Code
2582


Company’s Website
www.guofuhee.com




                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024   3
    Chairman’s Statement

    Dear investors,


    On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the annual report of the Group for FY2024. FY2024 is a year of great
    significance for the Company.


    In 2024, the Company occupied a strategic high ground in the hydrogen energy industry with the focus on developing and
    manufacturing core equipment used in the entire industrial value chain of “production, storage, transportation, refueling and
    use”, which has become a leading enterprise in providing integrated solutions for hydrogen equipment in China. In the tide
    of deep reformation of the global energy structure, we upheld the principle of balancing innovation-oriented development
    with strategic breakthroughs, enabling us to achieve significant breakthroughs in the fields of transformation of technological
    achievements, global market-oriented deployment and capital operation. On November 15, 2024, the Company was
    successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Not only did this a recognition of the Company’s achievements
    by the capital market, but also signified that the enterprise has officially entered the fast track of large-scale development.


    Facing the tide of industry competition in this year, the Company implemented the approach of “technological empowerment
    and scenario exploration” and continued to carry out technology upgrades and product iterations. The energy consumption of
    large-scale alkaline water electrolysis hydrogen production systems exceeding 4.2kWh/Nm³, the trial operation of liquefaction
    units with a capacity of 10 tons/day, the successful R&D of 450L large-capacity cylinders as well as the implementation
    and demonstration of liquid hydrogen refueling stations have achieved breakthrough progress, which solidified the leading
    position in the entire hydrogen energy industry chain in terms of production, storage, transportation and use. At the
    same time, the Company participated various leading application demonstration projects in China, such as the hydrogen
    demonstration project at Ningbo Zhoushan Port, which set a new benchmark for the industry. At the same time, the Company
    proactively expanded its international businesses and its overseas footprints have covered Europe, South America, Middle
    East, Australia, Southeast Asia and the United States, which provided vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply
    systems, vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen storage cylinders, equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and water
    electrolysis hydrogen production equipment to such markets. In addition, the Company has deployed various joint ventures in
    Germany, the Netherlands, UAE, Brazil, India, Morocco and other international important strategic regions, which preliminarily
    established a global hydrogen network covering the areas of “R&D, manufacturing and application”. It was worth mentioning
    that, two production lines at production facility of Zhangjiagang Factory Phase III have also commenced official operation, one
    of which was a production line of Type-III cylinders with an annual capacity of approximately 22,000 units, and the other is
    a production line for water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment with an annual capacity of approximately 120 sets,
    which enabled the capacity of the Company to achieve leapfrog improvement and laid a solid foundation for becoming a
    global supply chain centre of hydrogen equipment in the future.




4   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                              Chairman’s Statement




Looking forward to 2025, the Company will make precise efforts in three dimensions to achieve breakthroughs, so as to drive
the Company to enter a new phase of growth:


I.     Sky dimension: the Company will seize the new frontiers in low-altitude economy and develop hydrogen-powered
       systems with ultra-long-range and ultra-big payload capacity, so as to establish competitiveness in airspace economy;


II.    Dimension of liquid hydrogen: the Company will capitalize the unique technologies in liquid hydrogen and promote
       the demonstration and application of liquid hydrogen industry chain, so as to form a development mode in the entire
       industry chain of “liquefaction, production, storage, transportation and refueling of green hydrogen” and “vertical
       operation of liquid hydrogen in water, land and air”; and


III.   International dimension: the Company will output hydrogen solutions and establish a sales network expanding to the
       world by leveraging on the strategic layout of overseas localized manufacturing, so as to output diversified solutions for
       hydrogen production using renewable energy and large-scale application of green hydrogen, thereby facilitating the
       low-carbon transformation of global energy systems.


Under the spotlight of energy reforms, we will adhere to the development focus on “technology productization, industrial
capitalization and market globalization” and improve our governance system based on the standards of public companies,
so as to create values for the Shareholders continuously. We firmly believe that, under the long-term and unfailing support
from our partners who fought side by side with us, customers who grow with us together, suppliers who are collaborative and
innovative as well as Shareholders who synchronize with us strategically, we will embark on a green chapter of the era on the
road of sustainable development.




Mr. Wu Pinfang
Chairman and Executive Director
Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen Energy Equipment Co., Ltd.


Jiangsu, the PRC
March 27, 2025




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024      5
    Financial Highlights


    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                For the year ended December 31,
     Operating Results                                      2024         2023          2022           2021
                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


     Revenue                                             458,609       522,442      359,492        329,278
     Gross profit                                         45,937        93,365        39,022        31,772
     Loss before tax                                    (252,629)      (88,809)     (116,090)       (89,549)
     Loss for the year                                  (208,628)      (75,043)      (96,218)       (75,249)
     Loss per share – Basic (RMB)                           (2.12)       (0.81)        (1.04)         (0.87)


    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                For the year ended December 31,
     Operating Results                                      2024         2023          2022           2021
                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


     Total assets                                       2,564,529    2,097,535     1,665,321      1,109,297
     Total liabilities                                  1,571,621    1,531,913     1,053,483       416,407
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company        991,025       565,391      611,867        694,533




6   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                          Management Discussion and Analysis


Business Overview and Outlook of the Group
Hydrogen energy is one of the important catalysts for the global energy transformation and its development will change the
global energy structure and contribute to new growth prospects for sustainable economic development. Governments around
the world have been actively pursuing the “carbon neutral” objective and have implemented, including those in Europe, Asia,
America, the Middle East and Australia, policies and initiatives to promote the development of clean energy in their respective
countries. Favorable national and regional policy support contributes to rapid growth of hydrogen fuel cell vehicles in China.
With the popularization of hydrogen fuel cell vehicles, the demand for the construction of supporting facilities, such as
hydrogen refueling stations, is expected to grow.


Since its inception, the Group has primarily focused on the transportation sector in China by developing and manufacturing
core components for hydrogen fuel cell vehicles (i.e., vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems) and equipment
for hydrogen energy transportation infrastructure (i.e., hydrogen refueling stations). By developing core equipment for water
electrolysis hydrogen production, hydrogen liquefaction, and storage and transportation of liquid hydrogen, the Group
expanded its business to the upstream and midstream stages of the hydrogen energy industrial value chain with multiple
application scenarios.


On November 15, 2024, the H Shares were successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, marking a significant
milestone towards international capitalization and providing robust support for the Group’s future development and
expansion.


The Group’s mission is to provide integrated solutions of hydrogen energy equipment covering the entire industrial value
chain of hydrogen energy to expedite the development of the hydrogen energy industry, including the production of green
hydrogen, large-scale high-efficiency storage, transportation and use of hydrogen energy, as well as transportation using
green energy. The Group is committed to becoming a leader in the advancement of hydrogen energy technologies and
equipment and making sizeable contributions to the transformation of green energy, energy saving and carbon reduction and
realization of the objective of “Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality”.


The Group currently provides four types of hydrogen energy equipment products to our customers, including: (i) vehicle-
mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and related products; (ii) equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and
related products; (iii) equipment for hydrogen liquefaction and the storage and transportation of liquid hydrogen; and (iv)
water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and related products.


China’s hydrogen energy industry is still in the early stages of commercialization, characterized by evolving infrastructure and
a competitive market. These factors have led to fluctuations in customer demand and orders. Customers’ purchasing decisions
have been influenced by various elements, including their business success, planning, financial performance, and budgetary
policies. The impact of the overall market environment and customer demand contributed to the decrease in the Group’s
overall revenue for FY2024 by approximately 12.2% to approximately RMB458.6 million and the increase in the loss for the
year by approximately 178.0% to approximately RMB208.6 million. In FY2024, the majority of the Company’s revenue was
generated from vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and related products and equipment for hydrogen
refueling stations and related products. Revenue from vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and related
products accounted for approximately 60.9% of the Company’s total revenue, while revenue from equipment for hydrogen
refueling stations and related products accounted for approximately 32.3% of the Company’s total revenue. Due to lower
selling prices driven by customer demand, no revenue from liquid hydrogen equipment, and lack of economies of scale, the
Group’s gross profit in FY2024 also declined as compared to that of FY2023.

                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024      7
    Management Discussion and Analysis




    Despite the decrease in the Group’s revenue for FY2024, the Company is actively expanding its overseas cooperation and
    business layout. The Company aims to promote the implementation and application of green hydrogen projects in relevant
    regions over the next year through technological and product improvements and full cooperation with its overseas partners.
    The Company also aims to reduce manufacturing cost and improve production efficiency by setting cost reduction and
    efficiency improvement targets in order to gradually achieve economies of scale to reduce the production costs and improve
    the profitability of the Company.


    The Company will continue to enhance its competitive advantages in hydrogen energy core equipment that is used for
    green energy transportation, and continue to leverage the synergies generated from business lines such as vehicle-mounted
    hydrogen supply systems (including high pressure and liquid hydrogen), equipment for hydrogen refueling stations (including
    high pressure and liquid hydrogen). By developing and demonstrating innovative liquid hydrogen products, the Company aims
    to promote the commercialization of fuel cell vehicles and hydrogen refueling stations.


    While maintaining and further increasing the Company’s market share and competitive advantage in the segment of vehicle-
    mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and related products and equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and
    related products, the Company will focus on the research, development, and iteration of core technologies for equipment
    for hydrogen liquefaction and the storage and transportation of liquid hydrogen, and water electrolysis hydrogen production
    equipment. Among the current four types of hydrogen energy equipment products, the Company shall strive to increase
    the promotion and sales of upstream hydrogen production, storage, and transportation equipment. The Company aims
    to gradually increase the proportion of revenue generated from hydrogen liquefaction and liquid hydrogen storage and
    transportation equipment, as well as water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and related products.


    To achieve the Group’s objective, the Group plans to implement the following key strategies: (i) generate synergy of the
    Group’s existing business lines and build an ecosystem for the development of the hydrogen energy industry; (ii) adhere to the
    R&D-driven strategy and promote technology upgrades and product iterations; (iii) expedite the Group’s globalization strategy
    to realize the expansion of our international presence; (iv) strengthen the Group’s manufacturing capabilities and increase
    production capacity; (v) actively participate in the formulation of policies and standards of hydrogen energy and capitalize on
    the opportunities brought by favorable government policies; and (vi) continue to attract and cultivate professional talents and
    improve the Group’s operational efficiency with the support of comprehensive talent training and team building.


    Looking ahead, the Group aims to continue to solidify its position as a leading hydrogen energy storage and transport
    equipment manufacturer in the PRC, by driving growth through innovation and expanding the Group’s product offerings.




8   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




Financial Review
Revenue
The Group’s revenue mainly consists of the sales derived from its four major product types: (i) vehicle-mounted high-
pressure hydrogen supply systems and related products; (ii) equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and related products;
(iii) equipment for hydrogen liquefaction and the storage and transportation of liquid hydrogen; and (iv) water electrolysis
hydrogen production equipment and related products.


The following table sets forth a breakdown of the revenue by product type for the years indicated:


                                                                             For the year
                                                                     ended December 31,                       Year-on-year
                                                                             2024               2023                change
                                                                     RMB’000                RMB’000


 Vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen
   supply systems and related products                                 279,089               301,060                (7.3)%
 Equipment for hydrogen refueling stations
   and related products                                                147,945               123,036                20.2%
 Water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment
   and related products                                                 31,575                15,564               102.9%
 Equipment for hydrogen liquefaction and storage
   and transportation of liquid hydrogen                                      Nil             82,782              (100.0)%


Total                                                                  458,609               522,442               (12.2)%


For the FY2024, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB458.6 million, as compared to approximately RMB522.4
million for the FY2023, representing a decrease of approximately 12.2%, which was mainly attributable to (i) no sales revenue
from equipment for hydrogen liquefaction and the storage and transportation of liquid hydrogen was recorded within FY2024
due to the current domestic market of liquid hydrogen equipment has yet to achieve scale demand and generate stable
revenue; and (ii) the decrease in sales of vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and related products due to
cancellation or delay of some of the orders particularly in December 2024.


Cost of Sales
The Group’s cost of sales consists primarily of (i) raw material costs, which mainly include the procurement costs for carbon
fiber, pipes and valves, electrical instrumentation, aluminum tubes, compressors and compressor skids, among others; (ii)
direct labor costs, which mainly represent the manpower used in the production activities; and (iii) manufacturing expenses,
which mainly include utility expenses, low value consumables and depreciation of manufacturing expenses relating to the
plants, machinery and equipment used in connection with its production activities.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024     9
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Cost of sales of the Group decreased by approximately 3.8% from RMB429.1 million for FY2023 to approximately RMB412.7
     million for FY2024, primarily due to the decrease in raw material costs.


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     Gross profit of the Group decreased by approximately 50.8% from approximately RMB93.4 million for FY2023 to
     approximately RMB45.9 million for FY2024. Gross profit margin decreased from approximately 17.9% for FY2023 to
     approximately 10.0% for FY2024. The decrease in gross profit was primarily due to (i) the overall lower selling prices of certain
     products driven by customers’ demand; (ii) the decrease in the gross profit of equipment for hydrogen liquefaction and the
     storage and transportation of liquid hydrogen as no sales revenue from liquid hydrogen equipment was recognised within
     FY2024; and (iii) the majority of the water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment sold during the FY2024 were small-
     scale trial products, resulting in high labor and manufacturing expenses.


     Other Income
     Other income of the Group decreased by approximately 36.9% from approximately RMB25.3 million for FY2023 to
     approximately RMB15.9 million for FY2024. Such decrease was primarily due to the decrease in government grants.


     Other Gains and Losses
     Other gains of the Group increased by approximately 16.7% from approximately RMB0.3 million for FY2023 to approximately
     RMB0.4 million for FY2024. Such increase was primarily due to the increase in net foreign exchange gains.


     Impairment Losses under Expected Credit Loss Model, Net of Reversal
     Impairment losses under the expected credit loss model, net of reversal of the Group increased by approximately 259.2% from
     approximately RMB6.1 million for FY2023 to approximately RMB22.0 million for FY2024. Such increase was primarily due to
     the increase in provisions for impairment of trade receivables, as the trade receivables grew in size and aged during FY2024.


     Selling Expenses
     Selling expenses of the Group increased by approximately 7.7% from approximately RMB43.5 million for FY2023 to
     approximately RMB46.9 million for FY2024. Such increase was primarily due to the increase in the share-based payment
     expenses recorded in the selling expenses.


     Research and Development Expenses
     Research and development expenses of the Group increased by approximately 12.0% from approximately RMB39.1 million
     for FY2023 to approximately RMB43.8 million for FY2024. Such increase was primarily due to (i) the increase in equipment
     depreciation of the workshops of Type-IV cylinders and liquid hydrogen tankers due to the failure to achieve large-scale mass
     production; and (ii) the increase in compensation of research and development personnel.




10   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




Administrative Expenses
Administrative expenses of the Group increased by approximately 54.7% from approximately RMB90.9 million for FY2023 to
approximately RMB140.6 million for FY2024. Such increase was primarily due to (i) the increase in the share-based payment
expenses recorded in the administrative expenses; (ii) the increase in consulting service fees; and (iii) the increase in employee
compensation and benefits due to the increase in the number of management personnel.


Listing Expenses

Listing expenses of the Group increased by approximately 711.8% from approximately RMB3.2 million for FY2023 to
approximately RMB26.2 million for FY2024. Such increase was primarily due to an increase in professional fees incurred in
connection with the completion of the initial public offering and listing of the H Shares on the Stock Exchange.


Share of Results of Associates

Share of results of associates of the Group increased by approximately 26.5% from approximately negative RMB2.1 million for
FY2023 to approximately negative RMB2.7 million for FY2024. Such increase was primarily due to the increase in the number
of associates during FY2024.


Finance Costs

Finance costs of the Group increased by approximately 43.6% from approximately RMB22.8 million for FY2023 to
approximately RMB32.8 million for FY2024. Such increase was primarily due to (i) the increase in interest due to the expansion
of the Company’s loan amounts; and (ii) a reduction in capitalized interest amounts due to the conversion to fixed assets of
the Zhangjiagang Factory Phase III.


Income Tax Credit

Income tax credit of the Group increased by approximately 219.6% from approximately RMB13.8 million for FY2023 to
approximately RMB44.0 million for FY2024. Such increase was primarily due to the increases in tax losses, share-based
payment expenses, government subsidies and expected credit losses provision.


Loss for the Year

As the result of the foregoing, the loss for the year of the Group increased by approximately 178.0% from approximately
RMB75.0 million for FY2023 to approximately RMB208.6 million for FY2024.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024      11
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources

     The Group’s primary sources of liquidity consist of cash generated from operating activities, bank borrowings and proceeds
     from the listing of H Shares on the Stock Exchange on November 15, 2024. The Group may require additional cash for future
     growth and/or incur additional capital expenditures for the development of its business, including any expansion plan of its
     production facilities to meet increasing customer demand and to manufacture more advanced hydrogen energy equipment.
     If the Group’s cash is insufficient to satisfy its working capital requirements, the Group may seek to issue additional equity or
     debt securities or obtain new or expanded credit facilities.


     As of December 31, 2024, the Group had restricted bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents of approximately RMB340.3
     million, representing a decrease of 4.0% as compared to approximately RMB354.5 million as of December 31, 2023. As of
     December 31, 2024, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were primarily denominated in Hong Kong dollars. As of December
     31, 2024, the Group had net current assets of approximately RMB134.8 million as compared to approximately RMB56.1 million
     as of December 31, 2023. The current ratio of the Group remained stable at approximately 1.1 as of December 31, 2024 and
     December 31, 2023.


     Borrowings and Charges on Group Assets
     As of December 31, 2024, the Group’s borrowings primarily consisted of bank loans and the transfer proceeds received from
     sale leaseback transactions amounted to approximately RMB884.1 million and RMB42.5 million, respectively. As of December
     31, 2024, the Group has secured borrowings of approximately RMB454.0 million; the range of effective interest rates per
     annum of the borrowings for fixed-rate borrowings and variable-rate borrowings are 3.05%-7.78% and 3.90%-5.00%,
     respectively. Borrowings of approximately RMB556.1 million are at fixed interest rates. As of December 31, 2024, the Group’s
     borrowings were all denominated in RMB.


     As of December 31, 2024, the Group pledged (i) the buildings and construction in progress with carrying amounts of
     approximately RMB504.0 million and equipment with carrying amounts of approximately RMB22.4 million; and (ii) the
     leasehold lands with carrying amounts of approximately RMB77.4 million, to secure general banking facilities.


     Gearing Ratio
     The gearing ratio (calculated as total liabilities divided by total assets) as of December 31, 2024 was approximately 61.3%
     (December 31, 2023: 73.0%). Such decrease was primarily due to the increase in equity attributable to owners of the
     Company as a result of listing of the Company by the end of FY2024.


     Capital Commitments
     The Group’s capital expenditure during the FY2024 was mainly related to the purchase of property, plant and equipment.
     As of December 31, 2024, the Group had capital commitments of approximately RMB52.6 million (December 31, 2023:
     approximately RMB69.0 million).




12   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis




Capital Expenditures
The Group’s capital expenditures during the FY2024 mainly consisted of property, plant and equipment and right-of-
use assets. For the FY2024, the Group’s capital expenditures amounted to approximately RMB229.0 million (FY2023:
approximately RMB222.6 million).


Contingent Liabilities
The Group had no material contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.


Foreign Exchange and Exchange Rate Risk
The Group primarily operates in the PRC and is exposed to foreign currency risk arising from fluctuations in exchange rates
between Renminbi and other currencies as certain financial liabilities are denominated in foreign currency. The Group currently
does not have a foreign exchange hedging policy. During the FY2024, the Group did not use any financial instruments for
foreign exchange hedging purposes, nor did it employ any currency borrowings and other hedging instruments for hedging
purposes. However, the management monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign
exchange exposure should the need arise.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
CAPITAL ASSETS
The Group did not hold any significant investment and events which could have a material impact on its operating and
financial performance for FY2024. Save as disclosed in the Prospectus, as of December 31, 2024, the Company had no specific
plans for significant investments or acquisitions of capital assets.


MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL
During the FY2024, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposal of subsidiaries, associates, or assets.


EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As of December 31, 2024, the Group had a total of 543 employees (December 31, 2023: 510). The total staff cost for FY2024
was approximately RMB163.3 million, as compared to approximately RMB96.4 million for FY2023. The remuneration packages
of the Group’s employees are determined with reference to individual qualification, experience, performance, contribution to
the Group and prevailing market rate, which include salaries, bonuses, benefits and share-based payments. The Company’s
remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including Directors and senior management, is
based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the Company’s affairs. The Company has adopted the Pre-IPO
Share Incentive Plans to motivate and reward its Directors and eligible employees. Details of the plans are set out in the section
headed “Report of the Board of Directors – Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans” below in this annual report.


The Group has an effective training system, including orientation and continuous on-the-job training, to accelerate the
learning progress and improve the knowledge and skill levels of our workforce. The orientation process covers subjects such
as corporate culture and policies, work ethics and occupational safety. The periodic on-the-job training covers environmental,
health and safety management systems and mandatory training required by applicable laws and regulations.


DIVIDEND
No dividends were declared for the FY2024, nor have any dividend been proposed subsequent to December 31, 2024.

                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024      13
     Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and
     Senior Management
     Set forth below are the profiles of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company for the FY2024 and up
     to the date of this annual report.


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Executive Directors
     Mr. Wu Pinfang (鄔品芳), aged 69, was appointed as the chairman of the Board and a Director in March 2020 and was re-
     designated as an executive Director on March 8, 2024. Mr. Wu currently serves as the executive director and general manager
     of Shanghai Qingping, Shanghai Guofu, Shanghai Qingmai, the chairman of Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute and Inner
     Mongolia Guofu and a director of Guofuhee Holdings PTE. Ltd. Mr. Wu is responsible for presiding over our overall strategic
     planning and operation arrangement.


     Mr. Wu has more than 44 years of experience in the chemical machinery industry and corporate management. From 1980 to
     2004, Mr. Wu has served as plant manager, chairman and/or general manager of several chemical machinery factories and
     companies, responsible for the overall management, daily operation and strategic planning. Mr. Wu served as the chairman
     of the board of Zhangjiagang City Furui Boiler Container Manufacturing Co., Ltd.* (張家港市富瑞鍋爐容器製造有限公司, now
     known as Furui Special Equipment.* (張家港富瑞特種裝備股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
     (stock code: 300228)) from January 2005 to June 2019, mainly responsible for the overall management and strategic planning.
     Furui Special Equipment is mainly engaged in natural gas liquefaction, LNG storage, transportation, terminal application,
     operation and maintenance services and heavy equipment manufacturing. From June 2016 to December 2018, Mr. Wu served
     as a Director, the chairman of the Board and the general manager of the Company. In 2020, Mr. Wu returned to the Company
     to hold directorship to support the Company’s growth, leveraging his extensive experience, industry knowledge and influence.
     Mr. Wu did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


     Mr. Wu completed the specialized course in enterprise management at the Suzhou Enterprise Management Association
     Training Center (蘇州市企業管理協會培訓中心) in Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC in January 1984. Mr. Wu obtained
     the professional qualification of senior economist from Jiangsu Human Resources and Social Security Bureau (江蘇省人力資源
     和社會保障局) in October 2012. Since April 2017, Mr. Wu has been serving as the vice president of Shanghai Partnership of
     FCV* (上海燃料電池汽車商業化促進中心).


     Mr. Wu is the spouse of Mr. Wang’s mother-in-law’s younger sister.




14   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                              Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. Wang Kai (王凱), aged 50, was appointed as a Director in October 2017 and the general manager of the Company in
December 2018 and was re-designated as an executive Director on March 8, 2024. Mr. Wang is responsible for presiding over
our daily operation and management.


Mr. Wang has more than 23 years of experience in chemical machinery industry and corporate management. Mr. Wang
has served as port supervisor of Port Supervision and Administration of Zhangjiagang City* (張家港市港航監督管理處, a
subordinate public institution of Zhangjiagang Transport Bureau* 張家港市交通運輸局) from August 1998 to May 2001,
mainly responsible for port scheduling; and a deputy general manager of Zhangjiagang Shenghui Chemical Machinery Co.,
Ltd.* (張家港市聖匯化工機械有限公司, which underwent name changes to Zhangjiagang Shenghui Gas Chemical Equipment
Co., Ltd.* 張家港聖匯氣體化工裝備有限公司and China Ship Shenghui Equipment Co., Ltd.* 中船聖匯裝備有限公司, and
now known as Suzhou Shenghui Equipment Co., Ltd.* 蘇州聖匯裝備有限公司) from May 2001 to February 2017, mainly
responsible for production, sales and day-to-day management of the business unit. Mr. Wang joined our Group as standing
vice general manager in February 2017. From December 2018 to March 2020, Mr. Wang served as the chairman of the Board.
From December 2022 to March 2024, Mr. Wang was appointed by Energy Research Association of Jiangsu Province* (江蘇省
能源研究會) to serve as a director. Mr. Wang did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


Mr. Wang graduated from Nanjing Institute of Transportation Higher Vocational Education (南京交通高等專科學校) in Nanjing
City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC with a college degree in port and waterway engineering in July 1997. Mr. Wang was awarded
with the second prize of Science and Technology Progress Award by the China Machinery Industry Federation (中國機械工業
聯合會) and the Chinese Mechanical Engineering Society (中國機械工程學會) in November 2020. Mr. Wang was appointed as
the deputy chairperson of the Pressure Vessel Branch of the Jiangsu Mechanical Engineering Society (江蘇省機械工程學會) in
August 2023.


Mr. Wang is the son-in-law of Mr. Wu’s spouse’s elder sister.


Mr. Shi Jian (施劍), aged 36, was appointed as the secretary of the Board in January 2019 and a Director in April 2021 and
was re-designated as an executive Director on March 8, 2024. Mr. Shi currently serves as the supervisor of Shanghai Qingping,
Shanghai Guofu, Shanghai Qingmai and a director of Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute. Mr. Shi is responsible for presiding
over our legal affairs and corporate governance matters.


Mr. Shi has more than 10 years of experience in corporate management, marketing and investment. From June 2014 to
December 2018, Mr. Shi served as the investment manager of Furui Special Equipment, mainly responsible for external
investments. Mr. Shi joined our Group as the secretary of the Board in January 2019. Mr. Shi did not hold any directorship in
any listed companies during the last three years.


Mr. Shi graduated from Nanjing Normal University (南京師範大學) in Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC with a master’s
degree in translation in June 2012. Mr. Shi has passed the evaluation tests required by the Securities Association of China (中
國證券業協會) for the securities practicing qualification certificate* (證券從業資格證書) in December 2019 and obtained the
board secretary qualification certificate from the SSE STAR MARKET in January 2022.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024     15
     Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Gu Yanjun (顧彥君), aged 34, was appointed as a Director in October 2017 and was re-designated as a non-executive
     Director on March 8, 2024. Mr. Gu is responsible for participating in the formulation of business and strategic plans of our
     Group.


     Mr. Gu has more than 9 years of experience in project investments. Mr. Gu has served as the investment manager of Yongjin
     Industry (Group) Co., Ltd.* (涌金實業（集團）有限公司) from August 2015 to September 2020, mainly responsible for project
     investments; and the investment manager of Shanghai Nano Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (上海納米創業投資有限公司) from
     September 2020 to December 2023, mainly responsible for project investments. Mr. Gu has been serving as the deputy general
     manager of Shanghai Yonghua Investment Management Co., Ltd. (上海涌鏵投資管理有限公司) since December 2023, mainly
     responsible for project investments. Mr. Gu did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


     Mr. Gu graduated from Fisher College of Business of the Ohio State University in the United States with a master’s degree in
     Specialized Master of Business in May 2014. Mr. Gu graduated from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics (上海財經
     大學) in Shanghai City, the PRC with a bachelor’s degree in business English and a bachelor’s degree in finance as his second
     major in June 2013. Mr. Gu obtained the China fund practitioner qualification certificate* (中國證券投資基金業從業證書) from
     the Asset Management Association of China (中國證券投資基金業協會) in May 2017.


     Mr. Zhou Lin (周林), aged 41, was appointed as a Director in September 2019 and was re-designated as a non-executive
     Director on March 8, 2024. Mr. Zhou is responsible for participating in the formulation of business and strategic plans of our
     Group.


     Mr. Zhou has more than 13 years of experience in investment and corporate management. Mr. Zhou has served as the
     president of Zhongxin Rongchuang Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (中新融創資本管理有限公司) from November 2011 to
     February 2022, mainly responsible for overall management and strategic planning; a director of Kaiser (China) Culture Co.,
     Ltd. (凱撒（中國）文化股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002425) from October
     2013 to February 2016, mainly responsible for setting strategic direction, overseeing management, making key decisions
     and ensuring board governance; a director of Suzhou Thvow Technology Co., Ltd. (蘇州天沃科技股份有限公司), a company
     listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002564) from June 2016 to February 2019, mainly responsible for setting
     strategic direction, overseeing management, making key decisions and ensuring board governance; a director of Grand
     Flight Investment Management Co., Ltd. (遠翼投資管理有限公司) from February 2017 to August 2023, mainly responsible for
     setting strategic direction, overseeing management, making key decisions and ensuring board governance; and a director of
     PCI Technology Group Co., Ltd. (佳都科技集團股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:
     600728) from October 2017 to September 2019, mainly responsible for setting strategic direction, overseeing management,
     making key decisions and ensuring board governance. Mr. Zhou has been serving as a director of Jiangsu SaraMike Technology
     New Material Co., Ltd.* (江蘇賽瑞邁科新材料有限公司) since August 2021, mainly responsible for setting strategic direction,
     overseeing management, making key decisions and ensuring board governance; the founding partner of Beijing Guoqian
     Investment Consulting Co., Ltd.* (北京國謙投資諮詢有限公司, now known as Beijing Guoqian Private Fund Management
     Co., Ltd.* 北京國謙私募基金管理有限公司) since January 2022, mainly responsible for managing investments companies,
     securing funding or resources and developing business strategies; a manager of Houxin Jiantou (Beijing) Private Equity Fund
     Management Co., Ltd.* (厚新健投（北京）私募基金管理有限公司) since February 2024, mainly responsible for managing daily
     operation; and a director of Manfred Intelligent Manufacturing (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.* (曼弗萊德智能製造（江蘇）有限公司) since
     July 2024, mainly responsible for setting strategic direction, overseeing management, making key decisions and ensuring
     board governance. Mr. Zhou did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.

16   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                              Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. Zhou graduated from the PBC School of Finance of Tsinghua University (清華大學五道口金融學院) in Beijing City, the PRC
with a master’s degree in EMBA in June 2023. Mr. Zhou graduated from Tsinghua University (清華大學) in Beijing City, the PRC
with a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering and automation in July 2007.


Ms. Liu Yilin (劉伊琳), aged 42, was appointed as a Director in January 2024 and was re-designated as a non-executive
Director on March 8, 2024. Ms. Liu is responsible for participating in the formulation of business and strategic plans of our
Group.


Ms. Liu has more than 11 years of experience in corporate management. Since November 2013, Ms. Liu has been serving as the
executive director of Sanya Shangcheng Industrial Development Co., Ltd.* (三亞尚誠實業發展有限公司), mainly responsible for
formulating the operational plans, finalizing proposals, and developing annual financial budget plans and final accounts plans.
Sanya Shangcheng Industrial Development Co., Ltd. is mainly engaged in interior and exterior decoration, large-scale cultural
event exhibition, planning and design consulting. Since September 2020, Ms. Liu has been serving as the executive director
of Shanghai Jinglin Industrial Co., Ltd.* (上海靜琳實業有限公司), mainly responsible for formulating the operational plans,
finalizing proposals, and developing annual financial budget plans and final accounts plans. Shanghai Jinglin Industrial Co.,
Ltd. is mainly engaged in engineering construction activities. From February 2024 to August 2024, Ms. Liu served as the board
secretary of Mengfa Group Holding Group Co., Ltd.* (蒙發能源控股集團有限責任公司), mainly responsible for preparing
board and shareholders’ meetings, ensuring standardized company operations, managing information disclosure, handling
investor relations, overseeing equity affairs, and dealing with equity investments and other related matters. Ms. Liu did not
hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


Ms. Liu graduated from Panamericana University in Costa Rica with a bachelor’s degree in business administration through
long distance learning courses in June 2014.


Independent Non-executive Directors
Ms. Tong Sze Wan (唐詩韻), aged 52, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in February 2024 and is
responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to our Board.


Ms. Tong has more than 26 years of experience in auditing and accounting. Ms. Tong has successively served as assistant
accounting manager and internal audit manager of Dong-Jun Holdings Limited (東峻集團有限公司, now known as Shandong
Hi-Speed Holdings Group Limited 山高控股集團有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 412) from September 1998 to April 2000, mainly responsible for financing securing, financial reporting and accounting
oversight; the company secretary of Jiangsu Nandasoft Technology Company Limited, a H-share company listed on the Growth
Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8045) from November 2002 to March 2014, mainly responsible for
legal and regulatory compliance, board support and risk management; the director of finance and administration department
of DAO LAB Limited (立道研究所有限公司) from November 2006 to May 2018, mainly responsible for overall financial and
administrative management; and an independent non-executive director of Yat Sing Holdings Limited (日成控股有限公司,
now known as China Supply Chain Holdings Limited 中國供應鏈產業集團有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of
the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3708) from December 2014 to January 2017, mainly responsible for providing independent
judgement and opinion. Ms. Tong has been serving as a consultant of Gurung & Shum Business Solutions Limited (日盛商務方
案有限公司) since May 2018, mainly responsible for finance and secretarial services to Hong Kong listed companies. Ms. Tong
did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024     17
     Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Ms. Tong graduated from Hong Kong Baptist University in Hong Kong with a bachelor’s degree in accounting and law
     (Honours) in June 1995. She is also an associate of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants since November 1998
     and The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since February 2001.


     Mr. Zhang Yongjun (張擁軍), aged 57, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in August 2021 and is
     responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to our Board.


     Mr. Zhang has extensive legal practice experience. Mr. Zhang has served as a partner of Guohao (Suzhou) Law Firm* (國浩
     律師（蘇州）事務所) from February 2016 to January 2018, mainly responsible for overseeing client relationships and providing
     strategic direction. Mr. Zhang has been serving as a senior partner of Beijing Longan (Suzhou) Law Firm* (北京市隆安（蘇州）
     律師事務所) since January 2018, mainly responsible for overseeing client relationships and providing strategic direction. Mr.
     Zhang did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


     Mr. Zhang graduated from the Soochow University (蘇州大學) in Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC with a bachelor’s
     degree in law in June 1997. Mr. Zhang obtained the PRC lawyer qualification certificate from the Ministry of Justice of the PRC
     (中華人民共和國司法部) in August 1996.


     Dr. Zou Jiasheng (鄒家生), aged 59, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in August 2021 and is
     responsible for providing independent opinion and judgment to our Board.


     Dr. Zou has more than 37 years of experience in material science and manufacturing. Since July 1986, Dr. Zou has been serving
     as a teacher in the School of Materials Science and Engineering of Jiangsu University of Science and Technology (江蘇科技大
     學), mainly responsible for teaching and research. Since April 2011, Dr. Zou has been serving as the general manager and the
     chairman of the board of Jiangsu Yangming Shipbuilding Equipment Manufacturing Technology Co., Ltd.* (江蘇陽明船舶裝
     備製造技術有限公司), mainly responsible for strategic decision-making and daily operation. Jiangsu Yangming Shipbuilding
     Equipment Manufacturing Technology Co., Ltd. is mainly engaged in the manufacturing of shipbuilding equipments. Dr. Zou
     did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


     Dr. Zou completed a postdoctoral research in the field of mechanical engineering at Nanjing University of Aeronautics and
     Astronautics (南京航空航天大學) in Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC from September 2006 to January 2010, and
     obtained a postdoctoral certificate from the National Postdoctoral Management Committee* (全國博士後管理委員會) in
     January 2010. Dr. Zou graduated from Nanjing University of Science and Technology (南京理工大學) in Nanjing City, Jiangsu
     Province, the PRC with a doctor’s degree in material science in July 2006. Dr. Zou obtained a master’s degree in welding
     from Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學) in Shanghai City, the PRC in March 1993 and a bachelor’s degree in metal
     materials and heat treatment from Northwestern Polytechnical University (西北工業大學) in the PRC in July 1986. Dr. Zou was
     granted as a professor by the Jiangsu Provincial Personnel Department (江蘇省人事廳, now known as Department of Human
     Resources and Social Security of Jiangsu Province 江蘇省人力資源和社會保障廳) in July 2005.




18   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                              Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Supervisors
Mr. He Guangliang (何光亮), aged 38, has been the chairman of the Supervisory Committee since August 2020 and is
responsible for leading and chairing the Supervisory Committee.


Since February 2019, Mr. He has been serving as a sales manager of the Company. Mr. He did not hold any directorship in any
listed companies during the last three years. Mr. He graduated from Nanjing University of Science and Technology (南京理工
大學) in Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC in international economics and trade in July 2021 through correspondence
courses. Mr. He obtained the professional qualification of logistician from China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing (中國
物流與採購聯合會) and the National Logistics Standardization Technical Committee (全國物流標準化技術委員會) in July 2007.


Ms. Zhao Jing (趙靜), aged 36, has been a Supervisor since February 2023. Ms. Zhao currently serves as the supervisor of
Beijing Guofu Wanjia Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京國富萬家氫能科技有限公司) and Sichuan Guofu Hydrogen
Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* (四川國富氫能科技有限公司), and a director of Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute. Ms. Zhao is
responsible for supervising the performance of duties by our Directors and members of the senior management.


Since October 2020, Ms. Zhao has been serving as the securities affairs representative and director’s office manager of the
Company, mainly responsible for assisting the secretary of the Board, securities affairs, administrative management. Ms. Zhao
obtained the board secretary qualification certificate from the SSE STAR MARKET in January 2022. Ms. Zhao did not hold
any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years. Ms. Zhao graduated from the College of Humanities and
Sciences of Northeast Normal University (東北師範大學人文學院) in Changchun City, Jilin Province, the PRC with a bachelor’s
degree in economics in June 2011.


Mr. Kuang Kaifeng (況開鋒), aged 37, has been the employee representative Supervisor since September 2023 and is
responsible for exercising the Supervisor’s rights and fulfilling obligations on behalf of employees.


From July 2011 to March 2016, Mr. Kuang served as a designer of Zhangjiagang CIMC Sanctum Cryogenic Equipment Co.,
Ltd.* (張家港中集聖達因低溫裝備有限公司), mainly responsible for the design of LNG refueling stations. From June 2016
to December 2023, Mr. Kuang successively served as the manager of the technology department and the general manager
of skid-mounted liquefaction division of the Company. Since January 2024, Mr. Kuang serves as the chief engineer of the
Company and is mainly responsible for overseeing product quality, certification, system construction, internal and external
quality assessments. Mr. Kuang did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during the last three years.


Mr. Kuang graduated from Anhui University of Science & Technology (安徽理工大學) in Huainan City, Anhui Province, the PRC
with a bachelor’s degree in process equipment and control engineering in July 2011. Mr. Kuang obtained the professional
qualification of Senior Engineer from Department of Human Resources and Social Security of Jiangsu Province* (江蘇省人力資
源和社會保障廳) in October 2022.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024    19
     Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Senior Management
     Mr. Cai Xubin (蔡徐斌), aged 43, was appointed as the chief financial officer of the Company in July 2017. Mr. Cai currently
     serves as the general manager of Inner Mongolia Guofu and the supervisor of Xinjiang Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology
     Service Co., Ltd.* (新疆國富氫能科技服務有限公司). Mr. Cai is responsible for the overall finance management of the
     Company.


     Mr. Cai has more than 14 years of experience in financial management. From June 2010 to June 2016, Mr. Cai served as the
     financial manager of Furui Special Equipment and mainly responsible for finance-related work. Since June 2016, Mr. Cai has
     been serving as the chief financial officer of the Company. Mr. Cai did not hold any directorship in any listed companies during
     the last three years.


     Mr. Cai graduated from Huaiyin Normal University (淮陰師範學院) in Huaian City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC with a bachelor’s
     degree in economics in June 2006.


     Joint Company Secretaries
     Mr. Shi Jian (施劍), aged 36, was appointed as our joint company secretary with effect from February 28, 2024. For biography
     of Mr. Shi Jian, please refer to “— Board of Directors — Executive Directors” above.


     Ms. Wong Hoi Ting (黃凱婷), aged 38, was appointed as our joint company secretary with effect from February 28, 2024.
     She has over 10 years of experience in corporate secretarial field and is currently responsible for providing corporate secretarial
     and compliance services to listed companies. Ms. Wong is currently a manager of the Listing Services Department of TMF Hong
     Kong Limited (a global corporate services provider). Ms. Wong graduated with a bachelor’s degree in social sciences from
     Lingnan University in Hong Kong in October 2009 and a master’s degree of science in professional accounting and corporate
     governance from City University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong in July 2014. Ms. Wong has been accredited as an associate of
     The Chartered Governance Institute and The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong
     Institute of Chartered Secretaries) since December 2016.




20   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                        Report of the Board of Directors

The Board is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group
for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the “Consolidated Financial Statements”).


CORPORATE INFORMATION
The Company was incorporated in the PRC as a limited liability company on June 13, 2016 and was converted into a joint
stock company with limited liability on August 31, 2020. The H Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
on November 15, 2024.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
The Company is a leading hydrogen energy storage and transport equipment manufacturer in China. The Company develops
and manufactures hydrogen energy core equipment used in the entire industrial value chain of hydrogen energy, which
consists of its production, storage, transportation, refueling and use.


A review of the Group’s business for FY2024 and a discussion on the Group’s future business development are set out in the
sections headed “Chairman’s Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 4 to 5 and pages 7 to 13 of
this annual report. Discussion and information therein form part of this Report of the Board of Directors. The results of the
Group for FY2024 are set out in the Consolidated Financial Statements.


RESULTS AND FINAL DIVIDEND
The results of the Group for FY2024 are set out in the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 122 to 216 of this annual
report.


The Board has resolved not to recommend the distribution of any final dividend for FY2024.


DIVIDEND POLICY
The Group currently does not have a pre-determined dividend policy. The Board may declare, and the Company may pay,
dividends after taking into account the Group’s results of operations, financial condition, cash flow, operating and capital
expenditure requirements, future business development strategies and estimates and other factors as it may deem relevant.


According to the PRC Company Law, a PRC incorporated company is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits
each year, after making up previous years’ accumulated losses, if any, to contribute to certain statutory reserve funds until the
aggregate amount contributed to such funds reaches 50% of its registered capital. The Company may pay dividends out of
after-tax profits after making up for accumulated losses and contributing to statutory reserve funds as mentioned above. Based
on the above, the Company is not able to pay any dividend as of the date of this annual report.


The Group may distribute stock dividends if the Directors consider that the Company’s stock price and equity scale do not
match and that distribution of stock dividends is beneficial to all Shareholders’ interest. Any declaration and payment as well as
the amount of dividends will be subject to the Company’s constitutional documents and the PRC Company Law. Any proposed
distribution of dividends shall be determined by the Board and must be approved by the Shareholders at a general meeting.
In addition, the Company may declare interim dividends as the Board considers to be justified by the Group’s profits and
overall financial requirements. No dividend shall be declared or payable except out of the Group’s profits and reserves lawfully
available for distribution. The Company’s future declarations of dividends may or may not reflect its historical declarations of
dividends and will be at the discretion of the Board and subject to the approval of Shareholders’ meeting.

                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024      21
     Report of the Board of Directors




     SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
     The details of the subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 45 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     The Company’s financial condition, results of operations and business prospects may be affected by a number of risks and
     uncertainties related directly or indirectly to the Company’s business. Below sets out the main risks and uncertainties of which
     the Company is aware. In addition to those listed below, there may be other risks and uncertainties not known to the Company
     or which may not be material at present but may become material in the future:


     (i)      updates of the PRC government policies and regulatory framework supporting hydrogen energy industry, hydrogen
              energy core equipment industry and new energy industry could have a material impact on our industry and our business
              operation.


     (ii)     we depend on our customers’ demand for our products. A reduction of customer demand could have a material
              adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects.


     (iii)    we face intense market competition and the industry may undergo unforeseen changes under rapid development. If we
              fail to compete successfully, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.


     (iv)     we recorded net losses and had net cash used in operating activities during FY2023 and FY2024, all of which may
              continue in the future.


     (v)      we are exposed to the credit risk of our customers and failure to collect our trade and other receivables in a timely
              manner may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.


     (vi)     fluctuations in the market prices for our key raw materials, such as carbon fiber and aluminum tubes, may materially
              and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


     (vii)    we may not be able to increase our production capacity and implement other expansions as planned.


     (viii)   the industry we operate in is characterized by rapid technological changes and advancements, which requires us to
              invest substantial resources in the R&D, sustain technological innovation and keep up with the technological upgrades
              and iterations in a timely manner. Our failure to do so could result in the delay or failure by us in bringing new and
              competitive products to the market and adversely affect our financial performance.


     (ix)     we rely on our major customers and suppliers. The loss of any of these customers or suppliers could adversely affect our
              business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.


     (x)      if we are unable to manage our inventory risks efficiently or the proportions and amount of our provision for
              inventories further increase, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We may not
              be successful in expanding our operations in a timely or cost-effective manner.




22   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                               Report of the Board of Directors




(xi)        our business is subject to the geopolitical risks associated with conducting operations in various foreign jurisdictions.


(xii)       our business is capital-intensive, we may require additional financing to support our developments or adapt to changes
            in business conditions, but we may not be able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all.


We also face financial risks including market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. Details of these financial risks are set out in note
43 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


GLOBAL OFFERING
The H Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on November 15, 2024. The H Shares were issued to and
subscribed by Hong Kong and overseas investors at a final offer price of HK$65.00 per H Share (excluding brokerage of 1.0%,
SFC transaction levy of 0.0027% and the Stock Exchange transaction fee of 0.00565%) by way of an initial public offering. For
details of the Global Offering, please refer to the Prospectus and the allotment results announcement of the Company dated
November 14, 2024.


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
The net proceeds received from the Global Offering, after deducting the underwriting fees and commissions and other
expenses payable by the Company in connection with the Global Offering, amounted to approximately HK$339.7 million,
equivalent to approximately RMB314.5 million. As of December 31, 2024 and up to the date of this annual report, the
Company did not change its plan on the use of proceeds as stated in the Prospectus. The Company intends to use the net
proceeds in the same manner and proportion as set out in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” of the
Prospectus.


As of December 31, 2024, the net proceeds from the Global Offering were used as follows:


                                                  Approximate         Net proceeds          Net proceeds        Unutilized net    Expected timeline to
                                             percentage of the      from the Global         utilized as of      proceeds as of    utilize the unutilized
                                             total net proceeds            Offering December 31, 2024 December 31, 2024           net proceeds in full(1)
                                               Approximate %           RMB million           RMB million           RMB million


  Expand the production capacity for                      56.1                176.5                   3.9                172.6    By the end of
        certain products                                                                                                             the year ending
                                                                                                                                     December 31, 2026
  Enhance the R&D capabilities and pursue                 33.9                106.6                   1.8                104.8    By the end of
        continuous technology upgrades and                                                                                           the year ending
        product iterations                                                                                                           December 31, 2026
  Working capital and general corporate                   10.0                 31.5                  31.2                   0.2   By the end of
        purposes to support the Group’s                                                                                              the year ending
        business operation and growth                                                                                                December 31, 2025


  Total                                                  100.0                314.5                  36.9                277.6

Notes:

(1)         The expected timeline for using the unutilized net proceeds is based on the best estimation of the present and future business market situations
            made by the Board, and it will be subject to changes based on the future development of market conditions.

(2)         All figures in the above table are approximations and rounded to the nearest 1 decimal place. Totals may not add up due to such rounding.


                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024          23
     Report of the Board of Directors




     Details of the use of net proceeds from the Global Offering are set out in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of
     Proceeds” of the Prospectus.

     Subsequent to the Listing Date, the unutilized net proceeds were deposited into licensed commercial banks in Hong Kong. For
     the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company does not anticipate any changes to its plans for the use of proceeds.


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
     The Group seeks to be a responsible corporate in fulfilling environmental, social and governance responsibilities by advancing
     the use of clean energy, promoting “Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality” goal, supporting social causes and exploring
     ways to protect the environment. With a focus on environmental consciousness, we strive to conserve our environment by
     using resources responsibly, reducing waste, and maintaining a neutral carbon footprint. We develop and produce hydrogen
     energy core equipment with a goal to serve global and China’s hydrogen energy industry and contribute to the development of
     green hydrogen which are considered as an important way to reduce carbon emissions. During FY2024, the Company had not
     been subject to any fines or other penalties due to non-compliance with health, safety or environmental laws or regulations.


     For further details of the Company’s environmental performance and policies, please refer to the Environmental, Social and
     Governance Report contained on pages 62 to 116 of this annual report. The Environmental, Social and Governance Report
     of the Company for 2024 will be published at the same time as the publication of this annual report on the websites of the
     Company and the Stock Exchange.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     During the year ended December 31, 2024, to the best knowledge of the Directors, there was no material breach of or non-
     compliance with applicable laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operations of the Group.


     KEY RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
     The Company recognizes that various stakeholders including customers, suppliers, employees and other business associates
     are key to the Group’s success. The Group strives to achieve corporate sustainability through engaging, collaborating, and
     cultivating strong relationships with them.


     The Group offers competitive remuneration packages and ensure that all employees are reasonably remunerated, while
     continuously improving and regularly reviewing and updating its policies on remuneration and benefits, training, and
     occupational health and safety.


     The Group maintains a good relationship with its customers and visit its customers periodically to seek their feedback on the
     Group’s products, and the Company conducts a customer satisfaction survey every 12 months. The Group has established a
     customer complaint handling mechanism to resolve customer complaints.


     The Group maintains good relationships with its suppliers and conducts fair and rigorous evaluations of its suppliers on an
     annual basis.




24   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                               Report of the Board of Directors




MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The Group’s customers primarily consist of fuel cell system integration providers, vehicle manufacturers, domestic energy
companies, and city bus operating companies. The aggregate revenue attributable to the Group’s five largest customers for
the year ended December 31, 2024 amounted to RMB237.2 million (2023: RMB296.0 million), accounting for approximately
51.7% (2023: 56.7%) of the Group’s total revenue. The revenue from the Group’s largest customer for the year ended
December 31, 2024 amounted to RMB105.6 million (2023: RMB86.0 million), accounting for approximately 23.0% (2023:
16.5%) of the Group’s total revenue.


The Group’s suppliers primarily consist of the providers of carbon fiber, aluminum tubes, tube and valve fittings, bottle sets,
compressors, among others. The aggregate purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers for the year ended
December 31, 2024 amounted to RMB129.5 million (2023: RMB95.6 million), accounting for approximately 44.0% (2023:
33.6%) of the Group’s total purchases. The purchase attributable to the Group’s largest supplier for the year ended December
31, 2024 amounted to RMB57.1 million (2023: RMB42.4 million), accounting for approximately 19.4% (2023: 14.9%) of the
Group’s total purchases.


To the best knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors, Supervisors or their associates or any Shareholders who owned
more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital had any beneficial interest in any of the Group’s five largest suppliers or
suppliers during the year ended December 31, 2024.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the consolidated operating results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last four financial years
is set out in the section headed “Financial Highlight” in this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited
Consolidated Financial Statements.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for the pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the PRC laws, which would oblige the
Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing Shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the H Shares.
If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in, or exercising of
any rights in relation to the H Shares, they are advised to consult their professional advisers.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the property, plant and equipment of the Group and their movements during the year ended December 31, 2024
are set out in note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


DONATION
Donations to “City of Love (愛滿港城)” Charity Fund amounted to RMB20,000 was made by the Group during the year ended
December 31, 2024.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024      25
     Report of the Board of Directors




     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     To the best knowledge of the Directors, save for the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans, there was no equity-linked agreement
     entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries during FY2024.


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
     The Company has taken out Directors’ liability insurance to protect the Directors against any loss they may incur as a result of
     their factual or alleged misconduct. As of December 31, 2024, such Directors’ liability insurance has been in force.


     RESERVES AND DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 126
     of this annual report report and note 47 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. As of December 31, 2024, the Company
     did not have any distributable reserves (as of December 31, 2023: nil).


     BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
     Particulars of bank loans of the Group as of December 31, 2024 are set out in the section headed “Management Discussion
     and Analysis” in this annual report and note 31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


     Save as disclosed in this annual report, during the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group had not made any loan
     or provided any guarantee for loan, directly or indirectly, to the Directors, senior management of the Company, or their
     respective connected persons.


     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of movements in share capital of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out in note 36 to the
     Consolidated Financial Statements.


     DEBENTURE AND CONVERTIBLE BOND ISSUED
     The Group did not issue any debenture or any convertible bond for the year ended December 31, 2024.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of its Shareholders
     and to enhance its corporate value and accountability. The Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate
     governance. The Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in Part 2 of the CG Code from the Listing
     Date to December 31, 2024. The Company will continue to review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure
     compliance with the CG Code.


     Details of the Group’s corporate governance practices can be found in the corporate governance report contained on pages
     41 to 61 of this annual report.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     From the Listing Date and up to the date of this annual report, there was no purchase, sale or redemption of any listed
     securities (including treasury shares) of the Company by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Company did not hold any
     treasury shares as of December 31, 2024 and up to the date of this annual report.

26   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                            Report of the Board of Directors




BOARD OF DIRECTORS
There are currently three executive Directors, three non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors on
the Board.


During the year ended December 31, 2024 and as of the date of this annual report, the Directors were:


Executive Directors
Mr. WU Pinfang (Chairman)
Mr. WANG Kai (General Manager)
Mr. SHI Jian


Non-executive Directors
Mr. GU Yanjun
Mr. ZHOU Lin
Ms. LIU Yilin


Independent Non-executive Directors
Ms. TONG Sze Wan
Mr. ZHANG Yongjun
Dr. ZOU Jiasheng


CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE FROM THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
DIRECTORS
The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-executive Directors
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and all of them are considered to be independent.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct for the trading of securities by the Directors and Supervisors.
Since the H Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on November 15, 2024, the Model Code was
not applicable to the Company before the Listing Date. Having made specific reasonable inquiries with all Directors and
Supervisors, the Company confirmed that all Directors and Supervisors have complied with the provisions of the Model Code
throughout the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2024.


DIRE C TORS ’ AND SUPERVISORS ’ SERVI C E C ONTRA C TS AND L ETTERS OF
APPOINTMENT
The Company has entered into a service contract or a letter of appointment with each of the Directors and Supervisors which
contains provisions in relation to, among other things, compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, observation of
the Articles of Association and provisions on arbitration. The service contract and the letter of appointment may be renewed
in accordance with our Articles of Association and the applicable rules.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024     27
     Report of the Board of Directors




     Each executive Director has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term from the date on which the
     appointment is approved by the Shareholders’ meeting to the date of expiry of the term of office of the second session of
     the Board unless terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party on the other. Each non-
     executive Director and independent non-executive Director has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for
     a term of three years from the date on which the appointment is approved by the Shareholders’ meeting unless terminated
     by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by Director or written notice served by the Company at any time.
     Each Supervisor has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term from the date on which the appointment
     is approved by the Shareholders’ meeting to the date of expiry of the term of office of the second session of the Supervisory
     Committee.


     Save as disclosed above, none of our Directors or Supervisors has entered, or has proposed to enter, a service contract with any
     member of the Group (other than contracts expiring or determinable by the employer within one year without the payment of
     compensation (other than statutory compensation)).


     Details of Directors and Supervisors’ remuneration for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out in note 12 to the
     Consolidated Financial Statements.


     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS
     OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
     No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or any
     of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director or a Supervisor or his or her connected entity had a material interest,
     whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year ended December 31, 2024 or at any time during the year ended
     December 31, 2024.


     INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
     As at December 31, 2024, none of the Directors or their respective associates had engaged in or had any interest in any
     business which competes or may compete with the businesses of the Group.


     COMPETITION AND CONFLICT OF INTERESTS
     During the year ended December 31, 2024, none of the Directors or Supervisors or any of their respective associates has any
     interests in any business that competes or may compete, directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group or has any other
     conflict of interests with the Group.


     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     Other than the Directors’ and Supervisors’ service contracts and letters of appointment, no contracts concerning the
     management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Group were entered into or existed
     during the year or subsisted at the end of the year ended December 31, 2024.


     CHANGES TO INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Pursuant to 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, since the Listing Date and up to the date of this annual report, Dr. Zou Jiasheng
     ceased to be a member of the Nomination Committee on March 27, 2025, and Ms. Tong Sze Wan was appointed as a member
     of the Nomination Committee on March 27, 2025.



28   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                        Report of the Board of Directors




Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no change in any information relating to any Directors, Supervisors and senior
management of the Company which were required to be disclosed in accordance with paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule
13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.


DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES , UNDER L YING SHARES AND DE B ENTURES OF THE
COMPANY
As at December 31, 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and the chief executives of the
Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which had to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and
8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions
of the SFO), or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or
which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange were as follows:


                                                                                                             Approximate          Approximate
                                                                                                            Percentage of        Percentage of
                                                                                                          Shareholding in      Shareholding in
                                                                                           Number of          the Relevant     the Total Issued
  Name                      Nature of Interest           Type of Shares                         Shares     Type of Shares        Share Capital


  Mr. Wu(1)                 Interest in controlled       Domestic Unlisted Shares           2,142,440                8.49%               2.05%
                              corporation                H Shares                          20,970,357              26.38%               20.03%
                            Beneficial owner             Domestic Unlisted Shares           1,712,993                6.79%               1.64%
                                                         H Shares                           1,712,994                2.16%               1.64%
  Mr. Wang(2)               Interest in controlled       H Shares                          18,827,916              23.69%               17.98%
                              corporation
                            Interest held jointly with   Domestic Unlisted Shares           3,855,433              15.29%                3.68%
                              another person             H Shares                           3,855,435                4.85%               3.68%
  Mr. He Guangliang(3)      Interest in controlled       Domestic Unlisted Shares             750,000                2.97%               0.72%
                              corporation                H Shares                             750,000                0.94%               0.72%

Notes:

(1)      Mr. Wu is the beneficial owner of 1,712,993 Domestic Unlisted Shares and 1,712,994 H Shares. In addition, pursuant to the SFO, Mr. Wu is
         deemed to be interested in (i) the 18,827,916 H Shares held by New Cloud Technology in the Company due to his role as a general partner
         in New Cloud Technology and the acting in concert agreement between him and Mr. Wang; (ii) the 933,335 H Shares and 933,334 Domestic
         Unlisted Shares held by Hydrogen Ying New Energy and 459,016 H Shares and 459,016 Domestic Unlisted Shares held by Hydrogen Win New
         Energy in the Company due to his role as a general partner in Hydrogen Ying New Energy and Hydrogen Win New Energy, respectively; and
         (iii) the 750,000 H Shares and 750,000 Domestic Unlisted Shares held by Qingjie New Energy in the Company, whose voting rights have been
         entrusted to him pursuant to the relevant voting rights proxy agreement.

(2)      Mr. Wang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by New Cloud Technology, Qingjie New Energy, Hydrogen Ying New Energy and
         Hydrogen Win New Energy in the Company due to his role as a general partner and/or the acting in concert agreement between him and Mr.
         Wu, as the case may be, under the SFO.

(3)      Mr. He Guangliang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Qingjie New Energy in the Company due to his role as a general partner
         under the SFO.




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024        29
     Report of the Board of Directors




     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2024, none of the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the Company had
     or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any
     of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which had to be notified to the Company and the
     Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were
     taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be
     entered in the register referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company
     and the Stock Exchange.


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND/OR SHORT POSITION IN SHARES
     AND UNDERLYING SHARES
     As at December 31, 2024, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons/entities (other than the Directors,
     Supervisors or chief executive of the Company) had, or were deemed to have, interests or short positions in the Shares or
     underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions
     2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section
     336 of the SFO were as follows:


                                                                                                                      Approximate          Approximate
                                                                                                                     Percentage of        Percentage of
                                                                                                                  Shareholding in       Shareholding in
                                                                                                   Number of          the Relevant      the Total Issued
       Name of Shareholder       Nature of Interest            Class of Shares                         Shares       Type of Shares         Share Capital


       New Cloud Technology      Beneficial owner              H Shares                            18,827,916               23.69%               17.98%
       Chen Jinxia   (1)
                                 Interest in controlled        Domestic Unlisted Shares             3,636,721               14.42%                 3.47%
                                   corporation

     Note:

     (1)     Under the SFO, Chen Jinxia is deemed to be interested in (i) the 428,783 Shares held by Shanghai Hongcheng Venture Capital Partnership (Limited
             Partnership)* (上海泓成創業投資合夥企業（有限合夥）); (ii) the 2,500,000 Shares held by Zhangjiagang Yongyuan Huaneng Equity Investment
             Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (張家港湧源鏵能股權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）); (iii) 285,855 Shares held by Huzhou Jurenyongxing Equity
             Investment Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)* (湖州巨人湧興股權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）); and (iv) 422,083 Shares held by Shanghai
             Yongju Private Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (上海湧鉅私募投資基金合夥企業（有限合夥）), due to her direct and/or indirect
             interests in such companies.


     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2024, the Directors were not aware of any other persons/entities (other than the
     Directors, Supervisors and chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying
     Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of
     Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the
     SFO.




30   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                             Report of the Board of Directors




RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLAN
The Group participates in defined contribution retirement benefit plan managed by the PRC local government authorities for
the Group’s eligible employees in the PRC. The eligible employees in the PRC are required to contribute a certain percentage
of their payroll to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to this
retirement benefits scheme is to make the required contributions under the scheme. Particulars of these retirement plans are
set out in note 44 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.


There were no forfeited contributions in respect of the Group’s defined contribution plan as mentioned above.


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS WITH
HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS
Details of the emoluments of the Directors, Supervisors and five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in note 12 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, except for wages and salaries payable for employment within the Group, no
emoluments were paid by the Group to any Director, any Supervisor or any of the five highest paid individuals as an
inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the Directors or the Supervisors
has waived any emoluments for the year ended December 31, 2024.


Except as disclosed above, no other payments have been made or were payable, for the year ended December 31, 2024, by
the Group to or on behalf of any of the Directors or the Supervisors.


PRE-IPO SHARE INCENTIVE PLANS
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans approved and adopted by the Company
on January 13, 2019 (the “2019 Plan”), October 10, 2020 (the “2020 Plan”) and November 24, 2023 (the “2023 Plan”)
for the purpose of attracting and retaining talents for the Group. Under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans, eligible incentive
recipients as approved by the Company may subscribe for the Shares pursuant to the 2020 Plan and subscribe for the limited
partnership interests (the “Incentive Awards”) in Qingjie New Energy, Hydrogen Ying New Energy and Hydrogen Win New
Energy (collectively as the “Employee Shareholding Platforms”) pursuant to the 2019 Plan (as to Qingjie New Energy) and
the 2023 Plan (as to Hydrogen Ying New Energy and Hydrogen Win New Energy), respectively. As of the date of this annual
report, the Employee Shareholding Platforms held an aggregate of 4,284,881 Shares, representing approximately 4.09% of
total issued Shares. The Incentive Awards under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans do not involve the grant of options by the
Company to subscribe for new Shares.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024      31
     Report of the Board of Directors




     1.     The 2019 Plan
            (a)    Purpose
                   The purpose of the 2019 Plan is to establish a benefit-sharing and constraint mechanism between Shareholders
                   and employees and external consultant, to attract and retain talents for the Group and to enhance the
                   competitiveness of the Company and align with its focus on long-term development.


            (b)    Eligible incentive recipients
                   Eligible incentive recipients shall be management staff, mid-level key personnel, core technical staff and
                   external consultant.


            (c)    Total number of Shares subject to the 2019 Plan
                   The incentive recipients shall be interested in a total of 1,500,000 Shares through holding the Incentive Awards
                   in Qingjie New Energy, the underlying Shares of which were corresponding to the share capital of the Company
                   of RMB1,500,000 and representing approximately 1.43% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at
                   the date of this annual report.


                   As of the date of this annual report, all Shares subject to the 2019 Plan have been issued to Qingjie New Energy
                   and all the Incentive Awards subject to the 2019 Plan have been granted to and subscribed by 38 incentive
                   recipients (including one external counsel at the relevant time), and no further Shares or Incentive Awards have
                   been granted under such plan after the Listing.


            (d)    Rights and restrictions
                   The incentive recipients are subject to certain transfer and disposal restrictions, including (i) no disposal of the
                   Incentive Awards or creation of third-party rights over the incentive Awards by way of transfer, pledge, trust or
                   any other means, (ii) a 30-day prior notice for transfer of Incentive Awards which shall be transferred to limited
                   scope of persons, including the other partners of Qingjie New Energy, or other eligible employees of the Group.


            (e)    Repurchase of the Incentive Awards
                   The general partner of Qingjie New Energy or other employees of the Group designated by the general partner,
                   has the right (but not obligation) to repurchase part of all Incentive Awards held by incentive recipients, if there
                   are any faults of the incentive recipients as set out in the relevant agreement with each incentive recipient.


     2.     The 2020 Plan
            (a)    Purpose
                   The purpose of the 2020 Plan is to establish a benefit-sharing and constraint mechanism between Shareholders
                   and employees, to attract and retain talents for the Group and to enhance the competitiveness of the Company
                   and align with our focus on long-term development.


            (b)    Eligible incentive recipients
                   Eligible incentive recipients shall be management staff, mid-level key personnel and core technical staff.



32   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                          Report of the Board of Directors




     (c)   Administration
           The general meeting of the Company shall be responsible for considering and approving the adoption,
           implementation, alteration and termination of the 2020 Plan. The Board shall be responsible for formulating,
           amending, explaining the terms of the plan under the authorization of the general meeting.


     (d)   Total number of Shares subject to the 2020 Plan
           The eligible incentive recipients shall be entitled to subscribe a total of 3,425,987 Shares at a price of RMB4.38
           per Share by way of capital injection. As of the date of this annual report, all Shares subject to the 2020 Plan
           have been granted to and subscribed by Mr. Wu. For further details, please refer to “History and Corporate
           Structure — Our Corporate History — (3) Major Shareholding Changes of Our Company — (e) Capital injection
           by Mr. Wu” of the Prospectus.


     (e)   Rights and restrictions
           The eligible incentive recipients shall not dispose the granted Shares or create third-party rights over the Shares
           by way of transfer, pledge, trust or any other means before and within three years after the Listing.


3.   The 2023 Plan
     (a)   Purpose
           The purposes of the 2023 Plan include, among other things, enhancing the Group’s governance structure,
           instituting a long-term incentive and discipline mechanism, involving human capital in allocation, strengthening
           and refining the compensation incentive system, and establishing a mechanism for sharing benefits and risks
           among Shareholders, senior management, key personnel, and core staff of the Company.


     (b)   Eligible incentive recipients
           Eligible incentive recipients shall be the following persons who have an employment relationship with any
           member of the Group (the “Group Company(ies)”): (i) directors and senior management, (ii) middle-level
           management, (iii) core technical and sales personnel, or (iv) other personal that had special contribution to the
           Group.


     (c)   Administration
           The Board shall be responsible for formulating, explaining and amending the appraisal and management
           approach of the 2023 Plan, determining whether the Incentive Awards held by the incentive recipients have
           reached the unlocking conditions. The Remuneration and Review Committee shall be responsible for leading
           and organizing the appraisal of incentive recipients, guiding the Company’s human resources department for
           the specific appraisal. The 2023 Plan shall be developed, implemented, executed and administered by Mr. Wu
           and Mr. Wang at their sole discretion.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024      33
     Report of the Board of Directors




            (d)    Total number of Shares subject to the 2023 Plan
                   The incentive recipients shall be interested in a total of 2,784,881 Shares through holding the Incentive
                   Awards in Hydrogen Ying New Energy and Hydrogen Win New Energy, the underlying Shares of which were
                   corresponding to the share capital of our Company of RMB2.78 million and representing approximately 2.82%
                   of the total issued share capital of our Company immediately prior to the Global Offering. As of the date of
                   this annual report, all Shares subject to the 2023 Plan have been issued to Hydrogen Ying New Energy and
                   Hydrogen Win New Energy and all the Incentive Awards subject to the 2023 Plan have been granted to and
                   subscribed by 80 incentive recipients, and no further Shares or Incentive Awards have been granted under such
                   plan following the Listing.


            (e)    Assessment requirements and unlocking arrangement
                   The Incentive Awards granted to incentive recipients will be unlocked in three assessment periods:


                                                                                                                Percentage of
                                                                                                                        Incentive
                                                                                                                         Awards
                    No.   Assessment Period              Date of Unlocking                                              Unlocked


                    1.    From the date of grant to      Performance goals achievement at our Company                       50%
                            December 31, 2024              level and individual performance assessment
                                                           results for the first assessment period approved
                                                           by the Board


                    2.    From January 1, 2025 to        Performance goals achievement at our Company                       30%
                            December 31, 2025              level and individual performance assessment
                                                           results for the second assessment period
                                                           approved by the Board


                    3.    From January 1, 2026 to        Performance goals achievement at our Company                       20%
                            December 31, 2026              level and individual performance assessment
                                                           results for the third assessment period approved
                                                           by the Board




34   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                     Report of the Board of Directors




(f)   Rights and restrictions attached to the restricted Shares
      The incentive recipients are subject to certain transfer and disposal restrictions, including (i) no disposal of
      the unlocked Incentive Awards or creation of third-party rights over the Incentive Awards by way of transfer,
      pledge, trust or any other means, (ii) a 30-day prior notice for transfer of unlocked Incentive Awards which shall
      be transferred to limited scope of persons, including Mr. Wu, Mr. Wang or other partners within designated
      entities, or other eligible employees of the Group Companies.


      The Shares held by the Employee Shareholding Platforms are subject to certain and disposal restrictions,
      including (i) no disposal of the Shares or creation of third-party rights over the Shares by way of transfer,
      pledge, trust or any other means before and within 12 months after the Listing, (ii) the corresponding Shares
      of the unlocked Incentive Awards shall be reduced with a 14-business day application to the Employee
      Shareholding Platforms, and (iii) the number of Incentive Awards that the incentive recipients reduce each time
      may not exceed 50% of the total number he or she then holds.


(g)   Repurchase of the Incentive Awards
      Mr. Wu, Mr. Wang or other employees of Group Companies designated by Mr. Wu and/or Mr. Wang, has the
      right to repurchase all Incentive Awards held by incentive recipients, if (i) the Incentive Awards failed to be
      unlocked during the assessment periods; (ii) due to faults of the incentive recipients, such as violation of the
      applicable regulations and laws, violation of contracts, negligence, or other actions causing negative impact on
      the Company; (iii) the employment relationship between the incentive recipients and the Company terminates
      due to non-fault actions of the incentive recipients, such as death, loss of civil or labour capability, non-fault
      dismissal, etc.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      35
     Report of the Board of Directors




     4.     Details of the Incentive Awards granted
            During FY2024, no Incentive Awards have been granted to any incentive recipients under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive
            Plans. Below is the list of the incentive recipients under the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plans that are granted with Incentive
            Awards as of the date of this annual report:


                                                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                                                         Shareholding
                                                                                                                Approximate                Percentage
                                                                                                                      Number           Corresponding
                                                                                                                    of Shares         to the Incentive
                                                                                                               Corresponding          Awards Held by
                                                                                                              to the Incentive       the Participant in
                                                                          Relevant Employee                  Awards Held by          the Total Number
              Name                   Position                             Shareholding Platforms              the Recipients   (1)
                                                                                                                                     of Shares in Issue


              Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
              Mr. Wu                 Chairman of the Board and            Hydrogen Win New Energy                     240,000                   0.23%
                                         executive Director               Hydrogen Ying New Energy                    235,000                   0.22%


              He Guangliang (何光亮) Chairman of the Supervisory             Hydrogen Ying New Energy                    249,999                   0.24%
                                         Committee                        Qingjie New Energy                          234,825                   0.22%


              Zhao Jing (趙靜)         Supervisor                           Hydrogen Ying New Energy                    100,000                   0.10%


              Cai Xubin (蔡徐斌)        Chief financial officer              Hydrogen Ying New Energy                     25,000                   0.02%


              Shi Jian (施劍)          Secretary of the Board and           Hydrogen Ying New Energy                     10,000                   0.01%
                                         executive Director               Qingjie New Energy                           25,000                   0.02%


              Kuang Kaifeng (況開鋒) Supervisor                              Hydrogen Ying New Energy                     10,000                   0.01%
                                                                          Qingjie New Energy                           18,650                   0.02%


              Subtotal               –                                    –                                         1,148,474                   1.09%


              Other Recipients
              86 Recipients          Employees                            Qingjie New Energy, Hydrogen              3,086,408                   2.95%
                                                                              Ying New Energy and
                                                                              Hydrogen Win New Energy


              One Recipient          External consultant                  Qingjie New Energy                           50,000                   0.05%

            Note:

            (1)      For illustrating the indirect interests of incentive recipients in the Company, the number of Shares are presented and calculated by
                     multiplying their respective percentage of limited partnership interests in each by the total number of Shares held by the Employee
                     Shareholding Platforms.


36   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                              Report of the Board of Directors




ARRANGEMENT TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the year ended December 31, 2024 was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements
to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any
other body corporate, and none of the Directors or any of their spouse or children under the age of 18 has been granted any
right to subscribe for shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any such right.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
The Company has not entered into any connected transaction or continuing connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules from the Listing Date to December 31, 2024.


Details of material related party transactions entered into by the Company during the year ended to December 31, 2024 are
set out in note 38 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The related party transactions set out in the above note do not fall
within the definition of connected transaction or continuing connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company had no controlling Shareholder.


MATERIAL LITIGATION
The Group was not involved in any material legal proceeding during the year ended December 31, 2024.


PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has
maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules since its Listing on November 15, 2024 and up to the date of this
annual report.


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21
and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.


AUDITOR
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been audited by Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants,
who will be nominated for re-appointment as the auditor of the Company at the upcoming AGM. The Company engaged
Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in November 2024 and authorized the Board or the Audit Committee to fix its remuneration
and there has been no change in auditor since the Listing Date.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save as disclosed in note 48 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we are not aware of any material subsequent events
from the end of FY2024 to the date of this annual report.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024      37
     Report of the Board of Directors




     AGM AND CLOSURE OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS
     The AGM will be held on Tuesday, May 20, 2025. A notice convening the AGM will be published and despatched to the
     Shareholders in due course in the manner prescribed by the Listing Rules. To determine the eligibility of the Shareholders to
     attend and vote at the AGM, the register of members of H Shares will be closed from Thursday, May 15, 2025 to Tuesday, May
     20, 2025, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of H Shares will be effected. In order to be eligible to attend and
     vote at the AGM, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with
     the Company’s Hong Kong H share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th
     Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday,
     May 14, 2025.




     On behalf of the Board
     Mr. Wu Pinfang
     Chairman and Executive Director


     Jiangsu, the PRC
     March 27, 2025




38   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                           Report of the Supervisory Committee

In 2024, the Supervisory Committee comprehensively fulfilled its supervision duties over members of the Board and senior
management of the Company as authorized at the general meetings in accordance with the PRC Company Law and other laws
and regulations as well as the Articles of Association.


MEETINGS AND RESOLUTIONS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE DURING THE
YEAR
In 2024, three meetings were held by the Supervisory Committee. The notice, convening and voting procedures for the
meetings were in compliance with the requirements of the PRC Company Law and other laws and regulations as well as the
Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedure for the Supervisory Committee.


 No.   Date            Session                  Attendance Matters discussed and resolutions adopted


 1.    February 16,    the third meeting of     3            Proposals such as the share issuance plan to Zhangjiagang Jiyang
         2024            the second session                    Hydrogen Energy Venture Capital Partnership, the signing of a
                         of the Supervisory                    share subscription agreement with Jiyang Hydrogen Energy, and
                         Committee                             amendments to the Articles of Association were considered and duly
                                                               approved.
 2.    February 28,    the fourth meeting of    3            Proposals such as the Company’s application and plan for the overseas
         2024            the second session                    public offering and listing of H Shares on the Main Board of the
                         of the Supervisory                    Stock Exchange, the application for full circulation of Shares, and the
                         Committee                             conversion into an overseas fund-raising joint stock company, use of
                                                               proceeds from the Listing and the draft Articles of Association were
                                                               considered and duly approved.
 3.    June 14,        the fifth meeting of     3            Proposals such as the Supervisory Committee’s work report, profit
         2024            the second session                    distribution, related-party transactions, the final financial report,
                         of the Supervisory                    the financial budget report, and remuneration and review plans for
                         Committee                             Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company were
                                                               considered and duly approved.


The work of the Supervisory Committee mainly included:


1.     attending Shareholders’ general meetings to understand the operation of the Shareholders’ meetings;


2.     attending the meetings of the Board of Directors to understand the operation of the Board of Directors; and


3.     reviewing the Company’s financial reports and work plan for the next year.


OPINIONS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON RELEVANT MATTERS OF THE
COMPANY
Legality of Company’s operation
In the opinion of the Supervisory Committee, the Company operated in compliance with relevant laws and regulations,
including the PRC Company Law, and the Articles of Association. The procedures for making decisions on operation were
in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and up to standard, thus making satisfactory results. The Directors and
senior management of the Company were able to perform their duties in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and
the Articles of Association and exercise their powers in a proper and diligent manner without any act in violation of laws,
regulations or the Articles of Association or contrary to the interest of the Company or the Shareholders.


                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024     39
     Report of the Supervisory Committee




     Implementation of resolutions
     The Supervisory Committee had no objection to the contents of resolutions submitted to the general meetings. The
     Supervisory Committee considered that the resolutions of the Shareholders’ general meetings and the Board meetings were
     implemented effectively.


     Company’s financial position
     The Company strictly observed the accounting principles. During FY2024, the Company’s financial structure was reasonable
     and complete, and the annual financial report was able to give a true and accurate reflection of the Company’s financial
     position and operating results. The information stated in the reports did not contain any material false record, misleading
     statement or material omission. The Company’s 2024 annual financial report was audited by Messrs. Deloitte Touche
     Tohmatsu and a standard unqualified opinion was issued.


     Review of Supervisory Committee on internal control evaluation report
     The Supervisory Committee has conducted a review on the Company and considered that the Company has established
     an appropriate internal control system in all material aspects and the internal control management system has operated
     effectively, thus ensuring its consistent implementation and normal production and operation.


     Work plan of the Supervisory Committee for 2025
     In 2025, the Supervisory Committee will continue to fulfill and comply with its supervision duties conferred by the PRC
     Company law and other relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association over members of the Board and senior
     management of the Company and strengthen its supervision function to improve the corporate governance structure of the
     Company. The Supervisory Committee will hold regular meetings of the Supervisory Committee in accordance with relevant
     regulations and will convene ad hoc meetings in a timely manner in the event of special circumstances, in order to fulfill the
     duties of the Supervisory Committee. The Supervisory Committee will pay more attention to the legality of the decision-making
     procedures and material decisions made by the Company, and is determined to implement the pre-set strategies and policies
     of the Company, including attending the Shareholders’ general meeting and the Board meetings, keeping informed of the
     operation of the shareholders’ general meeting and the Company’s business decisions, and ensuring the compliant operation
     of the Company. Furthermore, by increasing supervision and strengthening the supervision and inspection of the Company’s
     financial position, the Supervisory Committee aims to prevent operational and financial risks, so as to further reinforce the
     internal control system and safeguard the interests of the Company and its Shareholders.




     He Guangliang
     Chairman of the Supervisory Committee


     March 27, 2025




40   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                               Corporate Governance Report

The Board is pleased to report to the Shareholders the corporate governance of the Company for the year ended December
31, 2024.


Corporate Governance Culture and Value
The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with high ethical standards. This reflects its
belief that, in the achievement of its long-term objectives, it is imperative to act with probity, transparency and accountability.
By so acting, the Company believes that Shareholders’ wealth will be maximised in the long term and that its employees, those
with whom it does business and the communities in which it operates will all benefit. Corporate governance is the process by
which the Board instructs management of the Group to conduct its affairs with a view to ensuring that its objectives are met.
The Board is committed to maintaining and developing robust corporate governance practices that are intended to ensure:


–      satisfactory and sustainable returns to the Shareholders;


–      that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;


–      that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately;


–      the delivery of high-quality products and services to the satisfaction of customers; and


–      that high standards of ethics are maintained.


Corporate Governance Practices
The Company is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards. The Company believes that high corporate
governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Company to safeguard the interests of the Shareholders,
enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and improve its transparency and accountability.


The Company has adopted the CG Code as its own code of corporate governance. The Company has complied with all
applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code from the Listing Date to December 31, 2024.


The Company is committed to enhancing its corporate governance practices used to regulate conduct and promote growth of
its business and to reviewing such practices from time to time to ensure that it complies with the CG Code and aligns with the
latest developments of the Company.


Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct for the trading of securities by the Directors and
Supervisors. Since H Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on November 15, 2024, the Model Code
was not applicable to the Company before the Listing Date. Having made specific reasonable inquiries with all Directors and
Supervisors, the Company confirmed that all Directors and Supervisors have complied with the provisions of the Model Code
throughout the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2024.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024      41
     Corporate Governance Report




     Board of Directors
     The Company is headed by an effective Board which assumes responsibility for its leadership and control and be collectively
     responsible for promoting the Company’s success by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. Directors take decisions
     objectively in the best interests of the Company.


     The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s
     business and regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company
     and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them that are commensurate with their role and the Board
     responsibilities. The Board includes a balanced composition of executive Directors and non-executive Directors (including
     independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which can effectively
     exercise independent judgement.


     Board Composition
     The Board currently comprises the following Directors:


     Executive Directors
     Mr. WU Pinfang (Chairman)
     Mr. WANG Kai (General Manager)
     Mr. SHI Jian


     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. GU Yanjun
     Mr. ZHOU Lin
     Ms. LIU Yilin


     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Ms. TONG Sze Wan
     Mr. ZHANG Yongjun
     Dr. ZOU Jiasheng


     Each of our Directors has confirmed that he/she obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules as
     regards the requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to him/her as a director of a listed issuer and the possible
     consequences of making a false declaration or giving false information to the Stock Exchange on March 12, 2024, and he/she
     has confirmed he/she understood his/her obligations as a director of a listed issuer.


     The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
     Management” in this annual report. Save as disclosed above, there were no relationships (including financial, business, family
     or other material or relevant relationships) among members of the Board.




42   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




Board Meetings and Directors’ Attendance Records
Regular Board meetings should be held at least fourth a year involving active participation, either in person or through
electronic means of communication, of a majority of Directors. Notices of not less than fourteen days are given for all regular
Board meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for regular Board
meetings.


For other Board meetings, written notice shall be given 48 hours before the meetings. With the consent of all Directors, the
notice period may be waived. For other committee meetings, a notice shall be given three days prior to the meeting. Minutes
of meetings are kept by the company secretary of the Company with copies circulated to all Directors for information and
records.


During FY2024, the Board held 10 meetings and the attendance of the individual Directors at Board meetings and the general
meetings of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2024 is set out below:


                                                                            Number of attendance/meetings held
                                                                          during the term of office of the Director
 Name of Directors                                                            Board Meetings             General Meetings


 Executive Directors
 Mr. WU Pinfang (Chairman)                                                               10/10                            4/4
 Mr. WANG Kai (General Manager)                                                          10/10                            4/4
 Mr. SHI Jian                                                                            10/10                            4/4


 Non-executive Directors
 Mr. GU Yanjun                                                                           10/10                            4/4
 Mr. ZHOU Lin                                                                            10/10                            4/4
 Ms. LIU Yilin                                                                           10/10                            3/4


 Independent Non-Executive Directors
 Ms. TONG Sze Wan                                                                          8/10                           2/4
 Mr. ZHANG Yongjun                                                                       10/10                            4/4
 Dr. ZOU Jiasheng                                                                        10/10                            4/4


During FY2024, the chairman of the Board also held a meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the
presence of other Directors.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024     43
     Corporate Governance Report




     Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
     The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company and is collectively responsible for directing
     and supervising the Company’s affairs.


     The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying down
     strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance, and ensures that
     sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.


     All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of
     valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. The
     independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the Company and
     providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgement on corporate actions and operations.


     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent
     professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.


     The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.


     The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal control and
     risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information,
     appointment of Directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities relating to implementing
     decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the Company are delegated to the
     management.


     Chairman of the Board and General Manager
     Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should
     not be performed by the same individual, to reinforce their respective independence and accountability. Since the Listing
     Date and up to the date of this annual report, Mr. Wu Pinfang, our executive Director, has been the chairman of the Board
     and responsible for presiding over our overall strategic planning and production and operation management of the Board,
     while Mr. Wang Kai, our executive Director, has been the general manager of the Company and responsible for managing the
     daily business operations of the Group. Therefore, the division of responsibilities between the chairman of the Board and the
     general manager has been clearly established.


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     From the Listing Date and up to the date of this annual report, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules
     relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing no less than one-third of the
     Board with one of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management
     expertise.


     The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of
     his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company
     is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.



44   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




Board Independence Evaluation
The Company recognizes that the independence of the Board is key to sound corporate governance. The Company has
established effective mechanisms to support the independence of the Board and its independent advice. The Board would
review the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanisms on an annual basis.


The nomination, election and appointment of Directors to the Board are carried out in strict compliance with relevant
regulations and policies and the Company’s rules and regulations, following the principles of impartiality, fairness and
openness to ensure the diversity of the Board members without conflict of interest.


Currently, the independent non-executive Directors of the Board account for one-third of the total number of Board members,
and the Audit Committee consists of two independent non-executive Directors and one non-executive Director, all of whom
are in compliance with the independence requirements under the Listing Rules.


The independent non-executive Directors have extensive industry experience and professional knowledge and have the ability
to devote sufficient time to fulfill the duties of the Board to provide strong support and supervision for the development of
the Company, and are able to maintain objectivity and independence in decision making to safeguard the interests of the
Company and its shareholders. The Company will assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors on an
annual basis.


The Company has established effective channels for communication of views, and the Directors can express their views
openly, as well as confidentially if necessary. All Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) may obtain external
independent professional advice as deemed necessary at the Company’s expense. All Directors will recuse themselves from
voting on resolutions in which they have a direct or indirect interest.


Pursuant to the Board independence evaluation mechanism, the Board will conduct an annual review of its independence.
From the Listing Date and up to the date of this annual report, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of
the mechanism and found the results satisfactory.


Appointment and Re-election of Directors
Paragraph B.2 of the CG Code provides that all Directors should be re-elected at certain intervals; code provision B.2.2 of the
CG Code provides that every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation
at least once every three years. The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out
in the Articles of Association.


According to Article 91 of the Articles of Association, Directors are subject to election or replacement at a general meeting,
and may be removed from his/her position by the general meeting before expiry of their terms of office (without prejudice to
any claim for damages by such director under any contract). Directors serve for a term of three years are eligible for re-election
at the expiry of their term of office.


The term of office of a Director shall start from the date on which the said Director assumes office to the expiry of the current
term of the Board. If the term of office of a Director expires but re-election is not made responsively, the said Director shall
continue fulfilling the duties as Director pursuant to laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules, the listing rules of
the place where the Shares are listed and the Articles of Association until a new Director is elected.


                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024      45
     Corporate Governance Report




     Continuous Professional Development of Directors
     Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform their responsibilities and
     to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.


     Every newly appointed Director has received a formal and comprehensive induction on the first occasion of his/her
     appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full awareness of
     Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.


     Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
     and skills. During the year ended December 31, 2024 and prior to the Listing, all Directors have participated in continuous
     professional development by attending training course or external seminars to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills
     in relation to their contribution to the Board. Furthermore, reading materials covering Directors’ duties and responsibilities
     have been provided to the Directors for their reference.


     The training records of the Directors during the FY2024 are summarized as follows:


                                                                                          Attending                     Reading
      Name of Directors                                                            training session         regulatory materials


      Executive Directors
      Mr. WU Pinfang                                                                               ✓                           ✓
      Mr. WANG Kai                                                                                 ✓                           ✓
      Mr. SHI Jian                                                                                 ✓                           ✓


      Non-executive Directors
      Mr. GU Yanjun                                                                                ✓                           ✓
      Mr. ZHOU Lin                                                                                 ✓                           ✓
      Ms. LIU Yilin                                                                                ✓                           ✓


      Independent Non-Executive Directors
      Ms. TONG Sze Wan                                                                             ✓                           ✓
      Mr. ZHANG Yongjun                                                                            ✓                           ✓
      Dr. ZOU Jiasheng                                                                             ✓                           ✓




46   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




Board Committees
The Board has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Review Committee, the
Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee, for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board
committees of the Company are established with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority
and duties. The terms of reference of the Board committees are posted on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s
website and are available to Shareholders upon request.


Audit Committee
The Audit Committee consists of three, namely Ms. Tong Sze Wan, Mr. Gu Yanjun and Dr. Zou Jiasheng. Ms. Tong Sze Wan is
the chairlady of the Audit Committee.


The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and code provision
D.3.3 of the CG Code. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are mainly to make recommendation to our Board on the
appointment and removal of external auditor, and to assist our Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in relation to our
Group’s financial reporting, internal control structure, risk management processes and external audit functions, and corporate
governance responsibilities.


The Audit Committee held three meetings during the year ended December 31, 2024 to review the appointment of the
chairlady of the Audit Committee and the Company’s appointment of external auditor for the year ended December 31, 2024.
The individual record of each member of the Audit Committee at the meetings of the Audit Committee is set out below:


                                                                                                                    Attendance/
                                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                                     Committee
 Name of Director                                                                                                     Meeting(s)


 Ms. Tong Sze Wan                                                                                                              3/3
 Mr. Gu Yanjun                                                                                                                 3/3
 Dr. Zou Jiasheng                                                                                                              3/3


Remuneration and Review Committee
The Remuneration and Review Committee consists of three members, namely Dr. Zou Jiasheng, Mr. Wu Pinfang and Ms. Tong
Sze Wan. Dr. Zou Jiasheng is the chairman of the Remuneration and Review Committee.


The terms of reference of the Remuneration and Review Committee are in compliance with Rule 3.26 of the Listing Rules
and code provision E.1.2 of the CG Code. The primary duties of the Remuneration and Review Committee are to evaluate
and make recommendation to our Board on the overall remuneration policy and structure relating to all Directors and senior
management of our Group, review performance-based remuneration and ensure none of our Directors determine their own
remuneration.




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024      47
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Remuneration and Review Committee held two meetings during the year ended December 31, 2024 to review the
     remuneration policy and annual performance-based remuneration for Directors, Supervisors and senior management of
     the Company. The individual record of each member of the Remuneration and Review Committee at the meetings of the
     Remuneration and Review Committee is set out below:


                                                                                                                   Attendance/
                                                                                                                    Number of
                                                                                                                    Committee
      Name of Director                                                                                              Meeting(s)


      Dr. Zou Jiasheng                                                                                                       2/2
      Mr. Wu Pinfang                                                                                                         2/2
      Ms. Tong Sze Wan                                                                                                       2/2


     The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including Directors and senior
     management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the Company’s affairs. The remuneration
     packages of Directors and Supervisors are also determined with reference to the Company’s performance and profitability,
     the prevailing market conditions and the performance or contribution of each Director and Supervisor. The remuneration for
     Directors and Supervisors comprises basic salary, allowances, discretionary bonuses, retirement scheme contributions and
     share-based payments.


     Details of the emoluments of the Directors, Supervisors and five highest paid individuals of the Group are set out in note 12
     to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The remuneration payable to members of senior management (other than Directors)
     by band for the year ended December 31, 2024 is set out below:


      Remuneration level (RMB)                                                                             Number of persons


      2,000,001 to 2,500,000                                                                                                   1
      2,500,001 to 3,000,000                                                                                                   1
      6,000,001 to 6,500,000                                                                                                   1
      12,000,001 to 12,500,000                                                                                                 1


     Nomination Committee
     The Nomination Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Zhang Yongjun, Mr. Shi Jian and Ms. Tong Sze Wan.
     Mr. Zhang Yongjun is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.


     The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee in compliance with code provision B.3.1 of the CG Code, and the
     Company is in full compliance with the board diversity requirements under Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules.




48   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the Board composition, developing and formulating
relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors, making recommendations to the Board on the
appointment and succession planning of Directors, reviewing the Board Diversity Policy and assessing the independence of
independent non-executive Directors.


In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various aspects as well as factors
concerning Board diversity as set out in the Company’s Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee would discuss and
agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend them to the Board for
adoption.


In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee would consider the candidate’s
relevant criteria that are necessary to complement the corporate strategy and achieve Board diversity, where appropriate,
before making recommendation to the Board.


Subsequent to November 15, 2024 and up to the date of this annual report, the Nomination Committee has assessed the
independence of the independent non-executive Directors, considered the re-election of Directors and reviewed the structure,
size and composition of the Board, and has conducted an annual review of the Board Diversity Policy and concluded the
current Board composition is sufficiently diverse.


The Nomination Committee held three meetings during the year ended December 31, 2024 to review the composition of the
Board and senior management and to recommend candidates to the Board for the appointment of independent non-executive
Director and members of senior management. The individual record of each member of the Nomination Committee at the
meetings of the Nomination Committee is set out below:


                                                                                                             Attendance/
                                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                                              Committee
 Name of Director                                                                                             Meeting(s)


 Mr. Zhang Yongjun                                                                                                     3/3
 Mr. Shi Jian                                                                                                          3/3
 Dr. Zou Jiasheng (ceased on March 27, 2025)                                                                           3/3
 Ms. Tong Sze Wan (appointed on March 27, 2025)                                                                       N/A


Strategy Committee
The Strategy Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Wu Pinfang, Ms. Tong Sze Wan and Mr. Zhang Yongjun. Mr.
Wu Pinfang is the chairman of the Strategy Committee.


The primary functions of the Strategy Committee are to devise and advise on the long-term strategy and material investment
decisions of the Company.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024     49
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Strategy Committee held one meeting during the year ended December 31, 2024 to review the annual work report of the
     Strategy Committee for the year ended December 31, 2024. The individual record of each member of the Strategy Committee
     at the meeting of the Strategy Committee is set out below:


                                                                                                                     Attendance/
                                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                                                       Committee
      Name of Director                                                                                                 Meeting(s)


      Mr. Wu Pinfang                                                                                                            1/1
      Ms. Tong Sze Wan                                                                                                          1/1
      Mr. Zhang Yongjun                                                                                                         1/1


     Corporate Governance Function
     The Board is responsible for determining the corporate governance policy of the Company performing the functions set out in
     code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code. Such duties have been delegated to the Audit Committee.


     The Board reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous professional
     development of the Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
     regulatory requirements, the Company’s compliance with the CG Code, the Company’s code of conduct applicable to its
     employees, Directors and Supervisors, and disclosure in its Corporate Governance Report during FY2024.


     The Directors are encouraged to participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
     and skills. The joint company secretaries of the Company may from time to time and as the circumstances required, provide
     updated written training materials relating to the roles, functions and duties of a director of a company listed on the Stock
     Exchange.


     Board Diversity Policy
     The Company has adopted the Board Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain an appropriate
     balance of diversity perspectives of the Board that are relevant to its business growth. The Company recognises and embraces
     the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees enhanced diversity at the Board level as an essential element in maintaining the
     Company’s competitive advantages.


     Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee reviews regularly the structure, size and composition of
     the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate
     strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse profile. In relation to reviewing and assessing the Board
     composition, the Nomination Committee is committed to diversity at all levels and will consider a number of aspects, including
     but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional qualifications, skills, length of service,
     knowledge and regional and industry experience.


     The Company strives to maintain an appropriate balance of diverse perspectives that are relevant to the Company’s business
     growth and is also committed to ensuring that recruitment and selection practices at all levels (from the Board downwards) are
     appropriately structured, so that a diverse range of candidates are considered.


50   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board Diversity Policy, setting and reviewing measurable objectives
to implement the policy and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives.


The current Board composition is analysed as follows based on the measurable objectives:


Gender
•      Male: 7 Directors
•      Female: 2 Directors


Age group
•      31–40: 2 Directors
•      41–50: 3 Directors
•      51–60: 3 Directors
•      61-70: 1 Director


Position
•      Executive Directors: 3 Directors
•      Non-executive Directors: 3 Directors
•      Independent non-executive Directors: 3 Directors


Educational background
•      Business administration: 4 Directors
•      Accounting and finance: 2 Directors
•      Other: 4 Directors


Nationality
•      PRC: 8 Directors
•      HK: 1 Director


Business experience
•      Accounting and finance: 1 Director
•      Experience relevant to the Company’s business: 3 Directors


The Nomination Committee and the Board consider that the current Board composition has reached the objectives set out in
the Board Diversity Policy.


The Nomination Committee will review at least on a yearly basis the Board Diversity Policy and measurable objectives to ensure
the sustained function and effectiveness of the Board.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024     51
     Corporate Governance Report




     Director Nomination Policy
     The Board has delegated its responsibilities and authority for selection and appointment of the Directors to the Nomination
     Committee.


     The Company has adopted a director nomination policy which sets out the selection criteria and nomination process and the
     Board succession planning considerations in relation to nomination and appointment of Directors and aims to ensure that the
     Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company and the continuity of the
     Board and appropriate leadership at Board level.


     The director nomination policy sets out the factors for assessing the suitability and the potential contribution to the Board of
     a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:


     a.     Character and integrity;


     b.     Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience;


     c.     Diversity in all aspects as set out in the Board Diversity Policy;


     d.     Requirements of independent non-executive Directors on the Board and independence of the proposed independent
            non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules; and


     e.     Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/or
            Board committee(s) of the Company.


     The director nomination policy also sets out the procedures for the selection and appointment of new Directors and re-election
     of the Directors at general meetings.


     The nomination process set out in the director nomination policy is as follows:


     (i)    to assess such candidate’s qualifications, skills, knowledge, ability and experience and also potential time commitment
            and attention to perform the Director’s duties;


     (ii)   to assess such candidate’s personal ethics, integrity and reputation (including without limitation to conduct appropriate
            background checks and other verification processes against such candidate);




52   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




(iii)   with reference to the Company’s Board Diversity Policy (as adopted and amended by the Board from time to time),
        to take into account the then current structure, size and composition of the Board and the Company’s corporate
        strategy, with due regard for the benefits of the appropriate diversity of the Board and also such candidate’s potential
        contributions thereto;


(iv)    in case of a candidate for an independent non-executive Director, to assess: (i) the independence of such candidate
        with reference to, among other things, the independence criteria as set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules; and (ii)
        the guidance and requirements relating to independent non-executive Directors set out in CG Code and Corporate
        Governance Guide for Boards and Directors; and


(v)     to consider any other factors and matters as the Nomination Committee may consider appropriate.


The Nomination Committee will review the director nomination policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.


Gender Diversity
With respect to gender diversity, Ms. Tong Sze Wan, an independent non-executive Director and the chairlady of the Audit
Committee, Ms. Liu Yilin, a non-executive Director, and Ms. Zhao Jing, a Supervisor, having extensive experience in their
respective field, contribute to gender diversity of the Board and the Supervisory Committee.


The Company values gender diversity at all levels of the Group. Currently, the Board consists of two female Directors and seven
male Directors, and the Group’s general manager is male. Among the 543 employees of our Group as of December 31, 2024,
453 are males (83.4%) and 90 are females (16.6%).


The Board believes that the Company has achieved gender diversity among its employees and considers such gender diversity
is satisfactory at the current stage. In order to continue to achieve gender diversity among our employees, we are committed
to creating favourable conditions in our working environment to continuously attract employees of different genders to the
Group, thereby maintaining our position as a gender-balanced company. The Company will continue to take steps to promote
gender diversity at the Board and Supervisory Committee level, as well as all other levels of the Company from the Board
downwards to enhance the effectiveness of our corporate governance as a whole. In this process, we may face challenges in
matching the availability of gender-specific personnel in the human resources market with the education, experience and skills
required for positions of the Group. Despite these challenges, we are committed to maintaining a gender-balanced workforce.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024     53
     Corporate Governance Report




     Risk Management and Internal Control
     The Company has established risk management and internal control systems consisting of organizational frameworks, policies,
     procedures and risk management methods.


     The Group has engaged an internal control consultant, to perform certain agreed-upon procedures in connection with the
     internal control of the Company and our major subsidiaries and to report factual findings on our Group’s entity-level controls
     and internal controls of various processes, including environment of control, risk assessment, information and communication,
     internal control, financial reporting and disclosure controls, sales, accounts receivable and collection, procurement, accounts
     payable and payment, inventory, logistics and cost management, management of fixed assets and intangible assets, human
     resources and payroll management, cash and treasury management, taxation management, project management, general
     controls of IT system (including protection of data and privacy), R&D management, insurance management, production
     management, health, safety and environment protection and contract management. The internal control consultant
     performed procedures in December 2023 and follow-up procedures in February 2024 on the Company’s system of internal
     control. Upon its review, the internal control consultant did not identify any further deficiencies in the design aspect of the
     Company’s internal control system.


     The Company has been committed to promoting a compliance culture and will adopt policies and procedures on various
     compliance matters, including the Stock Exchange’s requirements on corporate governance and environmental, social and
     governance matters.


     The Company has adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of our operations, such as protection
     of intellectual property, environmental protection and occupational health and safety. We provide periodic training on
     these measures and procedures to our employees as part of our employee training program. We also regularly monitor the
     implementation of those measures and procedures through our internal control personnel for each stage of the production
     process. Our Directors (who are responsible for overseeing our corporate governance) with assistance from our legal advisors,
     will periodically review our compliance status with all relevant laws and regulations.


     For any material internal control deficiencies, management will identify internal control deficiencies, review control activities
     and procedures and, if necessary, revise the necessary internal policies and procedures. This will be reported to the Board of
     Directors and the Audit Committee at least annually.




54   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




The Company has adopted or will continue to adopt, among others, the following risk management and internal control
measures with the following main features:


•      The Company has established the Audit Committee which shall (i) make recommendations to our Directors on the
       appointment and removal of external auditors; (ii) review our financial statements and oversee our financial reporting
       and internal audit; and (iii) oversee our risk management and internal control procedures.


•      The Company has adopted various policies to ensure that the Company complies with the Listing Rules, including but
       not limited to disclosure of information, connected transactions and securities trading.


•      The Company has developed and adopted various internal control procedures and guidelines with defined authority
       for implementation by key business processes and office functions, including but not limited to R&D, procurement
       management, financial reporting, human resources and information technology.


•      The Company has arranged Directors and senior management to attend training sessions on Listing Rules requirements
       and the responsibilities as directors of a Hong Kong-listed company.


•      The Company has Whistleblowing Policy in place for employees of the Company and those who deal with the Company
       to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the Audit Committee about possible improprieties in any matters
       related to the Company.


•      The Company has developed its disclosure policy which provides a general guide to the Directors, senior management,
       and relevant employees in handling confidential information, monitoring information disclosure and responding
       to enquiries. Control procedures have been implemented to ensure that unauthorized access and use of inside
       information are strictly prohibited.


•      The Company has engaged legal advisors to periodically review the Company’s compliance status with all relevant laws
       and regulations.


•      Prior to the Listing Date, the Company had appointed an internal control consultant to review the effectiveness
       of internal control measures relating to major business processes, identify deficiencies for improvement, advise
       on the rectification measures and review the implementation of such measures. The Company has adopted the
       recommendations made by the internal control consultant and has taken corresponding measures to improve such
       internal control deficiencies.


The Board of Directors, with the support of the Audit Committee as well as the management, conducted an annual review
of the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems during FY2024 and considered the systems to be
effective and adequate.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024     55
     Corporate Governance Report




     Directors’ Responsibilities for the Financial Statements
     The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements with the support from the accounting
     and finance team.


     The Directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with the IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the
     International Accounting Standards Board. Appropriate accounting policies have also been used and applied consistently
     except the adoption of revised standards, amendments to standards and interpretation.


     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon
     the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company’s financial statements have been prepared on a going
     concern basis, and the Directors believe that the financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial condition, results
     and cash flows of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024, and that the disclosure and reporting of other financial
     information have complied with relevant laws.


     The Group manages its capital structure to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
     maximizing the return to the Shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance.


     There are no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that cast significant doubt upon the Company’s liability to
     continue as a going concern.


     Auditor’s Responsibility and Remuneration
     The Company appointed Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the external auditor for the year ended December 31, 2024. A
     statement by Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu about their reporting responsibilities for the financial statements is included
     in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” of this annual report.


     The remuneration paid and payable to the external auditor of the Company in respect of audit services and non-audit services
     for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set forth below.


                                                                                                                       Remuneration
      Type of services                                                                                                  paid/payable
                                                                                                                             RMB’000


      Audit Services
      – reporting accountant’s work for the Listing                                                                              2,505
      – annual audit services                                                                                                    2,300
      Non-audit services (Note)                                                                                                    163


      Total                                                                                                                      4,968


     Note:    Non-audit services include internal control consulting services and ESG reporting advisory.




56   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




Joint Company Secretaries
Mr. Shi Jian and Ms. Wong Hoi Ting have been appointed as the joint company secretaries of the Company with effect from
February 28, 2024. Mr. Shi is also executive Director and secretary of the Board. For biographical details of Mr. Shi, please see
the section headed “Biographies of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management – Executive Directors”.


Ms. Wong Hoi Ting (黃凱婷) has over 10 years of experience in corporate secretarial field and is currently responsible
for providing corporate secretarial and compliance services to listed companies. Ms. Wong is currently a manager of the
Listing Services Department of TMF Hong Kong Limited (a global corporate services provider). Ms. Wong graduated with a
bachelor’s degree in social sciences from Lingnan University in Hong Kong in October 2009 and a master’s degree of science
in professional accounting and corporate governance from City University of Hong Kong in Hong Kong in July 2014. Ms.
Wong has been accredited as an associate of The Chartered Governance Institute and The Hong Kong Chartered Governance
Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries) since December 2016. Ms. Wong’s major
contact person in the Company is Mr. Shi.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, Mr. Shi and Ms. Wong have received no less than 15 hours of relevant professional
training annually pursuant to the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules. All Directors may have access to the advice
and services of the joint company secretaries of the Company on corporate governance and routine Board matters.


Shareholders’ Rights
Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting
In accordance with Article 50 of the Articles of Association, Shareholder(s) who individually or collectively hold 10% or more of
the Shares shall have the right to request the Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting and shall submit the request
in writing to the Board. The Board shall provide feedback in writing on its consent or refusal to convene an extraordinary
general meeting within 10 days upon receiving the request pursuant to laws, administrative regulations, the listing rules of the
place where shares of the Company are listed and the Articles of Association.


If the Board agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting, it shall serve a notice of such meeting within 5 days
after the Board resolved to do so. In the event of any change to the original proposal set forth in the notice, the consent of
Shareholder(s) who put forward the proposal shall be obtained. If the Board does not agree to hold the extraordinary general
meeting, or fails to give a reply within 10 days after receipt of the request, Shareholder(s) who individually or collectively hold
10% or more Shares shall be entitled to request the Supervisory Committee to convene an extraordinary general meeting
in writing. If the Supervisory Committee agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting, it shall serve a notice of such
meeting within 5 days after receipt of the said request. In the event of any change to the original proposal set forth in the
notice, the consent of Shareholder(s) who put forward the proposal shall be obtained. If the Supervisory Committee fails
to issue a notice of the general meeting within a specified period, it shall be deemed that the Supervisory Committee shall
not convene and preside over the general meeting, the shareholder(s) individually or collectively holding 10% or more of
the Company’s shares for more than 90 consecutive days may convene and preside over the meeting by himself/herself/
themselves.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024      57
     Corporate Governance Report




     Putting Forward Proposal at General Meetings
     Pursuant to Article 53 of the Articles of Association, Shareholders separately or aggregately holding more than 3% of the
     Shares are entitled to submit proposals to the Company or submit ad hoc proposals to the convener in writing 10 days before
     the convening of such general meeting. The convener shall issue a supplementary notice of the general meeting to announce
     the content of such ad hoc proposals within 2 days after receiving the proposals.


     Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board
     Shareholders may send written enquires to the Company for any enquiries put forward by the Board. The Company will
     normally not deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.


     Contact Details
     Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:


     Address:      No. 236, Guotai North Road, Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC (For the attention of Mr. Shi Jian)


     Email:        bod@guofuhee.com


     For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice or
     statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact details and identification
     in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.


     Communication with Shareholders and Investor Relationship
     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and
     investor’s understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavors to maintain an on-
     going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other general meetings. At the
     annual general meeting, the Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) are available to meet Shareholders and answer their
     enquiries. The external auditor of the Company will also attend the annual general meetings to answer questions about the
     conduct of the audit, the preparation and contents of the auditor’s report, the accounting policies and auditor independence.


     To safeguard the interests and rights of the Shareholders, a separate resolution should be proposed for each substantial issue
     at general meetings, including the election of individual Director. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be
     voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and of the Stock
     Exchange after each general meeting.




58   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




The Company has established a range of channels for maintaining its ongoing dialogue with the Shareholders, the details of
which are set out below:


(a)    Shareholders’ Enquiries
       •      Shareholders may at any time make a request for the Company’s information to the extent such information is
              publicly available.


       •      Shareholders may have access to the contact persons, email addresses and enquiry lines designated by the
              Company in order to enable them to make any query in respect of the Company.


(b)    Corporate Communications
       •      “Corporate communications” refers to any documents issued or to be issued by the Company for information
              or action of Shareholders, which includes but are not limited to copies of the report of Directors and annual
              accounts and the auditor’s report, interim reports, meeting notices, circulars and proxy forms. Corporate
              communications will be provided to Shareholders in plain language and in both English and Chinese versions
              to facilitate Shareholders’ understanding. Shareholders are entitled to choose the language (either English or
              Chinese).


       •      Shareholders are encouraged to provide, among others, their email addresses to the Company to facilitate
              timely and effective communication.


(c)    Company Website
       •      The Company has set a special column headed “Investor Relations” on our website (www.guofuhee.com).
              Information on the Company’s website will be updated regularly.


       •      Information posted on the Stock Exchange by the Company will also be immediately published on the website
              of the Company. Such information includes, among others, financial statements, results announcements,
              circulars, notices of general meetings and relevant statements.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024     59
     Corporate Governance Report




            •      All presentation materials provided together with the annual general meeting and results announcement of the
                   Company for each year will be available on the website of the Company.


            •      All press releases and Shareholders’ communications will be available on the website of the Company.


     (d)    Shareholders’ Meetings
            •      Shareholders are encouraged to attend general meetings, or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at the
                   meetings on their behalf.


            •      Appropriate arrangements will be made to the annual general meetings to encourage Shareholders’
                   participation in such meetings.


            •      Procedures of the general meetings of the Company will be monitored and reviewed on a regular basis, and
                   amended if necessary to ensure Shareholders’ needs are satisfied to the maximum extent.


            •      Board members, in particular chairman of each committee under the Board/chairman or its proxy, appropriate
                   senior management and external auditor will attend annual general meetings to answer Shareholders’
                   questions.


            •      Shareholders are encouraged to participate in Shareholder activities organised by the Company to convey
                   information concerning the Company, including latest strategic planning, products and services.


     The Company keeps on promoting good investor relations and enhancing communication with the Shareholders and potential
     investors in order for them to better understand the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Board has considered
     the Shareholders’ communication policy of the Company as described above and is satisfied that there are effective channels
     by which the Shareholders can communicate and raise concern with the Company.




60   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




Amendments to the Constitutional Documents
The Articles of Association were adopted with effect from the Listing Date, and a special resolution was passed by the
Shareholders approving certain amendments to the Articles of Association at the extraordinary general meeting held on
February 28, 2025. The amended Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company (www.guofuhee.com)
and the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).


Dividend Policy
The Group currently does not have a pre-determined dividend policy. The Board may declare, and the Company may pay,
dividends after taking into account our results of operations, financial condition, cash flow, operating and capital expenditure
requirements, future business development strategies and estimates and other factors as it may deem relevant.


For further details of the relevant PRC laws and regulations, please refer to the section headed “Report of the Board of
Directors – Dividend Policy” on page 21.


Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy
The Company has formulated internal policies and implemented measures with regards to the prevention and control,
monitoring and response procedure as well as the establishment of risk prevention mechanism to ensure the compliance with
the applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering related laws and regulations.


At its Board meeting held on March 27, 2025, the Board has reviewed the Company’s risk management and internal control
measures which covered the anti-corruption and whistleblowing policies and considered that the current risk management and
internal control measures being adequate and effective.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024      61
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     ABOUT THIS REPORT
     This report is the 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance report (the “Report”) prepared by Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen
     Energy Equipment Co., Ltd. (“Guofu Hydrogen”, “we”, “us”, “our” or the “Company”), so as to provide a systemic review on
     the practices and developments of the Company in the areas of environment, social and governance (“ESG”).


     BASIS OF PREPARATION
     This report is prepared based on the requirements as set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the
     “Guide”) in Appendix C2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong
     Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


     REPORTING PRINCIPLES
     In preparing this report, the principles of “Materiality”, “Quantitative”, “Balance”, and “Consistency” are applied to define
     the content of the Report and how the information is presented:


     1.     Materiality
            The communication with stakeholders and materiality assessment are engaged in the preparing process of this report
            to determine key ESG topics, and matters that may have a material effect on the Group’s business and stakeholders are
            highlighted in this report.


     2.     Quantitative
            This report presents the key performance indicators of the environmental and social aspects with quantitative data. The
            measurement criteria, methods, assumptions and/or calculation tools, and the sources of conversion factors used for
            the key performance indicators in this report are described where applicable.


     3.     Balance
            The purpose of this report is to present both positive and negative ESG information and performance transparently and
            objectively.


     4.     Consistency
            This report is the first ESG report issued by the Company. Unless otherwise specified, the future ESG reports will adopt
            key indicators and statistical methods consistent with this report.




62   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




SCOPE OF THE REPORT
The policies and data disclosed in this report cover the Company and its principal subsidiaries, which include Zhangjiagang
Hydrogen Cloud New Energy Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (張家港氫雲新能源研究院有限公司) (“Hydrogen Cloud Research
Institute”) and Shanghai Qingmai Engineering Technology Co., Ltd.* (上海氫邁工程技術有限公司) (“Shanghai Qingmai”). The
Report covers the period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 (the “Reporting Period”). Some of the contents may
precede or post-date this period due to the continuity or the significant impact of the project.


DATA DESCRIPTION
The data disclosed in this report are derived from the official documents and statistical data of the Company. Unless otherwise
stated, all measurements are in metric system and all amounts are denominated in RMB.


REPORT ACQUISITION
This Report is published in electronic version only. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding the content of this
report, please contact us by phone or mails.


Address: No. 236, Guotai North Road, Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC
Telephone: 0512-58982355
Email: gfyx@guofuhee.com




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024     63
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     ABOUT US
     Company Description
     Guofu Hydrogen is a leading provider of integrated solutions of hydrogen energy equipment in China, which always focuses
     on the R&D and manufacturing of core equipment for the entire industry chain of “production, storage, transportation,
     refueling and use” of hydrogen energy. We are strategically located in the Yangtze River Delta, with convenient access to
     the ports thereof, which have abundant supply chain resources. Leveraging on our advantages in geographic location and
     benefitting from favorable policies in the global and China’s hydrogen energy industry and hydrogen energy core equipment
     industry, we strive to contribute to the rapid growth of China’s hydrogen energy industry. We continue to invest heavily
     in the R&D and innovation as well as industrial applications of hydrogen energy, promote the localization of the hydrogen
     energy industry and provide integrated solutions for R&D, production, sales and services of hydrogen energy core equipment.
     Our product portfolio primarily consists of various core equipment used in the entire industrial chain of hydrogen energy.
     Currently, we have achieved localized and large-scale commercialization of vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply
     systems and equipment for hydrogen refueling stations. We also made various key breakthroughs in the production, storage
     and transportation of liquid hydrogen, maintaining our leading position in the progress of civilian use of liquid hydrogen in
     China. Meanwhile, we continue to exert efforts in the field of water electrolysis hydrogen production to establish a first-mover
     advantage in the green hydrogen field in connection with the comprehensive transformation of the hydrogen energy industry.


     Guofu Hydrogen developed and manufactured core components for hydrogen fuel cell vehicles (i.e., vehicle-mounted high-
     pressure hydrogen supply systems) and equipment for hydrogen energy transportation infrastructure (i.e., hydrogen refueling
     stations). Leveraging on our industry-leading positions in vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and
     equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and our deep insights into China’s hydrogen transportation industry, which allowed
     us to participate in the commercialization of hydrogen transportation in China. By developing core equipment for hydrogen
     production, hydrogen liquefaction, and storage and transportation of liquid hydrogen, we began to expand our business to the
     upstream and midstream stages of hydrogen energy industrial value chain with multiple application scenarios. Specifically, we
     developed the technologies for the storage and transportation of liquid hydrogen. The capacity and efficiency of the storage,
     transportation and refueling of hydrogen can be increased by storing and refueling hydrogen in liquid status. In addition,
     in order to solve the demand for hydrogen production after the construction of hydrogen refueling stations, the Company
     developed water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment in 2023 to equip onsite hydrogen production capacity within
     hydrogen refueling stations. We anticipate the our expanding product offering is expected to reduce the cost of hydrogen
     energy for end users in the foreseeable future and accelerate the popularization of hydrogen energy in China’s new energy
     transportation market.


     In the future, Guofu Hydrogen will replicate the advanced manufacturing technologies of hydrogen equipment and the
     experience of constructing intelligent production lines in China to Germany, UAE, Brazil, Egypt, India and other countries, so as
     to provide equipment for the entire industry chain and global supply chain solutions for hydrogen production using renewable
     energy as well as large-scale hydrogen liquefaction, storage, transportation and application.




64   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Guofu Hydrogen is a leading provider for integrated solutions of hydrogen energy core equipment, which includes the
following products:


➢      Water Electrolysis Hydrogen Production Equipment
       We are capable of providing two sets of comprehensive system solutions, namely alkaline water electrolysis (ALK)
       system and proton exchange membrane water electrolysis (PEM) system, to customers, so as to meet different
       production needs of customers. In June 2024, two production lines at the phase III project of equipment industry park
       of the Company commenced official operation. The production lines of such project are intelligent workshops with the
       broadest coverage and highest level of digitalization. Upon full operation, the production capacity of water electrolysis
       hydrogen production equipment will increase to 500 sets.




➢      Equipment for Hydrogen Liquefaction and the Storage and Transportation of Liquid
       Hydrogen
       We were the first company to possess the processing technologies of developing hydrogen liquefaction equipment
       and have the capability to manufacture relevant equipment for large-scale civilian use in China and have successfully
       delivered China’s first industrial-scale hydrogen liquefaction equipment for civilian use with the production capacity of
       10 tons per day, which was the first 10-ton level hydrogen liquefaction equipment in China and also the equipment
       with the largest production capacity in China. We have successfully developed, manufactured and delivered the first
       200 m3 liquid hydrogen container used in a large-scale civilian use liquid hydrogen plant in China. Meanwhile, we have
       developed and manufactured the first liquid hydrogen tank sample for civilian use.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024      65
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     ➢      Equipment for Hydrogen Refueling Stations and Related Products
            With the gradual maturation of technologies in relation to hydrogen fuel cell as well as industrialization of hydrogen
            energy application and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles, it was necessary to equip with relevant industrialized services and
            facilities. To cope with different market demand, we provide comprehensive services to customers, which include
            application scenario analysis of hydrogen refueling stations, preliminary planning suggestions on hydrogen refueling
            stations, product/selection comparative analysis on hydrogen refueling stations, EPC of hydrogen refueling station
            projects, maintenance and operation of hydrogen refueling stations as well as intelligent operation and maintenance.
            During the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics, we provided two 70MPa hydrogen refueling stations for the competition
            areas, which was the first large-scale application of 70MPa hydrogen refueling stations in China.




     ➢      Vehicle-mounted High-pressure Hydrogen Supply Systems and Related Products
            Vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems provide fuel supply for fuel cell engines. We provide hydrogen
            supply systems with various structures and models (including components like carbon fiber wound aluminum-lined
            hydrogen storage cylinders, combined valves, overflow valves, pressure-reducing valves and pressure/temperature
            sensors) to different types of vehicles, such as fuel cell buses and trucks, so as to facilitate the construction of vehicle-
            mounted hydrogen supply systems of various railways in China.




66   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




CORPORATE CULTURE
Being the first company in China which commenced the civilization of liquefied hydrogen, Guofu Hydrogen dedicated to the
development of large-scale hydrogen liquefaction as well as the storage and transportation of liquid hydrogen, so as to make
our due contribution for achieving the national objective of “Carbon Peaking by 2030 and Carbon Neutrality by 2060 (2030碳
達峰和2060碳中和)”.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024     67
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     COMPANY HONORS
     Leveraging on the insights in the hydrogen energy industry and the technical advantages on China’s hydrogen energy core
     equipment industry, we are one of the few national-level specialized and innovative “little giant” enterprises in China.
     Through the dedicated R&D efforts in innovation and the experience in the application of hydrogen energy, we have
     accumulated technical advantages in the field of hydrogen energy core equipment. As of December 2024, we had over 400
     patents, of which, over 200 patents were used in the major commercialized products.


     We have received numerous awards and recognition for our achievements, including, among others, the Key “Little Giant”
     Enterprises (重點「小巨人」企業), Quasi Chain Anchor Enterprise in the Hydrogen Energy Industry Chain of New Energy Cluster
     in Jiangsu Province (江蘇省新能源集群氫能產業鏈中准鏈主企業), Enterprise Included in the “Unicorn” Incubation Program of
     Suzhou (蘇州「獨角獸」培育企業) and Gazelle Enterprise in Jiangsu High-tech Industrial Development Zone (江蘇省高新技術產
     業開發區瞪羚企業). Our key products also received various honors, such as 2021 First (sets) of Major Equipment Projects in the
     Energy Field of National Energy Administration (國家能源局2021年能源領域首台（套）重大設備裝備項目), the Second Prize of
     China Machinery Industry Science and Technology Progress Award (中國機械工業科技進步二等獎), the Second Prize of Jiangsu
     Automobile Industry Science and Technology Progress Award (江蘇省汽車工業科技進步獎二等獎) and the Second Prize of
     Shanghai Science and Technology Award (上海市科學技術獎二等獎).


      No.      Name                                                                                     Issuing authority


      1        Second Batch of the National-level Specialized and Innovative “Little Giant”        The Ministry of Industry and
               Enterprise (第二批國家級專精特新小巨人企業)                                                          Information Technology
                                                                                                        (工業和信息化部)
      2        Recommendation of Specialized and Innovative “Little Giant” Enterprise                     MIIT (工信部)
               (建議支持的國家級專精特新「小巨人」企業)
      3        High-tech Enterprise Certificate of Jiangsu Province                              Jiangsu Provincial Department of
               (江蘇省高新技術企業證書)                                                                         Science and Technology
                                                                                                       (江蘇省科學技術廳)
      4        Certificate for Private Science and Technology Enterprise of Jiangsu Province   Jiangsu Private Science & Technology
               (江蘇省民營科技企業證書)                                                                          Enterprise Association
                                                                                                    (江蘇省民營科技企業協會)
      5        Potential Unicorn Enterprise in Jiangsu Province (江蘇省潛在獨角獸企業)                      Jiangsu Productivity Promotion
                                                                                                 Center (江蘇省生產力促進中心)
      6        Gazelle Enterprise in Jiangsu Province (江蘇省瞪羚企業)                                   Jiangsu Productivity Promotion
                                                                                                 Center (江蘇省生產力促進中心)
      7        First Set of Major Equipment and Key Components Recognition in Jiangsu              Department of Industry and
               Province in 2019 (2019年度江蘇省首台（套）重大裝備及關鍵部件認定)                                     Information Technology of Jiangsu
                                                                                                Province (江蘇省工業和信息化廳)
      8        Enterprise for High-tech Equipment R&D Projects in Jiangsu Province                 Department of Industry and
               (江蘇省高端裝備研製趕超工程項目)                                                                Information Technology of Jiangsu
                                                                                                Province (江蘇省工業和信息化廳)
      9        Honorary Certificate - 35MPa and 70MPa Hybrid Containerized High Pressure          Jiangsu Provincial Automobile
               Intelligent Hydrogenation Device and Demonstration Application (榮譽證書－                     Industry Office
               35MPa、70MPa混合式集裝箱式高壓智能加氫成套裝置研製及示範應用)                                                  (江蘇省汽車工業辦公室)



68   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




No.   Name                                                                                      Issuing authority


10    Honorary Certificate - Development and Demonstration of a Low-Cost, High-           Jiangsu Provincial Automobile
      Hydrogen Density 70MPa Onboard High Pressure Hydrogen Storage and                          Industry Office
      Supply System (榮譽證書－低成本高儲氫密度70MPa車載高壓儲氫供氫系統研                                           (江蘇省汽車工業辦公室)
      發及示範應用)
11    The Potential Unicorn Enterprise in Southern Jiangsu (蘇南潛在獨角獸企業)                      Southern Jiangsu National
                                                                                             Independent Innovation
                                                                                        Demonstration Zone Construction
                                                                                           Promotion Service Center of
                                                                                                Jiangsu Province
                                                                                       (江蘇省蘇南國家自主創新示範區建
                                                                                                設促進服務中心)
12    Second Prize of R&D and Science and Technology Progress Award for our            China Machinery Industry Federation
      intelligent hydrogen gas boosting and filling system (智能化氫氣增壓加注                  (中國機械工業聯合會) and Chinese
      系統研製開發科技進步二等獎)                                                                     Mechanical Engineering Society
                                                                                               (中國機械工程學會)
13    Appraisal Certificate for Scientific and Technological Achievements - Safety     China Machinery Industry Federation
      Performance Research and Evaluation of Vehicle-mounted Hydrogen Storage                 (中國機械工業聯合會)
      Cylinders with Advanced Energy (科學技術成果鑒定證書－先進能源車用儲氫
      瓶安全性能研究與評價)
14    Appraisal Certificate for Scientific and Technological Achievements -            China Machinery Industry Federation
      Research and Development of 45MPa Aluminum - Lined Carbon Fiber Full                    (中國機械工業聯合會)
      Winding High-pressure Hydrogen Cylinder (科學技術成果鑒定證書－
      45MPa鋁內膽碳纖維全纏繞高壓氫瓶研製)
15    Appraisal Certificate for Scientific and Technological Achievements -            China Machinery Industry Federation
      Research and Development of the Intelligent Hydrogen Gas Boosting And                   (中國機械工業聯合會)
      Filling System (科學技術成果鑒定證書－智能化氫氣增壓加注系統研製開發)
16    Innovation Award of Hydrogen Cell and Fuel Cell (Merit) - Construction and          China Society of Automotive
      Engineering Specifications and Standards of Hydrogen Refueling Stations and         Engineers (中國汽車工程學會)
      Integrated Oil And Gas Mixed Stations (氫能與燃料電池創新獎（優秀獎）－
      加氫站、油氣合建站建設及工程技術規範標準)
17    Jiangsu Province Engineering and Technology Research Center                       Jiangsu Provincial Department of
      (江蘇省工程技術研究中心)                                                                          Science and Technology
                                                                                               (江蘇省科學技術廳)
18    Jiangsu Postgraduate Work Station (江蘇省研究生工作站)                                     Jiangsu Provincial Department of
                                                                                             Science and Technology
                                                                                           (江蘇省科學技術廳), Jiangsu
                                                                                       Provincial Department of Education
                                                                                                 (江蘇省教育廳)
19    Suzhou New Research and Development Institution (蘇州市新型研發機構)                       Science and Technology Bureau of
                                                                                         Suzhou City (蘇州市科學技術局)
20    Evaluation of Key Technologies and Industrialized Scientific and Technological      China Society of Automotive
      Achievements of High-pressure Hydrogen and Hydrogen Supply System                   Engineers (中國汽車工程學會)
      (高壓氫氣供氫系統關鍵技術及產業化科技成果評價)
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024    69
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      No.      Name                                                                               Issuing authority


      21       Gazelle Enterprise in Jiangsu High-tech Industrial Development Zone         Jiangsu Productivity Promotion
               (江蘇省高新技術產業開發區瞪羚企業)                                                          Center (江蘇省生產力促進中心)
      22       Second Prize of Jiangsu Society of Automotive Engineers and Automobile       China Society of Automotive
               Industry Science and Technology Progress Award                               Engineers (中國汽車工程學會)
               (江蘇省汽車工程學會汽車工業科技進步獎二等獎)
      23       The First and Major Technology Equipment in the Energy Sector for the Year The General Affairs Department of
               2021 - 70MPa Containerized High-pressure Intelligent Hydrogen Refueling   the National Energy Administration
               Equipment (2021年度能源領域首台（套）重大技術裝備項目－                                               (國家能源局綜合司)
               70MPa集裝箱式高壓智能加氫成套裝置)
      24       Provincial Enterprise Technology Center of Jiangsu Province                   Department of Industry and
               (江蘇省省級企業技術中心)                                                              Information Technology of Jiangsu
                                                                                               Province (江蘇省工信廳)
      25       Jiangsu Hydrogen Energy Production and Storage Equipment Engineering         The Development and Reform
               Research Center (江蘇省氫能制儲裝備工程研究中心)                                           Commission of Jiangsu Province
                                                                                             (江蘇省發展和改革委員會)
      26       First Prize of Science and Technology Award from the China Occupational     China Occupational Safety and
               Safety and Health Association (中國職業安全健康協會科學技術獎一等獎)                                Health Association
                                                                                               (中國職業安全健康協會)
      27       2022 China Hydrogen Energy Industry Most Influential Enterprises Award      China Energy Development and
               (2022年度中國氫能產業最具影響力企業獎)                                                       Innovation Forum Organising
                                                                                                     Committee
                                                                                          (中國能源發展與創新論壇組委會)
      28       Second Prize of Shanghai Science and Technology Award                     Shanghai City People’s Government
               (上海市科學技術獎二等獎)
      29       Excellent Enterprise in Jiangsu Province (江蘇省優秀企業)                        Jiangsu Provincial Committee of the
                                                                                         Communist Party of China, Jiangsu
                                                                                           Provincial People’s Government
      30       Highly Recognized Trademark in Jiangsu Province (江蘇省高知名商標認定)                Jiangsu Trademark Association
                                                                                                  (江蘇省商標協會)
      31       First and Major Equipment Recognition in Suxichang for the Year 2023      Bureau of Industry and Information
               (2023年蘇錫常首台（套）重大裝備認定)                                                         Technology of Suzhou City
                                                                                                    (蘇州工信局)
      32       Third Prize of the Second Market Supervision Research Achievement Award                 SAMR
               (第二屆市場監管科研成果獎三等獎)
      33       Second Prize of the Machinery Industry Science and Technology Award       China Machinery Industry Federation
               (Development and Application of Key Technology of Vehicle-mounted and     (中國機械工業聯合會) and Chinese
               Station-used High-pressure Hydrogen Storage Cylinders) (機械工業科學技術            Mechanical Engineering Society
               二等獎（車用站用高壓儲氫瓶關鍵技術開發與應用）)                                                          (中國機械工程學會)
      34       “Unicorn” Incubation Program of Suzhou (蘇州「獨角獸」培育企業)                      General Office of Suzhou Municipal
                                                                                                People’s Government
                                                                                               (蘇州市人民政府辦公室)
      35       Second Prize of green hydrogen energy course in the 2023 Global Call         the United Nations Industrial
               (2023全球方案徵集活動綠色氫能賽道二等獎) (UNIDO GLOBAL CALL 2023                               Development Organization
               WINNER CERTIFICATE)                                                              (聯合國工業發展組織)

70   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




BOARD STATEMENT
With the continuous development of our business, the Board of the Group attaches great importance to ESG management,
strictly complies with various requirements of the Guide, supervises and manages the Group’s ESG issues and assumes the
ultimate information disclosure responsibility. As the highest management body of the Company’s ESG governance, the Board
has overall responsibility for the Company’s ESG strategy, ESG report preparation and reporting, responsible for formulating
the overall sustainable development management policies, strategies and goals, and establishing and maintaining ESG risk
management and internal control systems.


The Board pays attention to the identification and management of ESG risks and opportunities, strengthens its supervision and
involvement in the Group’s ESG management. The Board actively facilitates the incorporation of ESG concepts into the Group’s
strategies, major decisions and business practices, and continues to create long-term value for the society, thus safeguarding
the Group’s sustainable and high-quality development.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
The Company is committed to promoting high-quality corporate governance practices and procedures and we firmly believe
that good corporate governance is vital to boosting investors’ confidence in the Company. As of the end of the reporting
period, the Board is responsible of managing and operating our business and has general powers. Currently, the Board
comprised nine members, including three executive directors, three non-executive directors and three independent non-
executive directors, and established four committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Review Committee,
the Nomination Committee and the Strategic Committee.


                                                                The
                                                               Board




                              Audit             Remuneration           Nomination             Strategic
                                                 and Review
                            Committee            Committee             Committee             Committee




The Board is responsible for the overall leadership and management of the Company, overseeing the Company’s business,
investment and strategic decisions, and maintaining effective risk management and internal control systems for the Company.
These systems are used to identify, manage and mitigate various operational risks. In addition, the Board performs compliance
management duties. The Group strictly complies with the laws and regulations of the places where it operates and the relevant
policies of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We have zero tolerance for breaches of laws and regulations.


Audit Committee: We established an Audit Committee with terms of reference in compliance with the Listing Rules and the
Corporate Governance Code. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are mainly to make recommendation to our Board
on the appointment and removal of external auditor, and to assist our Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities in relation
to our Group’s financial reporting, internal control structure, risk management processes and external audit functions, and
corporate governance responsibilities.




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024      71
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     Remuneration and Review Committee: We established a Remuneration and Review Committee with written terms of
     reference in compliance with the Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance Code. The primary duties of the Remuneration
     and Review Committee are to evaluate and make recommendation to our Board on the overall remuneration policies and
     structure relating to all Directors and senior management of our Group, review performance based remuneration and ensure
     none of our Directors determine their own remuneration.


     Nomination Committee: We established a Nomination Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with
     the Listing Rules and the Corporate Governance Code. The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to make
     recommendations to our Board regarding candidates to fill vacancies on the Board.


     Strategic Committee: We have established a Strategy Committee. The primary duties of the Strategic Committee are to
     devise and advise on the long-term strategies and material investment decisions of our Company.


     The Board promotes Board diversity policy which stipulates the approach to achieve and maintain an appropriate balance
     of diversity perspectives of our Board that are relevant to our business growth. According to the Board diversity policy, the
     selection of Board candidates will be based on a series of diversity perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age,
     cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate
     decision will be based on merits and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.


     Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including overall management and strategic development, business
     operation and accounting and financial management. We have three independent non-executive Directors who have different
     industry backgrounds, representing one-third of our Board members.


     ESG MANAGEMENT
     The Board, as the highest governing and decision-making body of the Company, has overall responsibility for the sustainable
     development of the Company. A scientific, stable and effective sustainable development management system is the
     cornerstone for promoting high-quality corporate development. Therefore, the Company has established a three-tier
     sustainable development management system with the Board as the core of management. The Board, as the decision-making
     body on ESG issues, will assess and manage sustainability risks, clarify the ESG governance structure, management systems
     and policies and performance indicators. The Board is responsible for evaluating and determining our ESG-related risks as well
     as ensuring that the Company has an appropriate and effective environmental, social and governance risk management and
     internal control system.


     An ESG working group has been established at the management level by the Company, which comprises senior management
     and staff who have sufficient knowledge of current and emerging ESG issues as well as the Company’s operations. The ESG
     working group reports regularly to the Board on the progress of its work. In terms of detailed implementation of ESG issues,
     the heads of various functional departments within the Company are responsible of implementing the work deployment
     arranged by management and the Social Responsibility Committee and perform specific tasks effectively, collect and sort the
     ESG performance of their departments and report on work done to the ESG working group, so as to ensure the specific tasks
     are performed effectively.




72   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS
As a member of the society, it is critical for companies to be socially responsible for increasing competitiveness in the market.
The United Nations has set 17 Sustainable Development Goals (i.e. SDGs), which call on everyone to cope with severe
environmental and social challenges.


The Company has integrated the UNSDGs into our daily work to contribute to global sustainability. Under the leadership of the
Board of the Company, we have selected the goals related to the Company’s operations in accordance with the UNSDGs. The
following list shows the actions we have taken for sustainable development.


 Goals                  Our Actions                                                   Corresponding UN SDGs

 Management             The Company is dedicated to stable development and
 Compliance             continues to strengthen compliance management, so as
                        to establish a transparent and effective decision-making
                        system and consolidate the internal control system,
                        thereby ensuring the operation stability of enterprises.

 Economic Growth        We are dedicated to improve the quality of operation,
                        create sustainable economic benefits, drive economic
                        development, and promote the increase in employment
                        opportunities.

 Product                We maintain a rigorous standard of business integrity
 Responsibility         and conduct business with integrity, and is committed
                        to providing customers with high-quality products and
                        services. At the same time, we strictly protect the privacy
                        of customers to ensure our customers’ trust in us will not
                        be harmed.

 Being Innovative       We always believe that R&D and innovation is a key
                        driving force for corporate development. We continue
                        to increase R&D budgets and introduce cutting-
                        edge technologies and equipment while focusing on
                        improving product quality, so as to ensure each product
                        can reach the industry leading level.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024      73
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Goals                Our Actions                                                 Corresponding UN SDGs

      Environmental        The Company adheres to the implementation of policies
      Protection           in relation to energy saving, emission reduction as well
                           as green and low-carbon development, and work with
                           upstream and downstream partners to jointly address
                           climate change challenges. Promote the culture of
                           green office and enhance the environmental protection
                           awareness of employees.


      Caring for           We are dedicated to create an equal, inclusive, healthy
      Employees            and safe working environment for employees, build
                           a fair and comprehensive talent development system,
                           create a first-class training platform, attach importance
                           to employee growth, and join hands with employees to
                           create a better future.




      Giving Back to       The Company actively cooperates in overall national
      Society              situation, undertake corporate social responsibility,
                           proactively integrate into community development, and
                           contribute to the development of a harmonious society
                           through diversified community activities.




74   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




STAKEHOLDER COMMUNICATION
Stakeholders play an important role in the Group’s development. Through internal and external research, we consider that the
Group currently has stakeholders that are important to its sustainable development, namely the investors, employees, clients,
suppliers and partners, community and government and regulatory authorities. We attach great importance to the views of
our stakeholders, communicate with them through various channels, incorporate their views into the issue of sustainable
development of the Company and respond positively with practical actions.


 Stakeholders                Demands and expectations                        Communication channels


 Shareholders and            •   Protecting investors’ rights                •   General meetings
 investors                   •   Corporate compliant operation               •   Annual and interim reports
                             •   Accurate disclosure of information          •   Company website/email
                                                                             •   Investor conference


 Employees                   •   Protecting the legitimate rights and        •   Documents on systems of the Company
                                 interests of employees                      •   Daily communication
                             •   Well-established compensation and           •   Staff feedback mailbox
                                 benefits mechanism                          •   Performance evaluation and assessment
                             •   Occupational health and safety              •   Staff training
                             •   Equal employment and development
                                 opportunities


 Suppliers                   •   Supplier management                         •   Supplier admission
                             •   Equal opportunity for competition           •   Site research and investigation
                             •   Win-win cooperation                         •   Supplier assessment
                             •   Anti-corruption                             •   Communication with suppliers


 Customers                   •   Product safety and quality                  •   Daily communication
                             •   Product R&D and innovation                  •   Management of customers’ complaints
                             •   Customer services                           •   Portals
                             •   Customers’ rights                           •   Products R&D and management


 Government and              •   Legal and compliant operation               •   Policy execution
 regulatory authorities      •   Pay taxes according to law                  •   Timely information disclosure
                             •   Safe operation                              •   Participation in government meetings
                             •   Social contribution                         •   Regular seminars and exchanges
                             •   Anti-corruption                             •   Presentation of materials


 Community                   •   Caring of community                         •   Public welfare donations
                             •   Public welfare investments                  •   ESG reports
                             •   Environmental protection                    •   Community and volunteer services
                                                                                 and activities




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024   75
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
     To clarify the core areas of focus of the Group’s ESG work, we entrust a professional third-party institution to conduct
     materiality assessments, so as to judge the materiality of each ESG issue to the Group’s business development and the
     stakeholders. The assessment results will serve as the key basis for formulating ESG management strategies and preparing
     ESG reports. During the assessment process, the Company communicates with stakeholders actively to understand their
     concerns and expectations on the Company’s sustainable development, and analyse and assess the current materiality issues
     of sustainable development comprehensively by integrating the global political, economic, legal and social development trends
     as well as the operation strategies, development approaches and business structure of the Company.




                  Step 1                                 Step 2                                Step 3

                  Identifying issues                     Conducting research                   Analysing results

              •   Taking into account the            •   We have conducted different       •   By documenting the views of
                  Company’s business scope               types of research for different       our stakeholders, we were
                  and strategic direction, we            stakeholders to understand            able to fully understand their
                  have identified 23                     their needs, including but not        key concerns and compile and
                  sustainability issues applicable       limited to face-to-face               analyse the views to identify
                  to the Company after internal          communication, special                the material issues for the ESG
                  assessment according to the            meetings and questionnaires,          report of this year. On this
                  ESG Reporting Guide of the             etc. We asked all parties for         basis, the ESG working group
                  Hong Kong Stock Exchange,              their assessment of the               developed a stakeholder
                  the United Nations                     importance of the issues to           materiality assessment matrix.
                  Sustainable Development                understand the requirements,
                  Goals (SDGs) and the GRI               suggestions and expectations
                  Reporting Standards of the             of our stakeholders.
                  Global Sustainability
                  Standards Board.




76   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT RESULTS
The Company mapped out a matrix of materiality issues for Guofu Hydrogen using the materiality of ESG issues to the
Company as a horizontal coordinate and the importance of ESG issues to stakeholders as a vertical coordinate.




          Very important
                                                                                                          Product quality and safety


                                                                            Staff training and
                                                                                                                Compliant operations
                                           Privacy protection               development


                                                                                                                    Safety production
                                          Management of sustainable                   Protection of staff’s        and management
                                           supply chain                                 rights and interests

                                                                                                 Corporate governance
                                               Outstanding customer service




    Importance to stakeholders
                                                          Customer rights                               Product development
                                                                                                          and innovation

                                                                      Fair procurement                        Business ethics
                                                                                                                and integrity
                                                   Protection of environment and ecology


                                                                Energy management

                                                                                       Exhaust emission and wastewater discharge


                                                                       Community charity                 Waste emissions


                                                                                                 Management of carbon emissions
                                    Addressing climate change

                                                                                                          Combating corruption

                                                  Disposal of
                                                   non-conforming products
                                                                                                               Protection of intellectual
                                                                                                                property rights




                                                      Importance to the Company                                          Very important




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024   77
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS
     In September 2020, the Chinese government promulgated the development objective of “Carbon Peaking by 2030 and
     Carbon Neutrality by 2060 (2030碳達峰和2060碳中和)”, opening a new era for energy transformation and addressing
     climate changes. China’s energy structure and system will continue to undergo deep transformation towards cleanliness,
     low-carbonization and safety. In March 2022, the National Development and Reform Commission and the National Energy
     Administration jointly issued the “Medium- and Long-term Plan for the Development of the Hydrogen Energy Industry
     (2021-2035)” (《氫能產業發展中長期規劃(2021-2035)》), which further clarified the role and position of hydrogen energy
     in China’s energy system and emphasized hydrogen production with renewable energy and clean hydrogen as the focus of
     hydrogen energy development direction. Based on the Zhangjiagang industry base, the Company will regard liquid hydrogen,
     type IV cylinders, electrolytic cells and intelligent manufacturing as its future strategies and connect the entire industry chain
     of hydrogen energy from water electrolysis hydrogen production to hydrogen liquefaction, storage and transport and delivery
     as well as end-user utilisation, so as to provide full industry chain solutions for equipment of large-scale production, storage,
     transportation, refueling and use of hydrogen production with renewable energy and green hydrogen, and make our due
     contribution for achieving the country’s “dual carbon” development objective.


     We always pay attention to and strictly comply with national environment-related laws and regulations including the PRC
     Environmental Protection Law (《中華人民共和國環境保護法》), the Law of the PRC on Prevention and Treatment of Water
     Pollution (《中華人民共和國水污染防治法》), the Solid Waste Pollution Prevention and Control Law of the PRC (《中華
     人民共和國固體廢棄物污染環境防治法》) and the Energy Conservation Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國節約能源法》),
     set environmental targets according to environmental policies every year, implement measures for emission reduction and
     strengthen the treatment of emission. To ensure the effective implementation of environmental measures and proper
     treatment of emission and waste, we engage qualified third-party testing agencies regularly to conduct testing and assessment
     of wastewater, exhaust and noise arising from our manufactory environment as well as estimating the carbon emission arising
     from our production. We will engage qualified third-party agencies to carry out reasonable treatment of hazardous waste.
     During the Reporting Period, we have complied with laws and regulations in relation to environment, occupational health and
     safety in all material aspects and we were not subject to any incidents or complaints which had a material and adverse effect
     on our business, financial condition or results of operations.


     R&D AND INNOVATION
     The Company has established a fully-developed R&D management system and ‌a complete technological R&D team, and we
     maintained our R&D inputs for years. The Company jointly founded Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute with Zhangjiagang
     government and the Southeast University which coordinated the commencement and management of the Company’s
     R&D projects, and dedicated to promote the commercialized operation of components for hydrogen fuelled vehicles and
     infrastructures. The Company pays attention to the growth momentum of the industry’s new technologies, new processes and
     new products, and we will fully utilize the advantages of our provincial R&D platforms while actively seeking to build long-
     term partnerships with universities, research institutes and enterprises with technological advantages. By conducting joint R&D
     activities through entrustment and cooperation to complement each other’s advantages, accelerate the R&D development of
     hydrogen energy industry, and ensure the R&D quality. Currently, we have cooperated with various well-known universities
     and research institutes in China, such as Southeast University (東南大學), Tsinghua University (清華大學), Zhejiang University
     (浙江大學), Hefei General Machinery Research Institute (合肥通用機械研究院), the purpose of which is to initiate and establish
     “industry-university-research” platform to commence technological innovation and R&D in the field of hydrogen energy. As
     of 2024, Guofu Hydrogen and its subsidiaries had 448 applied hydrogen patents and 307 licensed patents, of which, we have
     111 invention patents, have participated in the compilation of 10 national standards and 16 group standards.


78   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




In the future, we will seize the opportunities from the rapid development of the industry, make full use of the national
preferential policies to encourage the development of strategic emerging industries, improve R&D conditions, strengthen the
establishment of R&D teams and accelerate the transformation of R&D results. We will continue to strengthen the incentive
mechanism for innovative talents, establish a fair competitive environment, introduce more outstanding talents in the industry
and improve our team capability. We will accelerate the introduction, digestion and absorption of new technologies, and we
strive to establish long-term effective cooperation with universities and relevant research institutes to maintain sensitivity to
advanced technologies in the industry. In addition, the Company has always placed itself in the international field and maintain
the technology advancement and foresight of our R&D team above the international standards.


Our R&D efforts primarily focus on hydrogen energy core equipment in order to further expand our product portfolio to cover
the entire industrial chain of hydrogen energy, and provide equipment solutions for the production, storage, transportation
and use of hydrogen energy. As of 2024, we had a R&D team of 76 personnel.


We not only use our internal funds to carry out independent R&D projects and gain R&D experience, but also collaborate with
external parties, such as universities and specialized research institutes, or undertake special projects assigned by the national,
provincial and municipal governments. We mainly conduct independent R&D activities through Hydrogen Cloud Research
Institute, which is the R&D platform of our Group. As a pioneer in China’s hydrogen energy core equipment industry, we were
widely recognized in the industry for our technical capabilities, R&D strengths and product quality.


ENVIRONMENT MANAGEMENT
Environmental Protection Policies
Our production process mainly involves the discharge of wastewater, waste gas, solid waste and noise, as well as the use
of different types of chemical materials. To minimize the impact of emission on the environment, we have implemented a
series of emissions management system and policies in accordance with national laws and regulations and national and local
environmental standards in terms of air pollutant emission, discharges into water and land, disposal of solid waste and noise
control.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024      79
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     We are committed to exploring ways to protect the environment as we continue to increase the revenue and expand
     production capacity. By developing and integrating environmentally sustainable practices into our operations, we minimize
     our environmental impacts. The Company has set up a regular inspection system and stringent environmental management
     measures which involve controlling of emission, waste treatment, third-party testing and monitoring, spare energy utilization,
     reducing the energy consumption and increasing staff awareness to mitigate environmental impact from our operation in the
     near, medium and long term. We strictly follow the requirements of national laws and regulations to reduce and manage the
     waste generated and encourage employees to use resources responsibly. The Company has established waste sorting stations
     that require employees to engage in waste classification. In addition, to monitor the wastewater, exhaust gas, noise and
     toxic as well as high risk and hazardous positions involved in our daily operation, and conduct annual inspection and review.
     In addition, we use solar panels to generate electricity, prioritize the use of clean energy and promote the save of water and
     electricity in our production facilities and offices. Set out below are some of the key procedures in respect of environmental
     protection policies which have been adopted by us:


     ■      Regular Inspections. The Company has set up a regular inspection system and stringent environmental management
            measures. Specifically, we control the emission by way of reduction management of waste water and gas through
            process optimization to reduce the cleaning time and winding time, thus reducing the generation of wastewater and
            waste gas. In addition, the Company also engages qualified third parties to monitor the toxicity and harmfulness of
            relevant production positions, waste water, noise, exhaust gas and radiation.


     ■      Resource Consumption. The Company has improved the layout of workshop equipment and reduced the number of
            heat-generating equipment to reduce the air conditioning load and in turn reduce energy consumption. In addition,
            we have placed the production equipment with special requirements for temperature and humidity separately to
            cancel the original heating and dehumidification requirements of the entire workshop, which in turn reduce the energy
            consumption of air conditioners.


     ■      Handling of Hydrogen and Other Chemicals. The Company’s safety management department is responsible for
            the comprehensive management and to ensure safety precautions and supervision are in place in the storage and
            handling of hydrogen and other chemicals. Personnel engaged in work related to the storage and use of hydrogen
            and chemicals must receive regular training in safety knowledge, professional skills, occupational safety and health
            protection and emergency rescue knowledge. For the handling of hydrogen and chemicals, our internal policy puts
            in place strict management protocols including providing appropriate safety equipment, implementing isolation
            measures, conducting regular inspections of storage facilities, and requiring safety precautions when handling and
            disposing waste in designated containers.


     ■      Waste Management. The Company has completed online filing to discharge waste water and we have obtained
            necessary approvals of the pollution discharge from competent authorities. We have set up an air emission process
            system in our plants and implement relevant internal protocols to ensure proper operations. For other hazardous waste,
            we collect them and send to qualified units for specialized treatment. Wastewater from the Company is processed
            by the wastewater treatment station operated by us to reach national safety standards for disposal, other waste are
            collected and disposed by qualified industrial waste processing and environmental protection entities. We also contract
            with qualified environmental impact assessment agency to conduct regular inspections regarding our compliance with
            the emission of wastewater, waste gas and noise standard according to various environmental protection laws and
            regulations.




80   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




■      Assessment of Environmental Impact. The Company established procedures to ensure that environmental impact
       assessment will be carried out before commencing the manufacturing activities as required by the Environmental
       Impact Assessment Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國環境影響評價法》). For instance, for facility construction and
       expansion projects, before commencement of projects, we carry out in-depth analysis, prediction and evaluation of
       the possible adverse effects of the projects on the surrounding environment and ecology after site selection, design
       and project completion and put forward measures for preventing and controlling environmental pollution. Before
       the commencement of the projects, we engage third parties to assess the feasibility of the precautionary measures
       for environment protection and submit these third-party reports for relevant responsible departments for review and
       approval. During the construction of projects, the Company will implement pollution prevention and control measures
       as well as environmental risk prevention measures while constructing simultaneously with the major construction
       works. Upon completion of the projects, we will invite third-party assessment agencies to attend on-site acceptance
       review to ensure the relevant requirements for environment are satisfied. After on-site inspection by environmental
       protection administrative departments and the construction of environmental protection facilities are confirmed
       to meet the requirements, we can commence trial production. In addition, after official operation of projects, the
       Company strengthens environmental monitoring actively and assesses environmental protection risk regularly, so as to
       ensure our production and operating activities will not have adverse effects to the environment.


ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM CERTIFICATION
Through a series of effective environmental management measures, for the hydrogen energy equipment of Guofu Hydrogen,
namely “tank containers within its qualification scope (C2), fiber wound cylinders (B3) and vehicle-mounted hydrogen
supply systems, hydrogen dispensers, ancillary equipment for hydrogen dispensers and water electrolysis device”, the
design, manufacturing and relevant management activities obtained the GB/T 24001-2016/ISO14001:2015 Environmental
Management System Certificate in 2020 and 2023. As of now, we have obtained the relevant permits and completed
requisite registration in respect of the environmental protection and safety production, including explosion-proof certificate of
conformity (防爆合格證), radiation safety license (輻射安全許可證), proof of filing for purchase of Class II and Class III excisable
chemicals (第二類、第三類易製毒化學品購買備案證明), license to discharge urban wastewater into the drainage network (城
鎮污水排入排水管網許可證), license for Erection, Modification and maintenance of special type equipment (特種設備安裝改造
維修許可證), special design and production license (特種設計生產許可證) and level-III safety standardization certification (三級
安全標準化認證).




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024      81
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     GB/T 24001-2016/ISO14001:2015 Environmental Management System Certificate:




82   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




CE Flameproof System Certificate:




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024   83
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     Production License of Special Equipment:




84   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




RESOURCE MANAGEMENT
Energy Management
Energy Consumption Targets
Baseline and          In response to the vision of achieving carbon peak in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2060 and the call
Background:           of various regulatory agencies including the HKEX, the Company voluntarily set consumption reduction
                      targets based on the usage of energy in 2024. We set consumption reduction targets in terms of
                      consumption/revenue ratio


Entity Scope:         Cover the Company and its principal subsidiaries including Guofu Hydrogen, Hydrogen Cloud Research
                      Institute and Shanghai Qingmai, which are mainly located at Jiangsu Province and Shanghai


Expected Results:     The electricity consumed per ton of product produced in 2025 will decrease to below 90% than that in
                      FY2024


We maintain and advocate the concept of “energy efficiency”, encourage our staff to conserve resources, optimize the
structure of resource utilization and strengthen the management of resource utilization, so as to reduce resource consumption
at source. At the same time, we continue to explore ways to recycle resources and strive to improve the efficiency of resource
utilization. In 2022, 2023 and 2024, our total energy consumption was 6,361 thousand kWh, 6,719 thousand kWh and 9,954
thousand kWh, respectively. Our intensity of total energy consumption was 17.62 thousand kWh/revenue in RMB million,
12.92 thousand kWh/revenue in RMB million and 12.67 thousand kWh/revenue in RMB million, respectively. Of which, our
direct energy consumption was 2,444 thousand kWh, 2,522 thousand kWh and 4,153 thousand kWh, respectively, which
mainly includes natural gas consumed during our production and gasoline consumed by our vehicles. Our indirect energy
consumption was 23,916 thousand kWh, 4,197 thousand kWh and 5,801 thousand kWh, respectively, which mainly includes
purchased electricity. In recent years, the production capacity of the Company continued to expand and the energy consumed
during our production and operation increased, however, the intensity of total energy consumption for 2024 decreased as
compared with 2022 and 2023.


To achieve the energy consumption targets, we are actively promoting the use of renewable energy and plan to replace
some of our purchased electricity with photovoltaic power generation for our production works in this year. Compared with
traditional thermal power generation systems, photovoltaic has no risk of depletion and no air pollution emissions, which is a
high-quality clean energy. By increasing the operational effectiveness of equipment by using standardised point inspections,
regular maintenance of equipment and other management methods, we aim to decrease the useless power consumption of
equipment, avoid idling of equipment and reduce energy consumption. In addition, we carried out LED lamps renovation for
the lighting systems of the Company’s offices and various workshops. Compared with ordinary lighting equipment, LED lights
have significant advantages, such as eco-friendly, energy saving and a longer life, which are the representative of “green
lighting”.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024     85
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     On 28 December 2024, the distributed photovoltaic grid-connection and hydrogen production with green power R&D testing
     platform project for factory phase III invested and constructed by Guofu Hydrogen completed and successfully passed the grid-
     connected power generation acceptance. The distributed photovoltaic grid-connection and hydrogen production with green
     power R&D testing platform project leverages on the rooftop distributed photovoltaic power stations of Guofu Hydrogen with
     the area of 52,000 square meters, the total installed capacity of the project on direct-current side is 6,950 kilowatts-peak and
     can generate 6.952 million units of green electricity in the first year. The project can save 2,133 tons of standard coal and
     reduce emissions of carbon dioxide by 5,332.5 tons per year in average, which can facilitate green transformation of energy
     structure. The project becoming operational will not only provide the phase III factory of Guofu Hydrogen with electricity
     for daily production, but also optimize the carbon footprint of its products and enhance the competitiveness in low-carbon
     development of the Company. On one hand, the design, production and construction of such project meets the normal model
     of “self-generation and self-use, surplus power to the grid (自發自用，餘電上網)”, it also integrates the application scenarios
     of hydrogen production with green power on the other hand.




     The hyper-converged centralized control platform for hydrogen production with green power integrates wind power,
     photovoltaic power and hydrogen storage, and covers green power, power distribution, hydrogen production (electrolyzer,
     gas-liquid separation, purification and ancillary system, etc.) and energy management system, which is equipped with dispatch
     optimization, group control and group tuning, AI self-learning and other functions. By improving the efficiency of energy
     utilization and operational stability, the project provides an innovative path for the deep integration of clean energy and
     hydrogen production technology. The overall project is based on the Internet of Things platform and utilizes big data and
     simulation algorithms, so as to realize intelligent energy management and efficient synergy of multi-energy coupling. Through
     the construction of the zero-carbon industrial park, Guofu Hydrogen not only accelerates the application and promotion of
     green energy and hydrogen technology, but also further promotes the optimization and upgrading of the regional energy
     structure.




86   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




WATER RESOURCE MANAGEMENT
Water Consumption Targets
Baseline and          In response to the vision of achieving carbon peak in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2060 and the call
Background:           of various regulatory agencies including the HKEX, the Company voluntarily set consumption reduction
                      targets based on the usage of energy in 2024. We set consumption reduction targets in terms of
                      consumption/revenue ratio


Entity Scope:         Cover the Company and its principal subsidiaries including Guofu Hydrogen, Hydrogen Cloud Research
                      Institute and Shanghai Qingmai, which are mainly located at Jiangsu Province and Shanghai


Expected Results:     The water consumed per ton of product produced in 2025 will decrease to below 90% than that in
                      FY2024


In 2022, 2023 and 2024, our water consumption was 32,857 tons, 55,800 tons and 46,088 tons, respectively. All of our
water consumption comes from the use of tap water and we did not encounter any problems and challenges in searching for
appropriate water source. The expansion of our production capacity in recent years and the opening of Shanghai Qingmai’s
office in 2023 resulted in an increase in our water consumption, but our overall water consumption in 2024 was lower than
that in 2023.


In order to achieve the goal of reducing water consumption, we have set a short-term water conservation target of 1%
reduction in annual water consumption which is linked to the performance appraisal and encourages employees, so as to
conserve water on their own initiative. In addition, we promote the recycling of water resources in our production processes,
in order to reduce our net water consumption. We cultivate the concept of “water conservation” among our staff by posting
water conservation posters in water fixtures and public areas. We pay attention to key water-using segments and equipment
in real time, thus we can respond quickly to abnormal situations and minimize the waste of water resources. At the same
time, we continue to improve the design of water-using segments and equipment to increase the efficiency of water resources
utilization




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024     87
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     The wastewater discharged by the Company includes domestic wastewater and industrial wastewater, and its discharge is
     in line with the Law of the PRC on Prevention and Treatment of Water Pollution (《中華人民共和國水污染防治法》). With
     respect to production wastewater, we recycle the wastewater in our production process through the wastewater treatment
     system and do not discharge the wastewater externally.




     Domestic wastewater is pre-treated in septic tanks and fed into the municipal wastewater network for centralized disposal
     by the local wastewater treatment plant thereafter. The Company controls the sewage indices from the source by controlling
     the use of detergents and choosing phosphorus-free detergents. On the other hand, the Company keeps the sewage network
     unobstructed through regular inspection and maintenance of the septic tanks to prolong the life of the sewage network and
     the sewage tanks and to avoid the deterioration of the quality of the wastewater from polluting the environment.


     Packaging Management
     In 2022, 2023 and 2024, our packaging consumption were 4.11 tons, 4.41 tons and 11.32 tons, respectively. The intensity
     of hazardous waste were 0.011 ton/revenue in RMB million, 0.008 ton/revenue in RMB million and 0.025 ton/revenue in RMB
     million. Our packaging materials are mainly paper boxes, packaging bags, pearl cotton and wrapping films. In recent years,
     while ensuring the safety of product transportation, we continued to increase deplasticization, lightweighting and recyclability
     of packaging, thus the density of packaging material consumption has continued to decline. For our long-term suppliers, we
     choose to use recyclable metal frames for distribution, which effectively reduces the consumption of packaging materials.




88   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                  Environmental, Social and Governance Report




 Category                                                       Units                                   2022                 2023           2024


 Energy                     Direct Energy
 Consumption                Consumption1
                            Gasoline                            Liters                                19,300                23,700        15,900
                            Oil                                 Liters                                       –                   –               –
                            Liquefied Petroleum Gas             Kilograms                                    –                   –               –
                            Natural Gas                         Cubic meters                        215,823                219,166       382.322


                            Indirect Energy
                               Consumption2
                            Purchased Electricity               ’000 kWh                               3,916                 4,197         1,861
                            Direct Energy Consumption ’000 kWh                                         2,444                 2,522         4,153
                            Indirect Energy                     ’000 kWh                               3,916                 4,197         5,801
                               Consumption
                            Energy Consumption3                 ’000 kWh                               6,361                 6,719         9,954
                            Energy Consumption                  ’000 kWh/RMB million                   17.62                 12.92         12.67
                               Intensity                        in revenue


 Water Consumption Total Water Consumption                      ton                                   32,857                55,800        46,088
                            Total Water Consumption             ton/RMB million in                     91.02                107.31        100.63
                               Intensity                        revenue


 Packaging materials        Total Packaging Material            ton                                      4.11                 4.41         11.32
                               Consumption     4


                            Total Packaging Material            ton/RMB million in                     0.011                 0.008         0.025
                               Consumption Intensity5           revenue

Notes:

1.       Direct energy consumption of the Company includes gasoline and natural gas.

2.       The main form of indirect energy consumed by the Company is purchased electricity.

3.       Energy consumption is based on direct and indirect energy consumption amount obtained and calculated according to conversion equivalents in
         Appendix III of the “Energy Data Manual issued by the International Energy Agency” (《國際能源署發出的能源數據手冊》).

4.       Packaging materials used by the Company include paper packaging, plastic packaging, pearl cotton and wrapping films.

5.       The “Intensity” ratio in this report choose “000 kWh/million revenue for the Reporting Period” as an indicator.




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024     89
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     EMISSIONS MANAGEMENT
     EMISSIONS TARGETS
     Baseline and           In response to the vision of achieving carbon peak in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2060 and the call of
     Background:            various regulatory agencies including the HKEX, the Company voluntarily set emissions reduction targets
                            based on the emissions of air pollutants and greenhouse gases in 2024. We set emissions reduction
                            targets in terms of emissions/revenue ratio


     Entity Scope:          Cover the Company and its principal subsidiaries including Guofu Hydrogen, Hydrogen Cloud Research
                            Institute and Shanghai Qingmai, which are mainly located at Jiangsu Province and Shanghai


     Expected Results:      The electricity consumed per ton of product produced in 2025 will decrease to below 90% than that in
                            FY2024 and the natural gas consumed per ton of product produced will decrease to 80% than that in
                            FY2024


     We pay great attention to the relevant laws and regulations of the country, strictly comply with applicable laws and regulations
     where the Group operates during our production and operation. We emphasize the treatment of emissions, wastewater, solid
     waste and other emissions to ensure the emissions of the Company can meet local emissions standards, thereby reducing the
     adverse effects caused to the environment. We continue to improve our emissions management system and have established
     the “Management System for Exhaust Dust” (《廢氣、粉塵管理制度》), “Wastewater Management System” (《污水管理
     制度》), “Solid Waste Management System” (《固體廢棄物管理制度》), “Noise Management System” (《噪聲管理制度》)
     and other systems, which specified the management requirements and emission standards for various types of emissions. The
     health, safety and environment (HSE) specialist carries out regular compliance checks on emissions according to the “HSE
     Monitoring and Measurement Control Procedures” (《HSE監視、測量控制程序》). In addition, the Company invites qualified
     third-party organizations to conduct tests on various indicators of waste gas and wastewater, including sulfur oxides, nitrogen
     oxides and particulate matter, PH value, suspended solids, so as to ensure compliance with national emission standards.


     Gas Pollution Prevention and Control
     The air pollutants discharged by the Company are mainly nitrogen oxide, sulfur oxides and suspended particles, which are
     mainly from the production processes of the Company and vehicle emissions. Our emissions are in line with the Integrated
     Emission Standard of Air Pollutants (《大氣污染綜合排放標準》). The emissions from the winding and painting processes of
     the Company are treated in the waste gas treatment facilities and adsorbed by activated carbon before being discharged at a
     height of not less than 15 meters. Welding fume is collected by a mobile welding fume dust collector, and the dust collected
     by the dust collector is recycled in time or entrusted to a qualified unit for treatment.




90   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




In 2022, 2023 and 2024, our total nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions were 55.7 kilograms, 59.3 kilograms and 90.4 kilograms,
respectively, our total sulfur oxide (SOx) emissions were 0.5 kilograms, 0.6 kilograms and 0.6 kilograms, respectively and
our emissions of suspended particles were 1.1 kilograms, 1.3 kilograms and 1.2 kilograms, respectively. Emissions of NOx
and SOx mainly come from the combustion of natural gases such as heated evacuation ovens and solidification furnaces and
vehicle emissions. In recent years, the Company continued to expand its production capacity, which has led to an increase in
emissions.


In order to achieve the emission targets, the Company sets emission targets for emission indicators (NOx, SOx and particulate
matter) every year and links the emission results to the performance assessment. We continue to promote the green
transformation of our energy structure and develop photovoltaic power generation projects. Through the effective application
of renewable and clean energy, we can reduce traditional fuel consumption and at the same time greatly reduce emissions
of waste gas and greenhouse gases. We are committed to controlling the emission of air pollutants at source. We check the
environmental conditions of our vehicles every year and dispose of those vehicles that have reached the end of their useful life.
In addition, through logistics outsourcing, the company pools resources, optimizes routes and greatly reduces emissions from
the transportation of raw materials and products.


GREENHOUSE GAS MANAGEMENT
With a focus on environmental consciousness, we strive to conserve our environment by using resources responsibly, reducing
waste, and maintaining a neutral carbon footprint. We develop and produce hydrogen energy core equipment with a goal
to serve global and China’s hydrogen energy industry and contribute to the development of green hydrogen which are
considered as an important way to reduce carbon emissions.


In 2022, 2023 and 2024, our emissions of greenhouse gases within Scope 1 were 602 tons, 622 tons and 1,018 tons,
respectively, and the main source of emissions of greenhouse gases within Scope 1 are from the vehicle emissions used in
our operation. Our emissions of greenhouse gases within Scope 2 were 2,517 tons, 2,690 tons and 3,766 tons, and the main
source of emissions of greenhouse gases within Scope 2 are from the electricity and natural gas required in our operation. Our
emissions of greenhouse gases within Scope 3 were 26 tons, 32 tons and 48 tons, and the main sources of greenhouse gases
in Scope 3 are CO2 emissions from the use of paper and the travel of employees on airplanes and business trips. In recent years,
the continued expansion of production capacity and overseas business expansion of the Company has resulted in an increase
in production and operational activities as well as business trips, which has led to an increase in the greenhouse gas emissions
of the Company.


In order to achieve our emissions targets, we actively pursue photovoltaic power generation projects to reduce the
consumption of conventional energy through the use of clean energy and to control greenhouse gas emissions at source. We
emphasize on the development of environmentally friendly products and we are committed to managing our carbon footprint
with our upstream and downstream partners as well as our customers. We will improve the efficiency of equipment operation,
reduce useless power consumption, avoid equipment idling and reduce energy consumption through standardized point
inspection, equipment periodic maintenance and other management means.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024      91
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     In addition, we cultivate staff awareness of power saving by requiring air-conditioners to be set at a temperature of no more
     than 26 degrees Celsius in summer and to be used only when the temperature is below 5 degrees Celsius in winter. We require
     our staff to turn off the lights when they leave and arrange security guards to inspect the electricity consumption every day.
     We continue to implement “Green Office” and cultivate the habit of energy-saving and low-carbon office and living among
     our staff. We encourage our staff to travel in a low-carbon manner and use public transportation to reduce empty trips and
     unnecessary staff travels. We encourage our staff to adopt remote online meetings, implement paperless office and reduce
     paper material requirements through office software and electronic reimbursement system.


      Category                                                    Unit                                      2022               2023                2024


      Emissions1                 Nitrogen Oxides (NOx)            ton                                    0.0557              0.0593             0.0904
                                 Sulfur Oxides (SOx)              ton                                    0.0005              0.0006             0.0006
                                 Particulate Matters (PM)         ton                                    0.0011              0.0013             0.0013


      Total greenhouse           Scope 1 – Direct emission        ton                                        602                 622              1,018
      gas emissions and
      intensity2
                                 Scope 2 – Indirect emission ton                                           2,517              2,690               3,766
                                 from energy
                                 Scope 3 – Other indirect         ton                                          26                 32                  48
                                 emission
                                 Total emission3                  ton                                      3,145              3,345               4,832
                                 Total emission intensity         ton/revenue in                             8.71               6.43              10.55
                                                                  RMB million

     Notes:

     1.       Emissions of the Company are mainly from gas fuel consumption and vehicle emissions. The emission factors for gas fuel refer to the Clean Air
              Charter — A Business Guidebook (《清新空氣約章－商界指南》) published by the Hong Kong General Chamber of Commerce and the Hong Kong
              Business Coalition on the Environment, as well as the Towngas’s Sustainable Development Report 2018 (《可持續發展報告2018》). The emission
              factors for vehicles refer to the Vehicle Emission Calculation Model of the Hong Kong Environmental Protection Department.

     2.       To comprehensively present GHG emissions of the Company, we divided them into three scopes according to Appendix C2 of the Main Board
              Listing Rules:
              ➢        Scope 1 — covers GHG emissions directly generated by the owned or controlled operations of the Company
              ➢        Scope 2 — covers electricity consumed (purchased or acquired) internally by the Company
              ➢        Scope 3 — covers all other indirect GHG emissions occurring outside the Company, such as wastepaper disposed of in landfills by the
                       Company and our staff traveling by airplane for business purposes

     3.       GHG emission data are presented in terms of carbon dioxide equivalents and refer to:
              ➢      Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fifth Assessment Report (AR5) (2014)
              ➢      The “Guidelines to Account for and Report on Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Removals for Buildings (Commercial, Residential or
                     Institutional Purposes) in Hong Kong” (《香港建築物（商業、住宅或公共用途）的溫室氣體排放及減除的核算和報告指引》) by Hong Kong
                     Environmental Protection Department
              ➢      Ecological Environment Bureau of the People’s Republic of China (2019)




92   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




WASTE MANAGEMENT
Waste Discharge Targets
Baseline and          In response to the vision of achieving carbon peak in 2030 and carbon neutrality in 2060 and the call of
Background:           various regulatory agencies including the HKEX, the Company voluntarily set emissions reduction targets
                      based on the discharge of waste in 2024. We set emissions reduction targets in terms of emissions/
                      revenue ratio


Entity Scope:         Cover the Company and its principal subsidiaries including Guofu Hydrogen, Hydrogen Cloud Research
                      Institute and Shanghai Qingmai, which are mainly located at Jiangsu Province and Shanghai


Expected Results:     The waste discharge intensity per ton of product produced in 2025 will decrease by 5%


Hazardous Waste
In 2022, 2023 and 2024, our total discharge of hazardous waste were 64 tons, 61 tons and 47 tons, respectively. The
intensity of hazardous waste were 0.18 ton/revenue in RMB million, 0.12 ton/revenue in RMB million and 0.10 ton/revenue in
RMB million. Waste packaging, welding slag, waste lubricating oil and waste activated carbon generated during production
processes are the Group’s major hazardous waste. To achieve the discharge targets, in order to guarantee clean production
and sustainable development, we will remain firm in regulating our management, integrated utilisation and harmless disposal
of solid waste, with an aim to reduce waste discharge.


Non-hazardous Waste
In 2022, 2023 and 2024, our total discharge of hazardous waste were 92 tons, 121 tons and 171 tons, respectively. The
intensity of hazardous waste were 0.25 ton/revenue in RMB million, 0.23 ton/revenue in RMB million and 0.37 ton/revenue
in RMB million. Non-hazardous waste are mainly kitchen waste, construction waste and non-hazardous waste during our
production and operation.


To further minimize the environmental impacts of general waste, we have adopted a combination of “waste reduction at
source” and “waste transfer” approach in managing general waste. We have strengthened the management of resource
procurement and utilization. In order to control hazardous waste at source, we have posted posters such as “save paper” in
public areas to advocate the rational use of resources by our staff, so as to reduce unnecessary waste of resources. In terms of
food, we avoid purchasing excessive ingredients and each factory will conduct survey on staff’s opinions on canteen’s dishes
and strive to improve to meet the appetites of a majority of staff, so as to reduce food waste at source. We encourage our
staff to use resources wisely and we have set up waste sorting points in our office premises and production areas to require
employees to sort waste.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024      93
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




     We insist the principle of “Classified Collection, Comprehensive Utilisation and Proper Disposal” for the treatment of solid
     waste, sort solid waste for disposal, recycle recyclable waste as much as possible and hand over non-recyclable waste to
     qualified companies for disposal. Waste includes hazardous waste and non-hazardous waste. Hazardous waste means
     solid waste containing toxic, hazardous or dangerous waste that needs to be treated in accordance with local government
     regulations. We have set up hazardous waste bins in each plant. Hazardous waste generated in the production process is
     handled by each unit in contact with the business department, which commissions a qualified unit to handle and report to
     the safety and environmental protection department. Each unit monitors the disposal of hazardous waste to ensure that the
     hazardous waste is handled legally.


      Category                                                   Unit                                    2022               2023               2024


      Waste                 Hazardous waste1                     ton                                        64                 61                 47
                            Density of hazardous waste           ton/total revenue in                     0.18               0.12               0.10
                                                                   RMB million
                            Non-hazardous waste2                 ton                                        92               121                171
                            Density of non-hazardous             ton/total revenue in                     0.25               0.23               0.37
                               waste                               RMB million

     Notes:

     1.       The hazardous waste of the Company mainly includes cut off scraps, waste acetone solvents, welding slag, waste lubricating oil, and waste
              activated carbon.

     2.       The non-hazardous waste of the Company can be categorized into office and general household waste, kitchen waste, construction waste and
              other non-hazardous waste. Other non-hazardous waste primarily includes waste boxes and scrap metal.


     Impacts of Climate Change
     Climate-related issues pose a certain degree of threat to us. We adhere to the risk management principle of “prevention-
     oriented, rapid response and continuous monitoring” to assess the possibility and impact of environmental and climate
     changes on our business, and take timely countermeasures to minimize our losses caused by environmental risks. We identify
     and disclose the potential impacts of climate-related risks on our business according to the recommendations of the Task Force
     on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The major climate risks we have identified can be categorized into (i) physical
     risk, which is defined as the physical impacts arising from extreme weather conditions or long-term chronic shifts in climate
     patterns; and (ii) transition risks, which is defined as the risk associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy, which
     may involve policy risk, legal risk, technology risk, market risk, reputation risk and other risks.




94   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Type of risks   Potential impacts                                   Responses

Physical risk

Acute risk       Climate-related issues may bring about the          With reference to relevant laws and
                 risk of increasingly severe extreme weather         regulations, we have formulated the
                 events. The Company mainly locates at               “Emergency Rescue Plan” (《應急救援預案》),
                 Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu Province, which          set up an emergency rescue team and purchase
                 is located at the Yangtze River Delta region        emergency supplies and equipment in advance.
                 and belongs to the southern humid climate           Also, we conduct emergency drills and training
                 zone of the North Asian Tropics. Due to the         from time to time to enhance our staff’s
                 combined effects of climate changes and             awareness of precautionary measures and their
                 geographical conditions, Zhangjiagang City is       ability to avoid risks.
                 vulnerable to natural disasters, such as floods
                 and draughts, typhoons, rainstorms and high
                 temperatures. Natural disasters and extreme
                 weather conditions may cause power outages,
                 gas and water shortages as well as damages
                 to production and processing facilities and
                 warehouses, which may cause significant
                 disruptions to our operations and economic
                 losses to the Company.

Chronic risk     The major suppliers of the Company are              We have strengthened our efforts in
                 located in various provinces and cities across      researching the raw material market and
                 the country, including Qinghai Province, Henan      studying the trend of the raw material market,
                 Province, Chongqing City, Shandong Province,        so as to ensure the stability of the raw material
                 Jiangsu Province and other provinces. Of which,     supply. In addition, the Company has set up
                 the supplier of carbon fiber, the principal raw     a reasonable and scientific safety inventory
                 material of hydrogen cylinders (accounted for       to safeguard the Company’s production and
                 18.5% of cost of sales for 2024 and 21.8% of        operation.
                 cost of sales for 2023), is located at Xi’ning,
                 Qinghai Province. Subject to weather changes,
                 the frequency of extreme weather events will
                 cause disruption to our transportation services,
                 which in turn will affect the stability of the
                 supply chains of the Company, and may in turn
                 lead to delays in the delivery of raw materials
                 and products.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024    95
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Type of risks           Potential impacts                                       Responses

      Transition risk

      Policy and legal risk    Hydrogen energy is one of the important                 The Company continues to pay attention to the
                               forms of energy and transportation to achieve           development trend of the industry, increase
                               “carbon neutrality and carbon neutrality”.              investment in research and development,
                               National and local governments have launched            promote technological innovation, product
                               numerous favorable policies in the field of             upgrading and iteration to maintain product
                               hydrogen energy, national top-level planning,           competitiveness.
                               guidance from relevant ministries and
                               commissions and the execution policies of local
                               governments are implemented successively.
                               The rapid development of the Company in
                               the hydrogen energy sector has benefited
                               from the support of national policies. As the
                               hydrogen energy industry is still in a fast-
                               growing stage, any unfavorable changes in the
                               national policies and industrial policies, or if the
                               Company’s application in the demonstration
                               city clusters is not as expected, the Company’s
                               business development may be adversely
                               affected.

      Legal risk               Our business operations are subject to                  We continue to pay attention to various
                               environmental protection laws and regulations           environment-related laws and regulations
                               issued by the PRC government. The transition            and ensure that the Company complies with
                               to a low-carbon economy will inevitably lead            the requirements of the laws and regulations
                               to changes in climate-related regulations               through the management of three types of
                               and policies and maintain compliance with               waste and third-party testing and other means.
                               applicable environmental regulations and laws,
                               which may change from time to time and
                               may increase our compliance costs. Failure to
                               comply with such laws and regulations may
                               result in serious consequences for us, including
                               administrative, civil and criminal penalties and
                               liability for damages and negative publicity.
                               In the event of a serious violation, the PRC
                               government may suspend or close any business.




96   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Type of risks         Potential impacts                                    Responses

Technological risks    The vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen           The Company continues to pay attention to the
                       supply systems and hydrogen refueling stations       development trend of the industry, increase
                       (as a package of equipment) of the Company           investment in research and development,
                       are technology-intensive products. The vehicle-      promote technological innovation, product
                       mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply                upgrading and iteration, and maintain product
                       systems have the technical requirements of           competitiveness.
                       high safety, high stability, and light weight,
                       while the hydrogen refueling stations (as a
                       package of equipment) focus on the safety
                       and accuracy of filling, and the two products
                       are applied to fuel cell vehicles, transportation
                       infrastructure and hydrogen filling stations,
                       respectively. Currently, Japan and the United
                       States have an absolute technological lead in
                       the global hydrogen industry, monopolizing a
                       large number of core technology patents. In
                       addition, in the low-carbon context, as large
                       energy companies and some of the relevant
                       listed companies strengthen their investment
                       in research and development resources in
                       the hydrogen energy sector, if there are
                       breakthrough technologies or brand new
                       technological routes in the industry in the
                       future, it may result in the Company’s products
                       not being able to adapt to the market demand.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024   97
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Type of risks          Potential impacts                                    Responses

      Market risk             Against the backdrop of global emissions             The Company has participated in the
                              reduction, developed countries and regions,          compilation of the “Accounting method on
                              such as the United States, Japan and Europe,         Carbon Emission from Industrial co-product
                              want to capitalize on their economic and             Hydrogen” (《工業副產氫碳排放核算方法》)
                              trade strengths as well as their technological       which is led by the China Petroleum and
                              advantages in the field of low-carbon energy,        Chemical Industry Federation and the Shanghai
                              and enhance their competitive advantages             Environmental and Energy Exchange. The
                              through low-carbon trade barriers such as            methodology starts from clarifying the formal
                              carbon tariffs, especially in the energy industry    emissions of hydrogen by-products. Through
                              to expand their global markets. The fierce           a more scientific and objective calculation
                              competition of allocating carbon allowances          method, it clarifies the carbon emission
                              between developed countries and emerging             accounting and proportion allocation method
                              economies will continue in the future. With          of hydrogen by-products under various
                              the launch and operation of the national             processes, so as to promote the application of
                              carbon market, China is expected to become           industrial hydrogen by-products in the market.
                              the largest carbon market in the world. The
                              common feature of China Certified Emission
                              Reduction (CCER) projects is the reduction of
                              carbon emissions. Blue and green hydrogen as
                              well as new low- or zero-emission hydrogen
                              projects in the future, are the only ones
                              that meet the emission reduction criteria
                              for inclusion in the CCER project pipeline.
                              In addition, with the market’s deepening
                              understanding of the concepts of low-
                              carbon economy and carbon trading, market
                              choices will be more inclined to low-carbon
                              products. If the Company fails to provide more
                              environmentally friendly products or services,
                              it may result in the loss of some customers and
                              lead to market risk.

      Reputation risk         Failure to conduct preliminary surveys on            The Company has established a comprehensive
                              intellectual property rights in the market           intellectual property management system and
                              during product development and design                strictly complies with all national laws and
                              may result in the risk of patent infringement        regulations, and we endeavor to protect all
                              of the product. Failure to apply for patents         patents of the Company from infringement
                              or intellectual property protection for the          while eliminating infringement itself.
                              Company’s design and R&D results in a timely
                              manner, or failure to monitor and respond to
                              malicious infringement in the market after the
                              application is completed. This may result in a
                              failure to protect the results of the design and
                              development effectively, which may result in
                              damage to the reputation of the Company.

98   JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Environmental, Social and Governance Report




OPTIMISING EMPLOYMENT ENVIRONMENT
Employee Overview
Over the years, we have always adhered to the “people-oriented” management philosophy and regard our staff as the
most valuable resource and treasure. We strictly comply with the Labor Law of the PRC (《 中華人民共和國勞動法》), the
Labor Contract Law of the PRC (《 中華人民共和國勞動合同法》), the Law on the Protection of Minors of the PRC (《 中華
人民共和國未成年人保護法》), Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labor (《 禁止使用童工規定》), Special Rules on
the Labour Protection of Female Employees (《 女職工勞動保護特別規定》) as well as other relevant national and regional
laws and regulations, and accordingly formulate the Company’s internal procedures governing the policies and practices
of the Company in relation to remuneration and termination, recruitment and promotion, working hours, holidays, equal
opportunities, diversity, anti-discrimination as well as other entitlements and benefits.


We have established a healthy employment system and standardize the employment criteria of the Company, so as to
provide timely and continuous human resources support for the development of the enterprise through standardized and
professional recruitment activities. We have formulated the “Recruitment Management System” (《招聘管理制度》) to specify
the recruitment policies and processes. Recruitment of the Company is based on the principles of equal opportunity, fair
competition, comprehensive investigation and job matching. In 2024, the Group had a total of 543 employees, of which, there
were 453 male employees and 90 female employees. 125 employees are under 30 years old, 353 employees are 30-45 years
old and 65 employees over 45 years old.


We have established a comprehensive Labor Employment Management Rules (《勞動用工管理制度》) based on the Law on the
Protection of Minors of the PRC (《中華人民共和國未成年人保護法》), Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labor (《禁
止使用童工規定》), the Labor Contract Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) as well as various laws and regulations
and requirements of regulatory departments. Also, we strictly abide by various international conventions in related to human
rights, such as the Convention on the Minimum Age for Employment (《准予就業最低年齡公約》), the Convention concerning
the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour (《禁止和立即行動消除最惡劣形
式的童工勞動公約》) and the 1930 Forced Labour Convention (《1930年強迫勞動公約》).


We uphold the principle of fair employment and prohibit any discrimination in employment on the basis of nationality, sex,
age, color or religion. We are determined to eliminate child labor and strictly comply with the relevant requirements of
the labor and security authorities, which explicitly prohibit the employment of minors under the age of 16. We implement
stringent inspection measures in the recruitment process and require applicants to provide a series of dossiers, such as
resumes, identity cards, medical reports and academic certificates, and we forbid applicants who do not meet the employment
requirements from applying for the job. We adopt a “zero tolerance” approach to forced and exploitative labor practices
and the use of underage child labor. Our staff, suppliers and the community at large can report to the management of the
Company through multiple channels, such as phone calls and emails, if they find any related problems, and the relevant
departments will investigate and handle them in a timely manner. During the year, there was no child labor or forced labor in
the Company.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024     99
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    We have continuously optimized our remuneration system and formulated the Performance Management System (《績效管理
    制度》) and the Remuneration Management System (《薪酬管理制度》), and continue to implement the payroll model of fixed
    wages plus performance incentives. On the basis of providing our staff with a basic salary that is in line with the market, we
    have also adopted a series of incentive measures to increase the performance bonuses for employees in key positions such as
    marketing, research and development and sales, and to grant incentive pay to staff who have made outstanding contributions
    to the company at our discretion


    We have established a comprehensive leave system and welfare protection system. In the Staff Manual (《員工手冊》), we have
    stipulated the leave system and related protection measures for our staff, who are not only entitled to all the statutory leaves
    stipulated by the country, including maternity leave and 5-15 days of annual leave, we will apply for and pay for various social
    security benefits for our staff in accordance with the relevant national and local regulations at the same time, such as old
    age, medical care, work injury, maternity, unemployment insurance and housing provident fund. In addition, the Company
    organizes various group activities on traditional festivals, so as to enhance cohesion and bring warmth to employees.




100 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




PROTECTION OF HEALTH AND SAFETY
Occupational Health System
We have received the ISO 45001 occupational health and safety management system certification. Guofu Hydrogen has
established a system for occupational health and labor protection, including the Occupational Safety And Health Regulatory
System (《職業安全健康規章制度》), the Responsibility System for The Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases (《職
業病防治責任制》), the Occupational Disease Hazard Notice System (《 職業病危害告知制度》), the Occupational Disease
Hazard Declaration System (《職業病危害申報制度》), the Occupational Health Education and Training System (《職業衛生教
育培訓制度》), the Management System for Labor Protection Supplies (Appliances) and Health Products (《勞動保護用品（具）
和保健品管理制度》), the Occupational Disease Protection Facilities Maintenance System (《職業病防護設施維護制度》) and
the Occupational Health Surveillance Screening and Diagnostic System (《職業健康監護體檢與診療制度》), so as to regulate
occupational safety management duties, prevention and control of occupational diseases and labor safety protection.




We engage a qualified third-party company to evaluate the effectiveness of occupational disease control on an annual basis
and initiate continuous improvement based on this evaluation. For the operation positions that generate serious occupational
disease hazards, we have set up warning signs and Chinese warning instructions at conspicuous locations to inform the
operation personnel of the types of occupational disease hazards, consequences, prevention, and emergency treatment
measures. In addition, we not only provide our staff with labor protection products that comply with national regulations,
including PVC gloves, anti-virus, anti-dust masks, earplugs, and special protection for special positions that may come into
contact with chemicals, but also organize regular medical checkups for our staff, so as to protect their physical and mental
health.



                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 101
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    PRODUCTION SAFETY SYSTEM
    The health and safety of our staff is always our top priority. We strictly comply with the Work Safety Law of the PRC (《中華
    人民共和國安全生產法》) and the Fire Protection Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國消防法》). In order to minimize the risk of
    accidents and raise employees’ awareness of health and safety issues, we have (i) assigned specialists to handle production
    safety accidents and keeping records; (ii) developed guidelines and manuals on operational safety and incident handling;
    (iii) launched various kinds of training, including induction training and on-the-job training, and encouraging employees to
    remain vigilant and responsible for their safety and health in the performance of their duties at work; (iv) installed fire safety
    equipment and flammable gas alarms in accordance with relevant PRC laws and regulations (e.g., the Work Safety Law of
    the PRC (《中華人民共和國安全生產法》)); and (v) required departments at production sites to keep records of regular safety
    inspections, random checks of safety protection equipment, sign-in for safety training, hydrogen pipeline inspections and
    equipment maintenance.


    We have formulated a series of systems related to production safety, including the Compendium of Production Safety
    Responsibility System (《安全生產責任制彙編》), the Assessment System for Production Safety Responsibility System (《安全
    生產責任制考核制度》), the Measures for Inspection and Assessment of Long-Term Planning (《長遠規劃檢查與考核辦法》),
    the Measures for Assessment of the Implementation of Safety Targets (《 安 全 目 標 實 施 考 核 辦 法 》), the Management of
    Funds for Labor Protection Measures (Safe Measures Fee)” (《勞動保護措施經費（安措費）管理》), the Management System for
    Three Simultaneity of New, Alteration and Expansion Projects (《新、改、擴建工程「三同時」管理制度》), the Safety Technical
    Operation Procedures (《安全技術操作規程》) and the Safety Operation System (《安全作業制度》). Safety Technical Operation
    Regulations”, ‘Safety Operation System’ and so on, so as to regulate production and construction safety management,
    and to clarify the production safety responsibilities of various departments and personnel at all levels, production safety
    assessment, rewards and punishments, and safety workflow. Based on the Safety Production Law (《安全生產法》) as well
    as other laws, regulations industrial safety standards and norms, we have set up a leading group for the promotion of the
    “double prevention mechanism” (雙重預防機制) to strengthen the foundation of enterprise safety management through
    the construction of a double prevention mechanism for the hierarchical management and control of safety risks and the
    identification and management of hidden dangers, to enhance the enterprises’ ability to prevent risks and accidents, and to
    prevent and curb the occurrence of various types of accidents, especially serious and large-scale accidents, so as to ensure the
    safety of the enterprises in the future and curb the occurrence of various types of accidents, especially serious accidents. We
    have continuously improved our Emergency Response Plan (《應急預案》), specifying the response measures and procedures for
    possible accidents or emergencies and arranging drills on a regular basis. We also conduct regular inspections and checks on
    various safety aspects (e.g. fire-fighting, water and electricity usage and wearing of protective gears) to ensure that all safety
    nodes in the production process are monitored in real time.




102 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




During the Reporting Period, we did not experience any significant incidents, accidents or complaints that would have a
material adverse effect on our business operations, nor did we suffer any significant administrative penalties for breaches of
occupational health and safety at work.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024 103
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    SUPPORTING EMPLOYEES DEVELOPMENT
    We have established a sound talent cultivation mechanism and career advancement channels, thus our staff can enjoy a variety
    of benefits and extensive career development opportunities. Trainings of the Company adopt the mode of combining internal
    and external training. At the beginning of each year, the human resources department of the Company prepares the Annual
    Training Plan (《年度培訓計劃》) according to the needs of each business module and tracks the completion of trainings on a
    monthly basis. During the year, we achieved significant results in our talent development plan, with a 99.4% staff training rate
    and an average training hours of 68 hours per person.


    PROTECTING EMPLOYEE’S RIGHTS
    Based on the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of Minors (《中華人民共和國未成年人保護法》), the
    Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labour (《禁止使用童工規定》), the Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic
    of China (《 中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) and other laws and regulations as well as the requirements of the supervisory
    authorities, we have established a sophisticated labour system and strictly complies with the Convention on the Minimum
    Age for Employment (《准予就業最低年齡公約》), the Convention concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the
    Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour (《禁止和立即行動消除最惡劣形式的童工勞動公約》), the 1930 Forced Labour
    Convention (《1930年強迫勞動公約》) and other international conventions related to human rights.


    We adopt a “zero tolerance” attitude towards forced, exploitative labour and child labour. If our staff, suppliers and all parties
    of society discover relevant problems, they can report to the Company’s management through multiple channels such as
    telephone and email for further investigation and treatment by the relevant departments in a timely manner. During the year,
    the Company did not engage in child labour or forced labour.


    The specific measures of the Company for the protection of employees’ rights and interests include:


    1.     Equal employment: Ensure that there is no discrimination in the recruitment process and that fair assessments are made
           on the basis of ability, experience and job requirements, and prohibit prejudice on the basis of race, gender, age and
           other factors.


    2.     Labor contracts: We sign legal and compliant labor contracts with our staff to clarify the rights and obligations of both
           parties and to protect the legitimate rights and interests of our staff.


    3.     Compensation and benefits: Provide competitive salaries and benefits, such as social security, provident fund, paid
           vacation, etc., to ensure that employees receive reasonable compensation.


    4.     Working environment: Provide a safe and healthy working environment, regularly inspect equipment to prevent
           occupational injuries, and equip necessary safety facilities.


    5.     Training and development: Provide vocational training and promotion opportunities to help employees improve their
           skills and promote career growth.




104 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




6.     Complaint mechanism: establish a smooth complaint channel, employees can anonymously report misconduct, the
       company will promptly investigate and deal with.


7.     Privacy protection: Respect employees’ privacy, handle personal information appropriately, and do not disclose it
       without consent.


8.     Support from labor union: Support employees to join labor unions and protect their rights and interests through labor
       unions.


Measurement Indicators (Social Responsibility)
We have always adhered to the principles of diversity and inclusiveness, and are committed to developing an equal and diverse
employment environment while continuously optimizing our staffing structure in order to maintain our internal and external
competitiveness. The following table sets out quantitative data on the social performance of the Group in 2024.


 Social responsibility
 Category                                                                             Unit                   Data in 2024

                                                      Employee data1

 Employees                                                                   Total number                              543

 Gender                                                                              Male                              453

                                                                                   Female                                90

 Age                                                                             Below 30                              125

                                                                                    30-45                              353

                                                                                  Over 45                                65

 Education                                                                         Doctor                                 1

                                                                                   Master                                28

                                                                                 Bachelor                              195

                                                                                   Tertiary                            139

                                                             Senior high school and below                              180

 Employment type                                                      Full-time employees                              540

                                                                                   Interns                                3

                                                                        Dispatched labour                                 –

                                                                      Part-time employees                                 –




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 105
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Social responsibility
      Category                                                                           Unit    Data in 2024

      Position                                                          Senior management                  9

                                                                       Middle management                  33

                                                                      General management                 501

      Region                                                                  Guofu Hydrogen             491

                                                                  Hydrogen Cloud Research                 27
                                                                                     Institute

                                                                          Shanghai Qingmai                25

                                           Monthly average employee turnover rate

      Monthly average employee turnover                                         Total number              7.3

                                                                                Turnover rate           2.7%

      Turnover rate by gender                                                           Male            2.4%

                                                                                      Female            0.3%

      Turnover rate by age                                                          Below 30            1.3%

                                                                                       30-45            1.4%

                                                                                     Over 45           0.08%

      Region                                                                  Guofu Hydrogen            1.2%

                                                                  Hydrogen Cloud Research               0.9%
                                                                                     Institute

                                                                          Shanghai Qingmai              0.6%

                                                        Staff training data

      Staff training                                                     Number of trained               540
                                                                                   employees

                                                                       Percentage of trained           99.4%
                                                                                   employees

      Gender                                                                            Male             450

                                                                                      Female              90

      Position                                                          Senior management                  6

                                                                       Middle management                  85

                                                                      General management                 449




106 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                              Environmental, Social and Governance Report




 Social responsibility
 Category                                                                                  Unit          Data in 2024

                                                    Average training hours for staff

 Average training hours                                                                   Hours                     68

 Gender                                                                                   Male                      68

                                                                                         Female                     68

 Position                                                                     Senior management                     68

                                                                             Middle management                      68

                                                                             General management                     78

                                                   Employee health and safety data

 Work-related mortality                                                                   2022                       0

                                                                                          2023                       0

                                                                                          2024                       0

 Number of lost days due to work injury                                                    Days                    281


Note:

1.      Employee data are calculated based on the monthly average in 2024.



Supplier Management
The Company has long been committed to working with suppliers from all over the world to build a mutually beneficial and
win-win long-term relationship. We strictly comply with the Tendering and Bidding Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國招投標
法》), the Anti-unfair Competition Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國反不正當競爭法》) as well as other laws and regulations.
We have also established a comprehensive internal supplier management mechanism: Promote the good development of
cooperative ecology through the Procurement System and Norms (《採購制度與規範》) and the Supplier Control Procedures
(《供方控制程序》).




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 107
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    Over the years, we have insisted on cooperating with suppliers from different regions, nationalities, cultures and backgrounds
    to realize a diversified supply chain. At the same time, we also emphasize cooperation with local suppliers to promote the
    development of the local economy and reduce logistics costs at the same time. In 2024, we had 438 suppliers and our suppliers
    are mainly concentrated in East China, the specific distribution is as follows:



                                           Number and distribution of suppliers
                                                                        3 10
                                                                14 13           28
                                                           18




                                                                      350

                                     North-    Northern   Eastern   Southern   Central   Southwestern   Overseas
                                     Eastern   China      China     China      China     China          suppliers
                                     China



    We have long insisted on conducting objective, rigorous and fair background investigation work on potential suppliers
    and utilizing a standardized process system to assess and manage our suppliers in order to establish quality and long-term
    stable supplier relationships. We have formulated the Supplier Control Procedures (《 供方控制程序》) to strictly regulate
    the development, selection, management, assessment and supervision of suppliers. The purchasing department organizes
    an evaluation team consisting of quality, technology, production equipment and quality assurance departments within the
    division, so as to participate in the supplier access process and mainly examines three major areas of corporate strength,
    corporate credit and quality control management. At the same time, we will regularly evaluate and assess the suppliers in the
    Qualified Supplier List (《合格供應商名錄》) and remove those suppliers who do not meet the standards from the Qualified
    Supplier Directory (《合格供應商名錄》).


    In addition, when selecting suppliers, the Company will prioritize partners who share our sense of social responsibility and the
    concept of sustainable development to ensure that we can obtain more healthy, safe and environmental-friendly products and
    services, we consider the supplier’s initiatives in social responsibility and environmental management, whether to maximize
    the use of environmentally friendly materials and whether to obtain the corresponding system certification. The Company also
    attaches great importance to the environmental and social responsibility related to office supplies. The Company also attaches
    great importance to environmental and social responsibility in relation to office supplies. For example, in the procurement of
    consumables, we try to strike a balance between environmentally friendly products, user-friendliness and price.




108 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Environmental, Social and Governance Report




Product Responsibility
Product Services and Complaints
Product is the cornerstone of enterprise development, to provide customer satisfaction is the company’s long-standing goal,
we are deeply committed to product quality management, and strictly comply with the Product Quality Law of the PRC (《中
華人民共和國產品質量法》), Regulations of the PRC on the Administration of Production License for Industrial Products (《中
華人民共和國工業產品生產許可證管理條例》) as well as relevant laws and regulations. We regard quality management as
an important part of the internal audit of the product, the establishment of a comprehensive quality management system,
including but not limited to the Production Process Control Procedures (《生產過程控制程序》), the Continuous Improvement
Control Procedures (《持續改進控制程序》), the Corrective and Preventive Measures Control Procedures《糾正和預防措施控制
程序》, the Customer Satisfaction Control Procedures (《顧客滿意度控制程序》), the After-Sales Service Management System
(《 售後服務管理制度》) and the Customer Complaint Management System (《 客戶投訴管理制度》), which comprehensively
covers quality objectives, quality control, quality acceptance, quality data statistics, quality dispute handling and other aspects,
as well as raw materials, product production process and factory products and other links. We have obtained ISO 9001:2015
certification for our quality management system for the design and manufacture of hydrogen energy equipment and IATF
16949:2016 certification for our quality management system for the design and production of hydrogen supply systems
(including hydrogen cylinders).


We always strive for the highest quality products. In order to ensure that the quality of the products provided by the
Company is safe and effective, we have formulated a series of management systems including the “Purchasing Management
System” (《採購管理制度》), “Product Quality Advance Planning Control Program” (《產品質量先期策劃控制程序》), “Product
Audit Control Program” (《 產品審核控制程序》), “Product Release Management System” (《 產品放行管理制度》), “Quality
Abnormality Management System” (《 品質異常管理制度》) and “Quality Record Control Program” (《 質量記錄控制程序》)
for conducting inspections on the quality characteristics of incoming materials, production processes, finished products and
outgoing inventory in the production activities of Company, so as to ensure that the relevant materials and products meet the
standard requirements and record the inspection results for preparing a report. At the same time, we have formulated the
“Non-conforming Product Control Procedures” (《不合格品控制程序》) to analyze the reasons of discovering non-conforming
products during the inspection process and to carry out corrective and preventive measures for major and recurring non-
conforming products, so as to improve the quality of the Company’s products continuously.


Since our establishment, we did not have any major product quality issues or recalls due to safety and health reasons.




                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024 109
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    During the Reporting Period, we have not received any complaints related to our product quality. If the Company receives
    a complaint from a customer about the quality of a product, the after-sales service department staff will immediately
    feedback the information about the customer’s complaint to the relevant internal departments of the Company (the
    Business Department, the Quality Assurance Department and the Production Planning Department). According to the level
    of customer complaints, the quality personnel of the Business Department will categorize the complaints into “general
    customer complaints” and “major customer complaints”. For “general customer complaint”, the business department will
    give a rectification plan internally, formulate preventive and improvement measures and close the problem after the customer
    accepts the rectification status and passes the inspection. For “major complaints”, the division must respond within 12 hours
    with an interim response, within 24 hours with an analysis report, and within 72 hours with a solution, or as requested by the
    customer.


    When analyzing major customer complaints, the company adopts the format of 8D Report (《8D報告》) to do the analysis
    (except for special requirements of customers), and the documents and information that need to be modified eventually after
    the analysis will be updated and submitted to the system responsible person for controlled filing. The updated documents will
    be used by human resources to organize training for relevant departments, such as the need to modify procedure documents,
    control plans, FMEA, SOP, SIP, etc. The system specialist is responsible for the modification of procedure documents. The
    system commissioner is responsible for modifying procedural documents, the technical craft of each division is responsible for
    modifying control plans, FMEA, SOP and other technical documents, the quality inspection department is responsible for SIP
    and other inspection documents, human resources lists the training plan, and the supervisors of each department evaluate
    the effectiveness of the training. After the customer complaint handling is completed, the quality personnel of the division
    will register and record it into the Customer Complaint Handling Account (《客戶投訴處理台賬》), so that the details of the
    customer complaint can be registered clearly and become the input for the management evaluation.


    When the products have significant or potential non-conformity, the company organizes the relevant departments to form an
    internal quality audit team in accordance with the Internal Audit Management Procedures (《內部審核管理程序》) and carry out
    the analysis of the causes, and at the same time take effective corrective or preventive measures to achieve continuous quality
    improvement, so as to minimize the possibility of the occurrence of similar problems, and to prevent the reoccurrence of the
    non-conformity that has already occurred, and the occurrence of the potential non-conformity. Specific operating procedures
    are implemented in accordance with the quality management system document, namely the Corrective and Preventive
    Measures Control Procedures (《糾正和預防措施控制程序》).


    Protection of Intellectual Property Rights
    We have established a comprehensive intellectual property management system. In all production and operation activities,
    the Company strictly follows the “Trademark Law of the PRC” (《中華人民和國商標法》), “Patent Law of the PRC” (《中華人民
    共和國專利法》), “Copyright Law of the People’s Republic of China” (《中華人民共和國著作權法》) as well as other laws and
    regulations. For the research and development, production and sales of the hydrogen energy equipment of the Company, the
    above processes in relation to the purchase of intellectual property management activities in 2022 obtained the GB/T 29490-
    2013 intellectual property management system certification. In order to eliminate the occurrence of infringement at the same
    time, and strive to protect all of the company’s patents are not infringed upon.




110 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                               Environmental, Social and Governance Report




GB/T 29490-2013 Intellectual Property Management System Certificate:




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024 111
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    The Company and its key personnel have entered into Confidentiality, Intellectual Property Transfer and Non-competition
    Agreements (《保密、知識產權轉讓和不競爭協議》), which specify the terms of intellectual property attribution, confidentiality
    requirements, and non-competition. During the validity period of the confidentiality contract, employees shall strictly observe
    the Company’s confidentiality system to prevent leakage of corporate commercial, technical and other secrets; shall not leak
    the Company’s commercial, technical and other secrets to others; and shall not utilize the Company’s commercial or technical
    secrets to carry out production and business activities, or to carry out new research and development using the technical
    secrets, without the Company’s written consent.


    The Company has established the Confidentiality Management System (《保密管理制度》) to categorize the confidentiality
    of Company secrets into Top Secret/Level 1, Confidential/Level 2, and Secret/Level 3. The Board of Directors’ Office, as the
    Company’s confidentiality administration department, will work with each department to differentiate the specific scope of
    the Company’s secrets. The Confidentiality Management System (《保密管理制度》) stipulates the scope of confidentiality
    and confidentiality standards for each confidential counterpart. The confidentiality measures for the Company’s confidential
    information are generally categorized into document confidentiality, institutional confidentiality and technical confidentiality.
    The confidentiality management of documents and files is carried out in accordance with the Company’s file management
    measures. Institutional confidentiality is the confidentiality management of secret information in accordance with the relevant
    provisions of the System, and any violation of which will be dealt with in accordance with the Confidentiality Management
    System (《 保 密 管 理 制 度 》). The main means of technical confidentiality is the encryption management of confidential
    documents and the control of internal and external transmission paths with the help of security management software/
    hardware systems.


    All data stored in the Company through computers, information printed or copied, emails and instant messaging tools, are
    encrypted or recorded by the Institute through computer information security tools. Weekly comparison of OA application
    data and backend decrypted data and sending paths is conducted, and data and behavior monitoring reports are issued to the
    board office, which conducts timely tracking and verification based on abnormal data or behavior, and issues confidentiality
    supervision notifications on a monthly basis, and the Human Resources Department imposes penalties on personnel violating
    this system based on the notification of supervision.


    We have entered into confidentiality and non-competition agreements with our key full-time employees and full-time
    research and development personnel, pursuant to which the intellectual property rights conceived and developed during their
    employment with the Company belong to us and they waive all rights or claims relating to such intellectual property rights.
    We have also put in place an internal policy governing the confidentiality of all corporate information and we have not been
    subject to any intellectual property infringement claims in 2024 that have had any material adverse effect on the Group.




112 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Environmental, Social and Governance Report




PRODUCT QUALITY
Product is the cornerstone of enterprise development, to provide customer satisfaction is the company’s long-standing goal,
we are deeply committed to product quality management, adhere to the refinement of the operation. We have established
different quality management systems according to the characteristics of different products, and we have been working on
multiple systems in parallel to continuously improve the quality management level of the company, to adapt to the market
competitiveness, and to satisfy the requirements of our customers. The Quality Manual (《質量手冊》) is the basis for the
operation of the company’s quality management system, is the code of conduct for all employees, and also embodies the
Company’s commitment to customers, requiring all employees to fully understand and correctly implement the company’s
quality policy, strictly in accordance with the requirements of the Quality Manual (《質量手冊》) to implement the quality
functions, the full development of the quality management system operation, in order to satisfy customers’ requirements and
expectations, and to achieve customer satisfaction.


The whole life-cycle quality management of our products follows the requirements of ISO9001:2015 quality management
system standard and the special requirements of customers to formulate documented procedures to implement, maintain,
and continuously improve in order to make the quality management system to maintain the conformity, adaptability and
effectiveness, and to continuously satisfy the requirements of customers.


We always pursue the highest quality products. During this year, we continue to carry out quality management, inspection,
training work, including:


1)	According to the management needs of the division and the company’s internal audit, launch internal
       quality system operation training from time to time




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 113
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    2)     Conduct monthly quality inspections and process discipline inspections, and output non-conformity
           corrective preventive measures


    3)	Export monthly inspection reports and started internal quality mutual learning and support activities


    4)     Convene monthly quality meeting according to the quality meeting management system and form a
           monthly quality report to publicize quality issues and raise quality awareness


    5)     Quality kamban management is implemented in production units, and the quality assurance department
           conducts monthly inspections and evaluations of each division




114 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Environmental, Social and Governance Report




CONSUMER PRIVACY PROTECTION
We have long been concerned about the protection and privacy of our customers’ information. We have established
a Confidentiality Management System (《 保 密 管 理 制 度 》), which categorizes company secrets into Top Secret/Level 1,
Confidential/Level 2, and Secret/Level 3. We have signed Confidentiality Agreements (《保密協議》) with our confidential
employees, and encrypted confidential documents and controlled internal and external transmission paths with the help of
security management software/hardware systems.


ANTI-CORRUPTION MANAGEMENT
Bribery and corruption have always been prohibited. We strictly abide by the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the PRC (《中華
人民共和國反洗錢法》) and other laws and regulations in relation to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering, which
prohibit corruption, bribery and other illegal behaviors. We constantly reiterate anti-corruption principles and regulations to
all employees and partners, and have established a series of preventive and supervisory measures to prevent corruption from
occurring.


We have established a number of anti-corruption management systems, including the Anti-Corruption and Reporting and
Complaints Management System (《反舞弊與舉報投訴管理制度》), the Sunshine Integrity Management System (《陽光廉政管理
制度》) and the Employee Integrity Management System (《員工廉潔管理制度》) and systems, so as to regulate the professional
behavior of the Company’s middle and senior management and all employees to strictly comply with relevant laws, industry
norms and standards, professional ethics, and Company regulations and systems, and to establish a good culture of honesty
and diligence, so as to prevent the occurrence of behavior that is detrimental to the interests of the Company and its
shareholders.


The Audit Department of the Company, as an organization directly under the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors,
is a standing organization for anti-fraud and anti-corruption work, and is responsible for organizing and executing inter-
departmental and company-wide anti-fraud and anti-corruption work. We have established and publicized reporting channels
through which all employees of the Company and social parties that have direct or indirect economic relationships with the
Company may report to the Company information on actual or suspected fraud and corruption by employees, including
complaints and reports on violations of professional ethics by employees of the Company, by means of reporting telephones,
e-mail boxes and other channels. We continue to provide training on integrity culture, compliance management and anti-
corruption to raise the awareness of all employees on anti-fraud and anti-corruption.


We are proud to announce that there were no cases regarding corruption, bribery, blackmail, fraud or money laundering
against the Group or its employees during the Reporting Period. Such achievement is due to our strict requirements for
employees’ behaviors and our persistence in corporate governance, as well as our intensifying internal supervision and risk
management mechanisms. We will continue to keep this high standard, and commit ourselves to improving employees’
recognition of transparency and self-discipline through continuing training and advocacy, to maintain the good image and
market leading position of the Company. In the future, we will further improve our anti-corruption reporting mechanism and
provide anti-corruption trainings for Board members regularly.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024 115
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report




    During the Year, we conducted a 2-hour anti-corruption training for our management of the Company and key personnel of
    all departments. A total of 45 employees participated the training.


    SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
    We are committed to becoming a leader in the field of hydrogen energy technologies and equipment. In the future, we
    will continue to adhere to promote the concept of green energy in product development, manufacturing and technological
    innovation and make sizeable contributions to the transformation of green energy, energy saving and carbon reduction and
    realization of the objective of “Carbon Peaking and Carbon Neutrality (“碳達峰，碳中和”)”.


    We have been actively responding to the government’s call to fulfill its social responsibility by attaching great importance to
    various social welfare activities. We attach great importance to our corporate role in establishing social values and leading the
    public in the awareness of civic responsibility. In response to the initiative of the Zhangjiagang Charity Federation, we have
    donated RMB20,000 annually to the “Love Hong Kong City” Charity Fund in recent years.


    We regularly organize blood donation activities to demonstrate our corporate responsibility, form a good atmosphere of
    solidarity and mutual help, and realize the concept of mutual help.




116 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                               Independent Auditor’s Report

TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
(江蘇國富氫能技術裝備股份有限公司)
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen Energy Equipment Co., Ltd. (江蘇國富氫
能技術裝備股份有限公司) (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages
122 to 216, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2024, and the consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated
statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material
accounting policy information and other explanatory information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at December 31, 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent
of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Key Audit Matter
Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024 117
    Independent Auditor’s Report




    Key Audit Matter (continued)

      Key audit matter                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


      Impairment assessment of trade receivables and
      contract assets


      As set out in Note 24 and Note 25 of the consolidated Our procedures in relation to management’s assessment on
      f i n a n c i a l s t a t e m e n t s , a s a t D e c e m b e r 3 1 , 2 0 2 4 , t h e impairment of trade receivables and contract assets included:
      gross value of trade receivables and contract assets were
      RMB758,868,000 and RMB27,749,000, net of allowance •                               Obtaining an understanding and testing the design
      for credit losses of RMB104,000,000 and RMB951,000                                 and implementation of the relevant key controls on
      respectively.                                                                      how management determine the allowance for ECL;


      The expected credit losses (“ECL”) on trade receivables and •                      Challenging management’s basis and judgement in
      contract assets with credit-impaired are assessed individually,                    determining credit loss allowance on trade receivables
      which are measured as the difference between the asset’s                           and contract assets, including their identification of
      carrying amount and the present value of estimated future                          credit-impaired trade receivables and contracts assets,
      cash flows with the consideration of expected future credit                        the reasonableness of grouping of the remaining trade
      losses. The remaining is collectively assessed using a provision                   debtors in the provision matrix, and the basis of estimated
      matrix through grouping trade receivables and contract assets                      loss rates applied;
      based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to past
      due exposure and nature, size and industry for the customers, •                    Evaluating the appropriateness of management’s
      and the expected loss rates are estimated on the basis of                          assessment on customer grouping based on our
      the payment profiles of customers and the corresponding                            understanding of the Group’s business and operations
      historical credit losses, which were adjusted to reflect current                   and the credit risk characteristics of the relevant
      and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors                           customers;
      affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.
                                                                                •        Evaluating the competence, capabilities and
      We identified impairment assessment of trade receivables and                       objectivity of independent external valuer engaged by
      contract assets as a key audit matter due to the significance                      the management for impairment assessment of trade
      of the balance of trade receivables and contract assets and                        receivables and contract assets;
      the complexity of management’s estimates and judgements in
      assessing ECL mentioned above.                                            •        Testing, on a sample basis, the historical data used in
                                                                                         the calculation of the historical credit losses, including
                                                                                         the settlement records and the accuracy of the ageing
                                                                                         analysis of trade receivables and contract assets;


                                                                                •        Involving internal valuation specialists to evaluate
                                                                                         the ECL model, methodology and key assumptions
                                                                                         adopted by management.




118 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report




Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed,
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024 119
    Independent Auditor’s Report




    Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
    Statements
    Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
    free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion
    solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
    responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
    level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material
    misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
    the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
    consolidated financial statements.


    As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
    throughout the audit. We also:


    •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
           or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
           and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
           fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
           misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


    •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
           appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
           internal control.


    •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
           disclosures made by the directors.


    •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
           evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
           on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
           to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
           disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
           date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
           concern.


    •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
           manner that achieves fair presentation.


    •      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
           the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We
           are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit.
           We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.



120 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report




Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (continued)
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Kay Man Wo, Dick.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong


March 27, 2025




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024 121
    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
    Other Comprehensive Income
    For the year ended December 31, 2024

                                                                                  Year ended    Year ended
                                                                                  31/12/2024    31/12/2023
                                                                          Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000


      Revenue                                                              5         458,609      522,442
      Cost of sales                                                                 (412,672)     (429,077)


      Gross profit                                                                    45,937       93,365
      Other income                                                         6          15,949       25,288
      Other gains and losses                                               7            371           318
      Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
        net of reversal                                                    8         (21,999)       (6,125)
      Selling expenses                                                               (46,894)      (43,530)
      Research and development expenses                                              (43,760)      (39,063)
      Administrative expenses                                                       (140,600)      (90,888)
      Listing expenses                                                               (26,164)       (3,223)
      Share of results of associates                                       19         (2,662)       (2,105)
      Finance costs                                                        9         (32,807)      (22,846)


      Loss before tax                                                      10       (252,629)      (88,809)
      Income tax credit                                                    11         44,001       13,766


      Loss for the year                                                             (208,628)      (75,043)


      Other comprehensive income (expense)
      Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
      Fair value gain on investments in equity instrument
        at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                    2,233             –


      Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
      Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                 (200)         (495)
      Fair value gain on debt instruments at FVTOCI, net of income tax                    67          238


                                                                                        (133)         (257)


      Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year,
        net of income tax                                                              2,100          (257)


      Total comprehensive expense for the year                                      (206,528)      (75,300)




122 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
        Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024




                                                                       Year ended           Year ended
                                                                       31/12/2024           31/12/2023
                                                            Notes        RMB’000              RMB’000


Loss for the year attributable to
  – Owners of the Company                                                 (210,280)            (73,303)
  – Non-controlling interests                                                1,652              (1,740)


                                                                          (208,628)            (75,043)


Total comprehensive expense for the year attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                 (208,180)            (73,560)
  – Non-controlling interests                                                1,652              (1,740)


                                                                          (206,528)            (75,300)


Loss per share
  – Basic (RMB)                                              14              (2.12)              (0.81)




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 123
    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

    At December 31, 2024

                                                                                 31/12/2024   31/12/2023
                                                                         Notes     RMB’000      RMB’000


      Non-current assets
       Property, plant and equipment                                      15        816,144     690,023
       Right-of-use assets                                                16         78,533      55,310
       Intangible assets                                                  17         11,024      12,787
       Investments in associates                                          19        155,390      36,277
       Investment in a joint venture                                                    469           –
       Equity instrument at FVTOCI                                        20         36,566      34,333
       Contract assets                                                    25         16,428      11,644
       Deferred tax assets                                                21        112,959      68,970
       Prepayment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                    4,335      21,455
       Loan receivables                                                   23          1,320       1,760
       Trade and other receivables                                        24         65,081      12,938


                                                                                  1,298,249     945,497


      Current assets
        Inventories                                                       22        128,753     178,387
        Loan receivables                                                  23          1,430      10,440
        Trade and other receivables                                       24        623,962     486,611
        Contract assets                                                   25         10,370      24,310
        Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                        26         28,697      33,530
        Amounts due from associates                                       34         85,487      63,816
        Amount due from a related party                                   34              –         427
        Other financial asset                                             27         18,502           –
        Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)    28         28,803           –
        Restricted bank deposits                                          29          4,413      21,219
        Cash and cash equivalents                                         29        335,863     333,298


                                                                                  1,266,280    1,152,038
      Current liabilities
        Trade and other payables                                          30        547,694     626,492
        Borrowings                                                        31        520,977     447,989
        Lease liabilities                                                               495         770
        Provisions                                                        33          3,735       3,718
        Contract liabilities                                              32          6,230      13,850
        Amount due to an associate                                        34            118           –
        Amounts due to related parties                                    34          2,395       1,777
        Deferred income                                                   35         49,882       1,341


                                                                                  1,131,526    1,095,937


      Net current assets                                                            134,754      56,101


      Total assets less current liabilities                                       1,433,003    1,001,598


124 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                       At December 31, 2024




                                                                                       31/12/2024              31/12/2023
                                                                      Notes              RMB’000                 RMB’000


 Capital and reserves
   Share capital                                                        36                   104,710               92,829
   Reserves                                                                                  886,315              472,562


   Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                              991,025              565,391


   Non-controlling interests                                                                   1,883                  231
 Total equity                                                                                992,908              565,622


 Non-current liabilities
  Borrowings                                                            31                   405,602              389,160
  Lease liabilities                                                                              519                  372
  Provisions                                                            33                     7,771                6,810
  Deferred income                                                       35                    26,203               39,634


                                                                                             440,095              435,976


                                                                                        1,433,003               1,001,598


The consolidated financial statements on pages 122 to 216 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors
on March 27, 2025 and are signed on its behalf by:




                           Mr. Wu Pinfang                                     Mr. Wang Kai
                                Director                                          Director




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 125
    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

    For the year ended December 31, 2024

                                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                  Share-
                                                                                                                                   based                                    Non-
                                                             Share       Share      Capital       FVTOCI     Translation         payment Accumulated                  controlling
                                                            capital   premium       reserve       reserve        reserve          reserve      losses    Sub-total      interests      Total
                                                           RMB'000    RMB'000      RMB'000       RMB'000       RMB'000           RMB'000     RMB'000     RMB'000        RMB'000     RMB'000


      At January 1, 2023                                    90,044     731,614       (5,258)       15,840              –                –    (220,373)    611,867            (29)   611,838
      Loss for the year                                          –            –           –             –              –                –     (73,303)     (73,303)       (1,740)    (75,043)
      Other comprehensive income (expense)
        for the year                                             –            –           –          238            (495)               –           –         (257)            –        (257)


      Total comprehensive income (expense)
        for the year                                             –            –           –          238            (495)               –     (73,303)     (73,560)       (1,740)    (75,300)
      Issue of restricted shares (Note 36)                   2,785      19,495            –             –              –                –           –      22,280              –     22,280
      Capital contribution from non-controlling
        shareholders                                             –            –           –             –              –                –           –            –         2,000       2,000
      Recognition of equity-settled share-based
        payments (Note 37)                                       –            –           –             –              –           4,804            –       4,804              –       4,804


      At December 31, 2023                                  92,829     751,109       (5,258)       16,078           (495)          4,804     (293,676)    565,391            231    565,622


      (Loss) profit for the year                                 –            –           –             –              –                –    (210,280)   (210,280)         1,652    (208,628)
      Other comprehensive income (expense)
        for the year                                             –            –           –         2,300           (200)               –           –       2,100              –       2,100


      Total comprehensive income (expense)
        for the year                                             –            –           –         2,300           (200)               –    (210,280)   (208,180)         1,652    (206,528)
      Issue of shares (Note 36)                              5,881     219,480            –             –              –                –           –     225,361              –    225,361
      Issue of shares upon the initial public offering
        (“IPO”) (Note 36)                                    6,000     354,734            –             –              –                –           –     360,734              –    360,734
      Transaction costs attribute to issue of new shares         –      (12,764)          –             –              –                –           –     (12,764)             –     (12,764)
      Recognition of equity-settled share-based
        payments (Note 37)                                       –            –           –             –              –          60,483            –      60,483              –     60,483


      At December 31, 2024                                 104,710    1,312,559      (5,258)       18,378           (695)         65,287     (503,956)    991,025          1,883    992,908




126 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                         Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2024

                                                                                  Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                  31/12/2024           31/12/2023
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Loss before tax                                                                      (252,629)            (88,809)
Adjustments for:
  Interest income from banks                                                           (1,695)             (1,397)
  Interest income on loan receivables                                                    (574)                  –
  Finance costs                                                                        32,807              22,846
  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                       (73)                  –
  Gain on termination of lease contracts                                                  (37)                  –
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                        51,914              28,738
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                   3,696               2,448
  Write-down of inventories                                                             1,791                 488
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                     1,763               1,761
  Release of assets-related government subsidies                                       (2,062)               (621)
  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal                  21,999               6,125
  Share of results of associates                                                        2,662               2,105
  Unrealised gains relating to transactions with associates, net of reversal            1,018               7,471
  Equity-settled share-based payment expenses                                          60,483               4,804


Operating cash flow before movements in working capital                               (78,937)            (14,041)
Decrease in inventories                                                                47,843             111,740
Decrease in debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                  4,912              36,412
Increase in trade and other receivables                                              (213,065)           (103,620)
Decrease (increase) in contract assets                                                 11,282             (10,717)
Increase in amounts due from associates                                               (22,556)            (62,185)
Increase in provisions                                                                   978                5,156
Increase in trade and other payables                                                 164,549               57,643
Increase in amounts due to related parties                                               618                1,610
Increase (decrease) in amount due to an associate                                        118               (9,002)
Decrease in contract liabilities                                                       (7,620)             (3,871)
Increase (decrease) in deferred income                                                 28,533                (764)


Cash (used in) from operations                                                        (63,345)              8,361
Income tax paid                                                                             –                   –


Net cash (used in) from operating activities                                          (63,345)              8,361




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 127
    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
    For the year ended December 31, 2024




                                                                            Year ended    Year ended
                                                                            31/12/2024    31/12/2023
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000


      INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Interest received from banks                                               1,695         1,397
      Assets-related government subsidies received                               8,639             –
      Proceeds on disposal of associates                                          384           100
      Purchase of other financial asset                                        (18,502)            –
      Purchases of a financial asset at FVTPL                                  (28,803)            –
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                               (203,086)     (222,601)
      Payments for right-of-use assets                                         (25,925)            –
      Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                     425              –
      Investments in associates                                               (123,177)      (20,641)
      Investment in a joint venture                                               (469)            –
      Placement of restricted bank deposits                                    (24,504)     (121,964)
      Withdraw of restricted bank deposits                                      41,310      127,216
      Loan to third parties                                                       (452)      (10,000)
      Loan to a staff                                                                –        (2,200)
      Advance payment of investment in an associate                             (1,438)            –
      Repayments of loan from a third party                                     10,000             –
      Interest received from a staff                                                76             –


      Net cash used in investing activities                                   (363,827)     (248,693)


      FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      Interest paid                                                            (32,297)      (29,291)
      Contribution from non-controlling shareholders                                 –         2,000
      Proceeds from issue of restricted shares                                       –       22,280
      Proceeds from issue of new ordinary shares                                28,600             –
      Payments for transaction costs for the issue of new ordinary shares       (3,239)            –
      Proceeds from issue of shares upon the IPO                               360,734             –
      Payment of transaction costs attributable to issue of shares             (11,784)         (700)
      New borrowing raised                                                     528,650      576,715
      Repayment of borrowings                                                 (440,014)     (274,000)
      Advanced receipt of investment                                                 –      200,000
      Payments of lease liabilities                                             (1,158)         (454)


      Net cash from financing activities                                       429,492      496,550


      Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                  2,320      256,218


      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                       333,298       76,897
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                     245           183


      Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                         335,863      333,298

128 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                    For the Year ended December 31, 2024

1.	GENERAL INFORMATION
   Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen Energy Equipment Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was established in the People’s Republic of
   China (the “PRC”) on June 13, 2016 as a limited liability company. On August 31, 2020, the Company was converted
   into a joint stock company with limited liability under the Company Law of the PRC. The Company’s shares have been
   listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited since November 15, 2024 (the “Listing”). The
   address of the registered office and the principal place of business of the Company is No. 236 Guotai North Road,
   Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu Province, PRC.


   The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are production and sale of hydrogen
   equipment. Particulars and principal activities of the subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 45.


   The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as the functional currency
   of the Company.


2.	APP L I C ATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS A C C OUNTING
    STANDARDS
   Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are mandatorily effective for the current
   year
   In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the
   International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s
   annual period beginning on January 1, 2024 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:


   Amendments to IFRS 16                                Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
   Amendments to IAS 1                                  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
   Amendments to IAS 1                                  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
   Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                       Supplier Finance Arrangements


   The application of the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had no material impact on the
   Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these
   consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 129
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    2.	APP L I C ATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS A C C OUNTING
        STANDARDS (continued)
           New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
           The Group has not early applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued but
           are not yet effective:


           Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                                Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                                             Instruments3
           Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                                Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity3
           Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                             Associate or Joint Venture1
           Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards                        Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 113
           Amendments to IAS 21                                           Lack of Exchangeability2
           IFRS 18                                                        Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4

           1
                     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
           2
                     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025.
           3
                     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026.
           4
                     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027.




130 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the Year ended December 31, 2024




2.	APP L I C ATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS A C C OUNTING
    STANDARDS (continued)
     The application of IFRS 18 has impact on presentation of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income and no impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance. Except for IFRS 18, the
     directors of the Company anticipate that the application of these amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will have
     no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in foreseeable future.


3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     3.1    Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued
            by the IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered
            material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition,
            the consolidated financial statements include the applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing
            the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by the Hong Kong Companies
            Ordinance.


            The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a
            reasonable expectation that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the
            foreseeable future. Thus they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the
            consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 131
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information
                  Basis of consolidation
                  The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
                  controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:


                  •      has power over the investee;


                  •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and


                  •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


                  The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
                  changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


                  Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
                  Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of
                  during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                  from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.


                  Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and
                  to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the
                  Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
                  balance.


                  When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
                  policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.


                  All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
                  members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


                  Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
                  represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
                  relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.


                  Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
                  Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
                  subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components
                  of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the
                  subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-controlling interests
                  according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests.


                  Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of
                  the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

132 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the Year ended December 31, 2024




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Investments in subsidiaries
           Investments in subsidiaries are stated in the statement of financial position of the Company at cost less
           identified impairment loss, if any.


           Investments in associates
           An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
           participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over
           those policies.


           The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements
           using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates used for equity accounting
           purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events
           in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the
           consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of
           the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. Changes in net assets of the associates
           other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted
           in changes in ownership interest held by the Group.


           An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee
           becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the investment
           over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised
           as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share
           of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment,
           is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.


           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired.
           When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested
           for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of
           value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is
           not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any
           reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable
           amount of the investment subsequently increases.


           When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a disposal of the
           entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.


           When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the transactions
           with the associate are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the
           associate that are not related to the Group.


                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024 133
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Changes in the Group’s interests in associates
                  Acquisition of additional interests in associates

                  When the Group increases its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the equity
                  method, goodwill is recognised at acquisition date if there is excess of the consideration paid over the share
                  of carrying amount of net assets attributable to the additional interests in associates acquired. Any excess of
                  share of carrying amount of net assets attributable to the additional interests in associates acquired over the
                  consideration paid are recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which the additional interest are acquired.


                  Revenue from contracts with customers
                  Information about the Group’s accounting policies relating to contracts with customers is provided in Notes 5,
                  25 and 32.


                  Property, plant and equipment
                  Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods
                  or services, or for administrative purposes other than construction in progress as described below. Property,
                  plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent
                  accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


                  Properties and equipment in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purpose are
                  carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing
                  the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
                  management, including costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly and, for qualifying
                  assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy. Depreciation of these
                  assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.


                  When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land and
                  building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in
                  proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments
                  can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated
                  statement of financial position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease
                  building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as
                  property, plant and equipment.


                  Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than properties under construction less
                  their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives,
                  residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of
                  any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.




134 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the Year ended December 31, 2024




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Property, plant and equipment (continued)
           An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
           are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement
           of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and
           the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.


           Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Costs of inventories are determined on
           a weighted average method. Net realizable value represents the estimate selling price for inventories less all
           estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include
           incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to
           make the sale.


           Leases
           The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 at inception
           of the contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are
           subsequently changed.


           The Group as a lessee

           Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

           For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the
           Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-
           alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


           Non-lease components are separated from lease component and are accounted for by applying other applicable
           standards.


           Short-term leases

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of offices and staff apartments that
           have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option.
           Lease payments on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 135
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Leases (continued)
                  The Group as a lessee (continued)

                  Right-of-use assets

                  The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

                  •       the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability; and

                  •       any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received.

                  Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
                  adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

                  Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the
                  lease term.

                  The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
                  position.


                  Refundable rental deposits

                  Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and initially measured at fair
                  value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included
                  in the cost of right-of-use assets.


                  Lease liabilities

                  At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the present
                  value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the
                  Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the
                  lease is not readily determinable.

                  The lease payments are fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives
                  receivable.

                  After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

                  The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets)
                  whenever:

                  •       the lease term has changed, in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the
                          revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

                  •       a lease contract is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease (see
                          below for the accounting policy for “lease modifications”).


136 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the Year ended December 31, 2024




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Leases (continued)
           The Group as a lessee (continued)

           Lease liabilities (continued)

           The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.


           Lease modifications

           The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:


           •      the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
                  assets; and


           •      the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
                  for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
                  circumstances of the particular contract.


           For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability
           based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised
           discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


           The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
           the relevant right-of-use assets. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more
           additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to
           each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate
           stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


           Sale and leaseback transactions
           The Group applies the requirements of IFRS 15 to assess whether sale and leaseback transaction constitutes a
           sale by the Group.


           The Group as a seller-lessee

           For a transfer that does not satisfy the requirements as a sale, the Group as a seller-lessee continues to
           recognise the assets and accounts for the transfer proceeds as borrowings within the scope of IFRS 9.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 137
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Intangible assets
                  Intangible assets acquired separately
                  Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated
                  amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives
                  is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortization
                  method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being
                  accounted for on a prospective basis.

                  Research and development expenditures
                  Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

                  An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities is recognised if, and only if, all of
                  the following have been demonstrated:

                  •      the technical feasibility of completing the intangible assets so that it will be available for use or sale;

                  •      the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

                  •      the ability to use or sell the intangible assets;

                  •      how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

                  •      the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
                         use or sell the intangible asset; and

                  •      the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                         development.

                  The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred
                  from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-
                  generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the
                  period in which it is incurred.

                  Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated
                  amortization and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are
                  acquired separately.

                  Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
                  assets
                  At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
                  equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any
                  indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable
                  amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any).

                  The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are
                  estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group
                  estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.



138 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the Year ended December 31, 2024




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
           assets (continued)
           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-generating
           unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated
           to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be
           established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating
           units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-
           generating unit or group of cash-generating units.


           Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use,
           the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
           current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating
           unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.


           If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
           amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
           For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent
           basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units,
           including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group
           of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash generating units. In allocating the
           impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying
           amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not
           reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable)
           and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated
           pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognised
           immediately in profit or loss.


           Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit)
           is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does
           not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised
           for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or the group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an
           impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024 139
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Government grants
                  Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
                  conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.


                  Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group
                  recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically,
                  government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire
                  non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position and
                  transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.


                  Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already
                  incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are
                  recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under
                  “other income”.


                  Cash and cash equivalents
                  Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:


                  (a)    cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are subject
                         to regulatory restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash; and


                  (b)    cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or
                         less), highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are
                         subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting
                         short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.


                  Employee benefits
                  Retirement benefit costs

                  Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans including state-managed retirement benefit
                  schemes in the PRC are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the
                  contributions.


                  Short-term employee benefits

                  Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid
                  as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense
                  unless another IFRS Accounting Standard requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.


                  A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual leave) after
                  deducting any amount already paid.
140 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the Year ended December 31, 2024




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Share-based payments
           Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

           Restricted shares granted to employees

           Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at
           the grant date.


           The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into
           consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period,
           based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase
           in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate
           of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting
           conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that
           the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based
           payments reserve. For shares that vest immediately at the date of grant, the fair value of the shares granted is
           expensed immediately to profit or loss.


           When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve will be
           transferred to share premium.


           Taxation
           Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.


           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from loss before tax
           because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable
           or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
           substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.


           Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
           consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
           Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are
           generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits
           will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets
           and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of assets and
           liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time of the
           transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024 141
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Taxation (continued)
                  Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
                  subsidiaries and associates, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference
                  and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets
                  arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognised to the
                  extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits of the
                  temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.


                  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
                  extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset
                  to be recovered.


                  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
                  which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
                  substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.


                  The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
                  the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of each reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
                  amount of its assets and liabilities.


                  For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-
                  of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
                  attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.


                  For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies IAS
                  12 Income Taxes requirements to the lease liabilities and the related assets separately. The Group recognises a
                  deferred tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
                  against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable
                  temporary differences.


                  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
                  against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income tax levied to the same taxable entity by the same
                  taxation authority.


                  Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised
                  in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also
                  recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.




142 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the Year ended December 31, 2024




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Provisions
           Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past
           event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be
           made of the amount of the obligation.


           The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present
           obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding
           the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation,
           its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is
           material).


           Provisions for the expected cost of assurance-type warranty obligations under the relevant contracts with
           customers for sales of products are recognised at the date of sale of the relevant products, at the directors’ best
           estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Group’s obligation.


           Financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
           provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
           derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that
           require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.


           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
           from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15. Transaction costs that
           are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial
           assets and financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or
           financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributed to the acquisition
           of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.


           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
           liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
           rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
           paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or
           discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter
           period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024 143
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Financial instruments (continued)
                  Financial assets

                  Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

                  Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

                  •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
                          and

                  •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                          interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                  Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

                  •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting
                          contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets; and

                  •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                          interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                  All other financial assets the Group hold are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition
                  of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity
                  investment in other comprehensive income if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent
                  consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations
                  applies.

                  A financial asset is held for trading if:

                  •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

                  •       on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
                          together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

                  •       it is a derivative that is not a designated and effective hedging instrument.


                  (i)     Amortised cost and interest income

                          Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                          subsequently at amortised cost and debt instruments subsequently measured at FVTOCI. Interest income
                          is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset,
                          except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial
                          assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the
                          effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the
                          credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer
                          credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying
                          amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination
                          that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

144 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the Year ended December 31, 2024




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)

           (ii)    Debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI

                   Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI as a result
                   of interest income calculated using the effective interest method are recognised in profit or loss. All
                   other changes in the carrying amount of these debt instruments are recognised in other comprehensive
                   income and accumulated under the heading of FVTOCI reserve. Impairment allowances are recognised
                   in profit or loss with corresponding adjustment to other comprehensive income without reducing
                   the carrying amounts of these debt instruments. When these debt instruments are derecognised, the
                   cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit
                   or loss.


           (iii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

                   Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and
                   losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
                   in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will
                   not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to
                   accumulated losses.


           (iv)    Financial assets at FVTPL

                   Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
                   designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.


                   Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair
                   value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss includes
                   any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other gains and losses” line
                   item.


           Impairment of financial assets and contract assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9

           The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit losses (“ECL”) model on financial assets
           (including loan receivables, trade and other receivables, amount due from a related party, amounts due from
           associates, debt instruments at FVTOCI, restricted bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents) and contract
           assets which are subject to impairment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting dates to
           reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024 145
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Financial instruments (continued)
                  Financial assets (continued)

                  Impairment of financial assets and contract assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (continued)

                  Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of
                  the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL
                  that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after each reporting date.
                  Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are
                  specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the
                  reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.


                  The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets.


                  For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a
                  significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognizes lifetime ECL. The
                  assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or
                  risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.


                  (i)    Significant increase in credit risk

                         In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                         compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at each reporting date with the
                         risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this
                         assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
                         supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without
                         undue cost or effort.


                         In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                         increased significantly:


                         •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                                 or internal credit rating;


                         •       significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in
                                 the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;


                         •       existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                                 expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


                         •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


                         •       an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                                 environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                                 debt obligations.

146 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the Year ended December 31, 2024




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)

           Impairment of financial assets and contract assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (continued)

           (i)     Significant increase in credit risk (continued)

                   The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
                   significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable
                   of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


           (ii)    Definition of default

                   For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
                   developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
                   creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).


           (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

                   A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
                   estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
                   credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:


                   (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


                   (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


                   (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                          financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                          otherwise consider; or


                   (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization.


           (iv)    Write-off policy

                   The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty
                   is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                   counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial
                   assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures,
                   taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any
                   subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 147
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Financial instruments (continued)
                  Financial assets (continued)

                  Impairment of financial assets and contract assets subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9 (continued)

                  (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL

                         The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude
                         of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default
                         and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL
                         reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of
                         default occurring as the weights.


                         Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
                         accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
                         effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.


                         Lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets are considered on a collective basis taking
                         into consideration past due information and relevant credit information such as forward looking
                         macroeconomic information.


                         For collective assessment of trade receivables, the Group takes into consideration the following
                         characteristics when formulating the grouping:


                         •       Past-due status; and


                         •       Nature, size and industry of debtors.


                         The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue
                         to share similar credit risk characteristics.


                         Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                         financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of
                         the financial asset.


                         Except for investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, the Group recognizes an
                         impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount,
                         with the exception of trade and other receivables, contract assets, amount due from a related party,
                         and amounts due from associates where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss
                         allowance account. For investments in receivables that are measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is
                         recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve without reducing
                         the carrying amount of these receivables. Such amount represents the changes in the FVTOCI reserve in
                         relation to accumulated loss allowance.




148 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the Year ended December 31, 2024




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2   Material accounting policy information (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)

           Foreign exchange gains and losses

           The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign
           currency and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period.


           For financial assets measured at amortised cost that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange
           differences are recognised in profit or loss in the ‘Other gains and losses’ line item (Note 7) as part of the net
           foreign exchange gains.


           Derecognition of financial assets

           The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the assets
           expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
           asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
           ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset
           and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and
           rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and
           also recognises a collateralized borrowing for the proceeds received.


           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
           amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.


           On derecognition of an investment in debt instruments classified as at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss
           previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.


           On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to
           measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is not reclassified
           to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated losses.


           Financial liabilities and equity

           Classification as debt or equity

           Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with substance
           of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024 149
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    3.     BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
           3.2    Material accounting policy information (continued)
                  Financial instruments (continued)
                  Financial liabilities and equity (continued)

                  Equity instruments

                  An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
                  all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of
                  direct issue costs.


                  Financial liabilities

                  All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.


                  Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                  Financial liabilities including trade and other payables, borrowings, amount due to an associate, and amounts
                  due to related parties are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.


                  Foreign exchange gains and losses

                  For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost at the end
                  of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortised cost
                  of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the ‘Other gains and losses’ line
                  item in profit or loss (note 7) as part of net foreign exchange gains for financial liabilities that are not part of a
                  designated hedging relationship.


                  Derecognition of financial liabilities

                  The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
                  cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
                  and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.


                  Borrowing costs
                  Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
                  are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added
                  to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.




150 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the Year ended December 31, 2024




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (continued)
     3.2     Material accounting policy information (continued)
             Borrowing costs (continued)
             Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or sale is
             included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general borrowings. Investment
             income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying
             assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.


             All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


             Foreign currencies
             In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
             functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on
             the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign
             currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms
             of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


             Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items,
             are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.


             For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
             operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group using exchange rates prevailing at the
             end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the
             period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at
             the date of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive
             income and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve.


4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 3, the directors of the Company are
     required to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are
     not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience
     and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
     recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the
     revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
     end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
     of assets and liabilities within the next fiscal year.



                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024 151
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    4.     KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (continued)
           Estimated impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
           assets
           Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are stated at costs less accumulated
           depreciation/amortization and impairment, if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to
           exercise judgment and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators
           that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount,
           in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based upon the continued
           use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable amounts
           including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable
           amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which the
           assets belong, including allocation of corporate assets when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be
           established, otherwise recoverable amount is determined at the smallest group of cash generating units, for which the
           relevant corporate assets have been allocated. Changing the assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates
           or the growth rate in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the recoverable amounts.


           Detail of the carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are disclosed
           in Notes 15, 16 and 17 respectively, and no impairment loss was recognised by the management of the Group during
           the year ended December 31, 2024 (2023: Nil).


           Provision of ECL for trade receivables and contract assets
           Trade receivables and contract assets with credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually. In addition, the Group uses
           practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables and contract assets, which are not assessed individually using
           a provision matrix. The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors that have
           similar loss patterns taking into consideration the Group’s historical default rates and forward-looking information that
           is reasonable and supportable available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed
           default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered.


           The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade
           receivables and contract assets are disclosed in Note 24, Note 25 and Note 43 respectively.


           Deferred tax assets
           As at December 31, 2024, deferred tax assets of RMB112,959,000 (2023: RMB68,970,000) in relation to
           deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses for certain operating subsidiaries have been recognised in
           the consolidated statement of financial position. No deferred tax asset has been recognised on the tax losses of
           RMB73,199,000 (2023: RMB73,960,000), for certain subsidiaries due to the unpredictability of future profit streams as
           at December 31, 2024. The realizability of the deferred tax asset mainly depends on whether sufficient future profits or
           taxable temporary differences will be available in the future. In cases where the actual future taxable profits generated
           are less or more than expected, or change in facts and circumstances which result in revision of future taxable profits
           estimation, a material reversal or further recognition of deferred tax assets may arise, which would be recognised in
           profit or loss for the period in which such a reversal or further recognition takes place.




152 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the Year ended December 31, 2024




5.	REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
   (i)    Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers


                                                                                         Year ended               Year ended
                                                                                         31/12/2024               31/12/2023
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


           At a point in time recognition:
             – vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and
                  related products                                                           279,089                 301,060
             – equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and related
                  products                                                                   147,945                 123,036
             – water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and
                  related products                                                             31,575                 15,564
             – equipment for hydrogen liquefaction and the storage and
                  transportation of liquid hydrogen                                                  –                82,782


                                                                                             458,609                 522,442



   (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies
          Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


          The Group sells vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and related products, equipment for
          hydrogen refueling stations and related products, equipment for hydrogen liquefaction and the storage and
          transportation of liquid hydrogen, water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and related products
          directly to customers.


          Revenue is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being when the goods have been delivered
          to customers and accepted by customers. Transportation and handling activities that occur before customers
          obtain control are considered as fulfilment activities. Following the customer acceptance, the customer has
          ability to direct the use of the products and bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the products.
          The normal credit term is within one year upon acceptance.


          Retention receivables, prior to expiration of defect liability period, are classified as contract assets, which ranges
          from 1 to 8 years related to vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and related products and
          1 to 2 years related to the remaining products from the date of the acceptance of the products. The contract
          assets are transferred to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional. The Group typically transfers
          a contract asset to trade receivables when the defect liability period expires. The defect liability period serves
          as an assurance that the products comply with agreed-upon specifications and such assurance cannot be
          purchased separately.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024 153
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    5.	REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
           (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies
                   (continued)
                   Sales-related warranties cannot be purchased separately and they serve as an assurance type of warranty that
                   the products sold comply with agreed-upon specifications. Accordingly, the Group accounts for warranties in
                   accordance with IAS 37. Please refer to Note 33 for details.


                   A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the Group has
                   received consideration from the customer.


           (iii)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contract with
                   customers
                   Contracts with customers were for periods of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price
                   allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.


           (iv)    Segment information
                   Information is reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision maker
                   (“CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment focuses on revenue analysis
                   of all products as a whole. The accounting policies are the same as the Group’s accounting policies described
                   in Note 3. No other discrete financial information is provided to the CODM for review other than the Group’s
                   results and financial position as a whole. Accordingly, the CODM has identified one operating segment and only
                   entity-wide disclosures, major customers and geographical information are presented in accordance with IFRS 8
                   Operating Segments.


                   Geographical information
                   The Group primarily operates in the PRC. The Group’s non-current assets are all located in the PRC.


                   Information about major customers
                   Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group
                   are as follows:


                                                                                                          Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                                          31/12/2024          31/12/2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


                       Customer A                                                                              105,930           54,785
                       Customer B                                                                                  45,864        79,981
                       Customer C                                                                                   N/A   1
                                                                                                                                 85,969
                       Customer D                                                                                   N/A1         57,476

                   1
                            The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of total revenue of the Group.



154 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the Year ended December 31, 2024




6.	OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                 Year ended                 Year ended
                                                                                                  31/12/2024                31/12/2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000                   RMB’000


    Government grants (Note)                                                                            12,643                   22,135
    Interest income on banks                                                                             1,695                     1,397
    Rental income                                                                                              –                       44
    Sales of scrap materials                                                                             1,037                     1,712
    Interest income on loan receivables                                                                     574                         –


                                                                                                        15,949                   25,288


   Note:   The amounts represent government grants received from various PRC government authorities as incentives for the Group’s research
           and development activities and acquisition of property, plant and equipment. Some subsidies had certain conditions imposed by the
           respective PRC government authorities. The relevant conditions have been fully met upon recognition.


7.	OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                                 Year ended                 Year ended
                                                                                                  31/12/2024                31/12/2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000                   RMB’000


    Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                        73                         –
    Net foreign exchange gains                                                                              200                        98
    Gain on termination of lease contracts                                                                   37                         –
    Others                                                                                                   61                      220


                                                                                                            371                      318




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 155
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    8.	IMPAIRMENT LOSSES UNDER EXPECTED CREDIT LOSS MODEL, NET OF
        REVERSAL

                                                                                          Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                           31/12/2024       31/12/2023
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000


            Impairment losses, net of reversal, recognised on:
               trade receivables                                                                23,135           5,566
               contract assets                                                                  (2,126)           (543)
               other receivables                                                                   253             262
               amounts due from associates                                                         885             837
               amount due from a related party                                                    (148)              3


                                                                                                21,999           6,125



           Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 43.


    9.	FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                          Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                           31/12/2024       31/12/2023
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000


            Interest on borrowings                                                              33,091          29,447
            Interest on lease liabilities                                                              73           29


                                                                                                33,164          29,476


            Less: amounts capitalised in the cost of construction in progress                     (357)         (6,630)


                                                                                                32,807          22,846



           Borrowing costs capitalised during the year arose on the specific borrowings and are calculated by applying a
           capitalisation rate of 3.95% (2023: 3.90%) per annum to expenditure on qualifying assets.




156 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                        For the Year ended December 31, 2024




10. LOSS BEFORE TAX
   Loss before tax for the year has been arrived at after charging:


                                                                           Year ended           Year ended
                                                                           31/12/2024           31/12/2023
                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


    Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (Note 12)                            21,887               5,386
    Other staff costs:
      – salaries and other benefits                                             79,699              70,723
      – discretionary bonuses                                                    1,382               4,072
      – retirement benefit scheme contributions                                 17,668              12,825
      – equity-settled share-based payments                                     42,640               3,425


    Total staff costs                                                         163,276               96,431
    Capitalised in inventories                                                 (28,768)            (21,323)


                                                                              134,508               75,108


    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                               51,914              28,738
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                          3,696               2,448
    Amortisation of intangible assets                                            1,763               1,761


    Total depreciation and amortization                                         57,373              32,947


    Capitalised in inventories                                                 (25,529)            (12,781)
    Capitalised in property, plant and equipment                                     –              (1,077)


                                                                                31,844              19,089


    Auditors’ remuneration                                                       2,300               1,575
    Cost of inventories recognised as expenses
      (including write-down of inventories amounting to
      RMB1,791,000 (2023: RMB488,000))                                        412,672              429,077




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024 157
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    11.	INCOME TAX CREDIT

                                                                                           Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                            31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


            Current tax                                                                                  –                  –
            Deferred tax (Note 21)                                                                 (44,001)           (13,766)


                                                                                                   (44,001)           (13,766)



           Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law,
           the statutory tax rate of the Company and the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.


           The Company was accredited as a “High and New Technical Enterprise” (“HNTE”) in November 2021 and November
           2024, respectively. Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Cloud New Energy Research Institute Co., Ltd. (張家港氫雲新能源研究院有
           限公司) (“Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute”) was accredited as a HNTE in November 2023. So the Company and
           Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute were both entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for both years.


           Beijing Guofu Wanjia Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (北京國富萬家氫能科技有限公司) (“Beijing Guofu”),
           Sichuan Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (四川國富氫能科技有限公司) (“Sichuan Guofu”), Shanghai
           Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology Equipment Co., Ltd. (上海國富氫能技術裝備有限公司) (“Shanghai Guofu”),
           Shanghai Qingping Technology Equipment Co., Ltd. ( 上 海 氫 平 技 術 裝 備 有 限 公 司 ) (“Shanghai Qingping”) and
           Shanghai Qingmai Engineering Technology Co., Ltd. (上海氫邁工程技術有限公司) (“Shanghai Qingmai”), subsidiaries
           of the Group, were subject to “small and thin-profit enterprises” and would benefit from a preferential tax rate of
           20% under the EIT Law. The qualifying group entities enjoyed 87.5% reduction on annual taxable income on first
           RMB1,000,000 and 50% reduction between the annual taxable income of RMB1,000,000 to RMB3,000,000 for both
           years.




158 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the Year ended December 31, 2024




11.	INCOME TAX CREDIT (continued)
    The tax credit for the year can be reconciled to the loss before tax per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
    other comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                                   Year ended                 Year ended
                                                                                                    31/12/2024                31/12/2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000                   RMB’000


     Loss before tax                                                                                   (252,629)                   (88,809)
     Income tax expense calculated at 25%                                                               (63,157)                   (22,202)
     Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible for tax purpose                                        1,435                     3,052
     Tax effect of additional deduction of research and
        development expenses (note)                                                                     (11,770)                    (8,634)
     Tax effect of deductible temporary differences not recognised                                            (74)                       35
     Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                               2,836                     4,767
     Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                                  (3,026)                         –
     Income tax at concessionary rates                                                                   29,755                      9,216


                                                                                                        (44,001)                   (13,766)


    Note:   Pursuant to Caishui 2023 circular No. 7, the Group are entitled to claim 200% qualified research and development expenses incurred
            as tax deductible expenses when determining their assessable profit for both years.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 159
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    12.	DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S EMOLUMENTS
        AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
           Executive and non-executive directors and supervisors


            Name                              Position                             Date of appointment


            Mr. Wu Pinfang                    Chief executive officer              March 23, 2020
                                              Executive Director
            Mr. Wang Kai                      Executive Director                   October 13, 2017
            Mr. Shi Jian                      Executive director                   April 10, 2021
            Mr. Zhou Lin                      Non-executive director               September 18, 2019
            Mr. Gu Yanjun                     Non-executive director               October 13, 2017
            Ms. Liu Yilin                     Non-executive director               January 2, 2024
            Mr. He Guangliang                 Supervisor                           August 12, 2020
            Mr. Fu Jiong                      Supervisor                           August 12, 2020
                                                                                     (Resigned on February 21, 2023)
            Ms. Cai Yan                       Supervisor                           August 12, 2020
                                                                                     (Resigned on February 21, 2023)
            Ms. Zhao Jing                     Supervisor                           February 21, 2023
            Mr. Kuang Kaifeng                 Supervisor                           February 21, 2023
            Mr. Zhang Yongjun                 Independent non-executive director   August 20, 2021
            Mr. Zou Jiasheng                  Independent non-executive director   August 20,2021
            Mr. Chen Heping                   Independent non-executive director   April 20, 2021
                                                                                     (Resigned on February 18, 2024)
            Ms. Tong Sze Wan                  Independent non-executive director   February 18, 2024




160 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the Year ended December 31, 2024




12.	DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S EMOLUMENTS
    AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (continued)
    Executive and non-executive directors and supervisors (continued)
    Details of the emoluments paid or payable to the directors and supervisors of the Company for the service provided to
    the Group during both years are as follows:


                                                           Retirement
                                              Salaries         benefit          Share-
                                            and other          scheme            based Discretionary
                                              benefits contributions        payments          bonuses             Total
                                             RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


    For the year ended
      December 31, 2024
    Executive directors:
    Mr. Wu Pinfang                                 672                –          9,830             200          10,702
    Mr. Wang Kai                                   624              74                –            100             798
    Mr. Shi Jian                                   422              74             207              43             746


    Non-executive directors:
    Mr. Zhou Lin                                    70                –               –               –              70
    Mr. Gu Yanjun                                   70                –               –               –              70
    Ms. Liu Yilin                                   70                –               –               –              70


    Independent non-executive
      directors:
    Mr. Zhang Yongjun                               80                –               –               –              80
    Mr. Zou Jiasheng                                80                –               –               –              80
    Mr. Chen Heping                                 33                –               –               –              33
    Ms. Tong Sze Wan                               143                –               –               –            143


    Supervisors:
    Mr. He Guangliang                              254              45           5,458              43           5,800
    Ms. Zhao Jing                                  302              63           2,070              66           2,501
    Mr. Kuang Kaifeng                              432              74             278              10             794


                                                  3,252            330          17,843             462          21,887




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 161
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    12.	DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S EMOLUMENTS
        AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (continued)
           Executive and non-executive directors and supervisors (continued)


                                                                   Retirement
                                                      Salaries         benefit         Share-
                                                    and other          scheme          based     Discretionary
                                                      benefits   contributions      payments          bonuses           Total
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


           For the year ended
             December 31, 2023
           Executive directors:
           Mr. Wu Pinfang                                 671               –             742             200           1,613
           Mr. Wang Kai                                   623             109               –             100             832
           Mr. Shi Jian                                   422             109              17              50             598

           Non-executive directors:
           Mr. Zhou Lin                                    70                –               –               –              70
           Mr. Gu Yanjun                                   70                –               –               –              70

           Independent non-executive
             directors:
           Mr. Zhang Yongjun                               80                –               –               –              80
           Mr. Zou Jiasheng                                80                –               –               –              80
           Mr. Chen Heping                                 80                –               –               –              80

           Supervisors:
           Mr. He Guangliang                              200              60             431              81             772
           Mr. Fu Jiong                                    62              16               –               –              78
           Ms. Cai Yan                                     35              10               –               –              45
           Ms. Zhao Jing                                  240              79             172              55             546
           Mr. Kuang Kaifeng                              360              80              17              65             522


                                                        2,993             463           1,379             551           5,386


           The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of the
           affairs of the Company and the Group.

           The discretionary bonuses are determined based on the duties and performances of the relevant individuals and the
           operating result of the Group.

           None of the directors of the Company waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the years ended December
           31, 2024 and 2023.

           During the year ended December 31, 2023, certain directors and supervisors were granted restricted shares, in respect
           of their services to the Group, details are set out in Note 37 to the consolidated financial statements.


162 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the Year ended December 31, 2024




12.	DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S EMOLUMENTS
    AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (continued)
    Five highest paid employees
    The five highest paid individuals of the Group during the year included one (2023: two) director of the Company.
    Details of whose remuneration are set out above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four (2023:
    three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive officer of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                     Year ended              Year ended
                                                                                      31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


     Salaries and other benefits                                                            1,779                   795
     Discretionary bonuses                                                                    141                   968
     Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                                  268                   231
     Share-based payments                                                                  19,312                   824


                                                                                           21,500                 2,818


    The emoluments of the five highest paid individuals are within the following bands:


                                                                                     Year ended              Year ended
                                                                                      31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                            No. of                No. of
                                                                                      Individuals             individuals


     Nil to Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) 1,000,000                                                  –                     2
     HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                –                     2
     HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                –                     1
     HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                                1                     –
     HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                1                     –
     HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                                1                     –
     HK$11,500,001 to HK$12,000,000                                                              1                     –
     HK$12,000,001 to HK$12,500,000                                                              1                     –


                                                                                                 5                     5


    During the both years, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the executive director, non-executive
    directors, independent non-executive directors, or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon
    joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.


13.	DIVIDENDS
    No dividend was paid or declared by the Company during 2024, nor has any dividend been proposed since the end of
    the reporting period (2023: Nil).



                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 163
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    14. LOSS PER SHARE

                                                                                            Year ended              Year ended
                                                                                             31/12/2024            31/12/2023


            Loss (RMB’000):
            Loss for the purpose of calculating basic loss per share                            (210,280)              (73,303)


            Number of shares ('000):
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
               basic loss per share calculation                                                   99,406                90,075


            Loss per share (RMB)
            – Basic                                                                                 (2.12)                (0.81)



           No diluted loss per share for both 2024 and 2023 were presented as there was no potential ordinary shares in issue for
           both 2024 and 2023.




164 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the Year ended December 31, 2024




15.	PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                            Buildings    Machinery
                                  and          and      Furniture       Motor Construction
                            structures   equipment     and fixture    vehicles    in progress       Total
                             RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


    COST
    At January 1, 2023        217,080       78,982         19,698        3,844       284,386      603,990
    Additions                   3,906       11,315          3,028          77        134,713      153,039
    Transfers                 321,256        7,129            372            –      (328,757)           –


    At December 31, 2023      542,242       97,426         23,098        3,921        90,342      757,029
    Additions                   2,035        7,737          2,796        1,373       164,446      178,387
    Transfers                  17,885      135,356               –           –      (153,241)           –
    Disposals                       –             –          (162)        (752)            –         (914)


    At December 31, 2024      562,162      240,519         25,732        4,542       101,547      934,502


    DEPRECIATION
    At January 1, 2023        (16,053)      (15,221)        (5,741)     (1,253)            –      (38,268)
    Provided for the year     (14,652)       (8,131)        (5,241)       (714)            –      (28,738)


    At December 31, 2023      (30,705)      (23,352)      (10,982)      (1,967)            –      (67,006)
    Provided for the year     (28,812)      (16,813)        (5,599)       (690)            –      (51,914)
    Disposals                       –             –            78         484              –          562


    At December 31, 2024      (59,517)      (40,165)      (16,503)      (2,173)            –     (118,358)


    CARRYING AMOUNTS
    At December 31, 2023      511,537       74,074         12,116        1,954        90,342      690,023


    At December 31, 2024      502,645      200,354          9,229        2,369       101,547      816,144




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 165
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    15.	PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
           The above items of property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are depreciated on a straight-
           line basis, after taking into account of the residual value, over the following period:


           Buildings and structures                                         10 – 20 years
           Machinery and equipment                                          8 – 10 years
           Motor vehicles                                                   5 years
           Furniture and fixture                                            3 – 5 years


           The Group has pledged buildings and construction in progress with carrying amounts of RMB503,988,000 (2023:
           RMB457,224,000) and equipment with carrying amounts of RMB22,367,000 (2023: Nil) to secure general banking
           facilities granted to the Group.


    16.	RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                          Leasehold                   Leased
                                                                                lands            properties                Total
                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000            RMB’000


            At January 1, 2023                                                56,151                     365              56,516
            Addition for the year                                                     –                1,242               1,242
            Depreciation charge for the year                                   (1,973)                  (475)             (2,448)


            At December 31, 2023                                              54,178                   1,132              55,310
            Addition for the year                                             25,925                   1,498              27,423
            Termination of lease contract                                             –                 (504)               (504)
            Depreciation charge for the year                                   (2,694)                 (1,002)            (3,696)


            At December 31, 2024                                              77,409                   1,124              78,533


                                                                                                Year ended            Year ended
                                                                                                31/12/2024           31/12/2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


            Expenses relating to short-term leases                                                       563                 242
            Total cash outflow for leases                                                             27,646                 725



           During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the leasehold lands of the Group represented the prepaid lease
           payment for lands located in the PRC with the fixed period of 30 years to 50 years. The remaining lease term is 25 years
           to 47 years as at December 31, 2024 (2023: 26 years to 48 years).




166 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the Year ended December 31, 2024




16.	RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (continued)
    For both years, the Group leased various properties for its operating activities. Lease contracts were entered into for
    fixed terms of 2 years to 3 years (2023: 14 months to 3 years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and
    contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the
    non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract
    is enforceable.


    The Group has pledged leasehold lands with carrying amounts of RMB77,409,000 (2023: RMB54,178,000) to secure
    general banking facilities granted to the Group.


    The Group’s lease liabilities of RMB1,014,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of RMB1,124,000 as at
    December 31, 2024 (2023: lease liabilities of RMB1,142,000 and related right-of-use assets of RMB1,132,000). The
    lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by
    the lessor. Except for the leasehold lands, leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


    The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for various properties. As at December 31, 2024 and 2023, the
    portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense
    disclosed above.


    Sale and leaseback transactions – seller-lessee
    To better manage the Group’s capital structure and financing needs, the Group sometimes enters into sale and
    leaseback arrangements in relation to machinery leases. These legal transfers do not satisfy the requirements of
    IFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale of the machinery. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group has
    raised borrowings of RMB44,711,000 (2023: Nil) in respect of such sale and leaseback arrangements. Details of the
    borrowings are set out in Note 31.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 167
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    17.	INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                       Non-patented
                                                                        technologies                  Patent                   Total
                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000


            COST
            At January 1, 2023 and December 31,
               2023 and 2024                                                   16,324                   1,941                 18,265


            AMORTISATION
            At January 1, 2023                                                  (3,265)                  (452)                (3,717)
            Charge for the year                                                 (1,632)                  (129)                (1,761)


            At December 31, 2023                                                (4,897)                  (581)                (5,478)
            Charge for the year                                                 (1,634)                  (129)                (1,763)


            At December 31, 2024                                                (6,531)                  (710)                (7,241)


            CARRYING AMOUNTS
            At December 31, 2023                                               11,427                   1,360                 12,787


            At December 31, 2024                                                9,793                   1,231                 11,024


           The above intangible assets have finite useful lives. Such intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over the
           following periods:


           Non-patented technologies                                        10 years
           Patent                                                           15 years




168 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




18.	IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT ON PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, RIGHT-
    OF-USE ASSETS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
   For the purpose of impairment testing, property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets as set
   out in Note 15, 16 and 17 respectively, belong to a single cash-generating unit (“CGU”) according to the operating
   segment the Group has identified.


   Due to the loss of the CGU for both years, the management of the Group concluded there was indication of
   impairment loss and conducted impairment assessment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and
   intangible assets with carrying amounts of RMB905,701,000 as at December 31, 2024 (2023: RMB758,120,000).


   The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation, which uses cash flow
   projections based on financial budgets approved by the management of the Group. The financial budgets covered a
   six-year period (the “Period”) since the management anticipated a longer time for the Group to reach a stable growth
   state, especially taking into account the fact that the hydrogen energy industry is in its early developing stage with fast
   growth and the Group is going to develop rapidly in the coming years. The key assumptions of the financial budgets
   included annual growth rates within the Period, growth rate to extrapolate cash flows beyond the Period and pre-tax
   discount rate. The values to the assigned key assumptions were determined based on the CGU’s past performance
   and management expectations for the market development. During the Period, the annual growth rates ranged
   from 11.98% to 76.65% as at December 31, 2024 (2023: 6.33% to 76.65%). The cash flows beyond the Period
   are extrapolated using 2% growth rate, which is based on the industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the
   long-term average growth rate for the relevant industry. Pre-tax discount rate of 12.42% was used to reflect market
   assessment of time value and the specific risks relating to the CGU for the impairment review as at December 31, 2024
   (2023: 12.52%).


   Management of the Group determined that there was no impairment on the CGU for both years.


19.	INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                        31/12/2024              31/12/2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000


    Cost of investments in associates                                                       169,909                  47,116
    Share of loss and total comprehensive expenses                                            (5,900)                (3,238)
    Unrealised gains relating to transactions with associates,
      net of reversal                                                                         (8,619)                (7,601)


                                                                                            155,390                  36,277




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 169
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    19.	INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
           Details of each of the Group’s principal associates at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                        Proportion of ownership
                                                       Country of    Principal place   interest and voting rights
            Name of associates                         incorporation of business           held by the Group        Principal activities
                                                                                       31/12/2024     31/12/2023


            Jiangsu Jiahua Hydrogen Technology         China         Jiangsu                 10%             10%    Sales of hydrogen-related
               Co., Ltd. (江蘇嘉化氫能科技有限公司)                                                                               equipment
               (“Jiahua Hydrogen”) (Note i)

            Qilu Hydrogen Energy (Shandong)            China         Shandong             22.50%          22.50%    Sales of hydrogen-related
              Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                   equipment
              (齊魯氫能（山東）發展有限公司)
              (“Qilu Hydrogen”)

            Huajiu Hydrogen Energy (Henan) Co., Ltd.   China         Henan                13.02%          13.02%    Sales of chemical products
              (華久氫能源（河南）有限公司)
              (“Huajiu Hydrogen”) (Note ii)

            Manas Longshengda Yudu Hydrogen            China         Xinjiang             40.00%          40.00%    Sales of hydrogen-related
             Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                     equipment
             (瑪納斯隆盛達玉都氫能科技有限公司)
             (“Yudu Hydrogen”) (Note iii)

            Inner Mongolia Mengfa Guofu Hydrogen       China         Inner Mongolia       40.00%                –   Sales of hydrogen refueling
              Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                             stations equipment and
              (內蒙古蒙发国富氢能科技有限公司)                                                                                       related products
              (“Mengfa Guofu”) (Note iv)

            Broaden Energy Hydrogen Solutions-L.L.C    United Arab   Abu Dhabi            20.00%                –   Sales of hydrogen related
              (“Broaden Energy”) (Note v)              Emirates                                                       equipment

            Urumqi Outejie Environmental Protection    China         Xinjiang             45.00%          45.00%    Sales of hydrogen refueling
              Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                    stations equipment and
              (烏魯木齊市歐特捷環保科技有限公司)                                                                                      related products
              (“Urumqi Outejie”) (Note vi)

            Hutubi Longshengda Jinhua Hydrogen         China         Xinjiang             40.00%                –   Sales of hydrogen refueling
              Technology Service Co., Ltd.                                                                            stations equipment and
              (呼圖壁隆盛達錦華氫能科技服務                                                                                         related products
              有限公司) (“Longshengda Jinhua”)
              (Note vii)




170 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the Year ended December 31, 2024




19.	INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
    Notes:

    i.          The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Jiahua Hydrogen because it has the power to appoint one out of the five
                directors of Jiahua Hydrogen under the articles of association of Jiahua Hydrogen.

    ii.         The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Huajiu Hydrogen because it has the power to appoint two out of the five
                directors of Huajiu Hydrogen under the articles of association of Huajiu Hydrogen.

    iii.        In September 2023, Xinjiang Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology Service Co., Ltd. (新疆國富氫能科技服務有限公司) (“Xinjiang
                Guofu”), a subsidiary of the Group, entered into an agreement with an independent third party to acquire 40% subscription interest
                in Yudu Hydrogen with a consideration of Nil. The net assets of Yudu Hydrogen were Nil on the acquisition date as it had no operation
                since incorporation. Upon completion of the acquisition, Xinjiang Guofu contributed cash of RMB4,240,000 as capital injection in Yudu
                Hydrogen by December 2023. In January and April 2024, Xinjiang Guofu contributed cash of RMB7,760,000 in total as additional
                capital injection in Yudu Hydrogen.

    iv.         In February 2024, the Group contributed cash of RMB100,000,000 as capital injection in Mengfa Guofu and held 40% of its voting
                rights as at December 31, 2024.

    v.          In May and December 2024, Guofuhee Holdings Pte. Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, contributed cash of United States dollars (“USD”)
                800,000 (equivalent to RMB5,751,000) as capital injection in Broaden Energy and held 20% of its voting rights as at December 31,
                2024.

    vi.         In October 2023, Xinjiang Guofu, a subsidiary of the Group, contributed cash of RMB945,000 as capital injection in Urumqi Outejie.
                In March, June and July 2024, Xinjiang Guofu contributed cash of RMB6,525,000 as additional capital injection in Urumqi Outejie and
                held 45% of its voting rights as at December 31, 2024.

    vii.        In June and August 2024, Xinjiang Guofu, a subsidiary of the Group, contributed cash of RMB1,800,000 as capital injection in
                Longshengda Jinhua and held 40% of its voting rights as at December 31, 2024.


    All of these associates are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.


    Summarised financial information of a material associate
    Mengfa Guofu


                                                                                                          31/12/2024                 31/12/2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000                    RMB’000


          Current assets                                                                                      196,725                            –


          Non-current assets                                                                                    70,090                           –


          Current liabilities                                                                                   19,324                           –




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024 171
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    19.	INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
           Summarised financial information of a material associate (continued)
           Mengfa Guofu (continued)


                                                                                           Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                           31/12/2024             31/12/2023
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


            Revenue                                                                                  92                     –


            Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                                    (2,509)                    –



           Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in the associate
           recognised in the consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                           31/12/2024             31/12/2023
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


            Net assets of Mengfa Guofu                                                         247,491                      –
            Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest in Mengfa Guofu                           40%                      –
            The Group’s share of net assets of Mengfa Guofu                                     98,996                      –


            Adjustment of unrealised gains relating to transactions with
               Mengfa Guofu                                                                        (701)                    –


            Carrying amount of the Group’s interest in Mengfa Guofu                             98,295                      –



           Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material


                                                                                           Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                           31/12/2024             31/12/2023
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000


            The Group’s share of loss and total comprehensive expenses                           (1,658)               (2,105)


            Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interests
               in these associates                                                              57,095                36,277




172 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




20.	EQUITY INSTRUMENT AT FVTOCI

                                                                                        31/12/2024              31/12/2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


    Unlisted equity investment, at fair value
      – Lingniu New Energy Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
           (羚牛新能源科技（上海）有限公司) (“Lingniu”)                                                      36,566                 34,333



   The above unlisted equity investment represents the Group’s equity interest of 14.31% in Lingniu, a private entity
   established in the PRC.


   The directors of the Company have elected to designate the investment in equity instrument at FVTOCI as they believed
   that recognizing short-term fluctuations in this investment’s fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the
   Group’s strategy of holding this investment for long-term purposes and realising its performance potential in the long
   run.


   The fair value of the unlisted equity instrument as at December 31, 2024 was determined by directors of the Company
   with reference to valuation reports carried out by an independent qualified professional valuer, AVISTA Valuation
   Advisory Limited (艾華迪評估諮詢有限公司).


   The fair value of the unlisted equity instrument as at December 31, 2023 was determined with reference to the issue
   price included in Lingniu’s investment agreements with independent investors in that year.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 173
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    21.	DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
           The followings are the major deferred tax assets recognised and movements thereon during the current and prior years:


                                                  Fair value
                                                    change                                                          Share
                                                    of debt         ECL                  Accrued    Deferred        based
                                                instruments    provision   Tax losses   expenses     income       payment    Others       Total
                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000   RMB’000     RMB’000


            At January 1, 2023                           87      11,891       26,167       5,256       5,786        5,889       170      55,246
            Credit (charge) to profit or loss             –         917       11,541        772         (244)         720        60      13,766
            Charge to the other comprehensive
              income                                    (42)           –           –           –           –            –         –         (42)


            At December 31, 2023                         45      12,808       37,708       6,028       5,542        6,609       230      68,970
            Credit (charge) to profit or loss             –       3,315       26,629        (596)      5,312        9,072       269      44,001
            Charge to the other comprehensive
              income                                    (12)           –           –           –           –            –         –         (12)


            At December 31, 2024                         33      16,123       64,337       5,432      10,854       15,681       499     112,959


           At the end of the reporting period, the Group had unused tax losses of approximately RMB502,116,000 (2023:
           RMB325,353,000), available for offsetting against future profits. No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect
           of tax losses of RMB73,199,000 (2023: RMB73,960,000) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.


           The unrecognised tax losses of the Group will be carried forward and expire in years as follows:


                                                                                                          31/12/2024              31/12/2023
                                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000


            2026                                                                                                  1,845                 7,510
            2027                                                                                                 17,855                19,743
            2028                                                                                                 19,440                23,991
            2029                                                                                                 11,400                     57
            2030                                                                                                  4,144                 4,144
            2031                                                                                                 13,729                13,729
            2032                                                                                                  4,594                 4,594
            2033                                                                                                     192                  192


                                                                                                                 73,199                73,960




174 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the Year ended December 31, 2024




22.	INVENTORIES

                                                                                     31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


    Raw materials and consumables                                                         56,775               55,868
    Work in progress                                                                      59,223               85,412
    Finished goods                                                                        12,755               37,107


                                                                                        128,753               178,387



   The write down of inventories of the Group recognised as cost of sales amounted to RMB1,791,000 during the year
   ended December 31, 2024 (2023: RMB488,000).


23. LOAN RECEIVABLES

                                                                                     31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000


    Fixed-rate loan receivables                                                            2,750               12,200


    Analysed as
      current                                                                              1,430               10,440
      non-current                                                                          1,320                1,760


                                                                                           2,750               12,200



   In May 2023, the Group entered into a loan agreement with a staff. Pursuant to the loan agreement, the staff
   borrowed RMB2,200,000 from the Group with fixed interest rate of 4.75% per annum. The amount would be
   repaid in a series of five successive equal yearly installments starting from the borrowing date. The installments of
   RMB1,320,000 that would be due after one year as at December 31, 2024 were recorded as non-current asset (2023:
   RMB1,760,000).


   In November 2023, the Group entered into a loan agreement with an independent third party. Pursuant to the loan
   agreement, the third party borrowed RMB10,000,000 from the Group with fixed interest rate of 4% per annum. The
   amount was guaranteed by the borrower’s controlling shareholder and was settled in full in November 2024.


   Details of impairment assessment of loan receivables are set out in Note 43.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 175
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    24.	TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                              31/12/2024                 31/12/2023
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                     RMB’000


            Current
            Trade receivables – contract with customers                                                           679,433                    523,109
            Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                                      (88,208)                   (74,443)


                                                                                                                  591,225                    448,666
            Prepayment to suppliers                                                                                 15,104                     27,414
            Value added tax recoverable                                                                             11,369                       3,993
            Deposits for bidding                                                                                      4,112                      2,633
            Receivables for disposal of an associate                                                                    500                        500
            Deferred issue costs                                                                                           –                     1,443
            Prepayments for listing expenses and issue costs                                                               –                       429
            Others                                                                                                    2,217                      1,845
            Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                                          (565)                      (312)


                                                                                                                  623,962                    486,611




                                                                                                              31/12/2024                 31/12/2023
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                     RMB’000


            Non-current
            Trade receivables – contract with customers (Note)                                                      79,435                     19,360
            Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                                      (15,792)                     (6,422)


                                                                                                                    63,643                     12,938


            Advance payment of investment in an associate                                                             1,438                           –


                                                                                                                    65,081                     12,938


           Note:   According to the payment terms in the sales contracts with certain customers, certain part of the sales consideration will be collected
                   after one year.




176 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the Year ended December 31, 2024




24.	TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
    As at January 1, 2023, the carrying amount of trade receivables net of allowance for ECL from contracts with customers
    amounted to RMB355,461,000.


    The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses) presented based on invoice
    dates:


                                                                                      31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


     Within 90 days                                                                       287,012               220,832
     91 to 180 days                                                                        37,347                21,204
     181 to 365 days                                                                       34,171                45,634
     1 to 2 years                                                                         185,011               110,907
     2 to 3 years                                                                          55,219                23,687
     More than 3 years                                                                     56,108                39,340


                                                                                          654,868               461,604



    The normal credit term to the customers is within one year. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its
    outstanding receivables to minimize credit risk. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by management. The Group
    does not hold any collateral over these balances.


    Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in Note 43.


25. CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                                      31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


     Retention receivables                                                                 27,749                39,031
     Less: allowance for credit losses                                                        (951)               (3,077)


                                                                                           26,798                35,954


     Analysed as
       Current                                                                             10,370                24,310
       Non-current                                                                         16,428                11,644


                                                                                           26,798                35,954




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 177
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    25. CONTRACT ASSETS (continued)
           As at January 1, 2023, contract assets of the Group amounted to RMB24,694,000.


           Contract assets, that are not expected to be settled within the Group’s normal operating cycle, are classified as non-
           current asset based on expected settlement dates.


           Details of impairment assessment of contract assets of the Group are set out in Note 43.


    26.	DEBT INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI

                                                                                              31/12/2024             31/12/2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000


            Bills receivables                                                                      28,697                 33,530



           As at December 31, 2024 and 2023, certain bills which were held by the Group for the practice of endorsing to
           suppliers or discounting to banks before the bills due for payment were classified as “debt instruments at FVTOCI”. All
           the bills receivables are with a maturity period of less than one year.


           The Group considers the credit risk is limited because counterparties are banks with good credit standing and are highly
           likely to be paid, and the ECL are considered as insignificant.


           Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 43.


    27.	OTHER FINANCIAL ASSET
           Other financial asset represented a HKD denominated note receivable with fixed-rate interest, issued by
           an independent private entity, with the principal amount of HK$20,000,000 (approximately equivalent to
           RMB18,502,000). Both principal and respective interest were settled in March, 2025.




178 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




28.	FINANCIAL ASSET AT FVTPL

                                                                                        31/12/2024          31/12/2023
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


     Structure note                                                                          28,803                    –



    On December 11, 2024, the Group subscribed a USD denominated note issued by Huatai International Financial
    Products Limited through an independent security agent in Hong Kong, with the aggregate amount of USD4,000,000
    (approximately equivalent to RMB28,803,000) and maturity of six months. The redemption amount of the USD Note
    is determined by reference to the market foreign exchange rate on the maturity date, therefore it is recognised as a
    financial asset at FVTPL.


    Details of the fair value measurement of the financial asset at FVTPL are set out in Note 43(c).


29.	RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS/CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
    Restricted bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents carry interest at prevailing market interest rates ranging from
    0.05% to 0.10% per annum as at the end of the reporting period (2023: 0.10% to 0.20%). As at December 31, 2024,
    the Group holds time deposits amounting to RMB146,502,000 (2023: RMB149,022,000) with an original maturity of
    three months or less and carry interests at prevailing market rated which was from 3.50% to 3.70% per annum (2023:
    1.50% to 1.80%), included in the cash and cash equivalents.


    The Group’s restricted bank deposits were pledged to banks for issuing bills.


    Details of impairment assessment of bank balances are set out in Note 43.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 179
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    30.	TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                31/12/2024                 31/12/2023
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                    RMB’000


             Trade payables                                                                                         241,250                    198,369
             Trade payables under supplier finance arrangements (Note i)                                            105,822                      69,470
             Bills payables                                                                                            9,398                     12,064


                                                                                                                    356,470                    279,903


             Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                             147,821                    105,645
             Accrued staff costs and benefits                                                                         13,432                     16,162
             Other tax payables                                                                                        2,658                      3,293
             Accrued service fee                                                                                      10,428                      9,347
             Deposits from vendors                                                                                     2,035                      1,879
             Payables to staff                                                                                         2,304                      1,236
             Advanced receipt of investment (Note ii)                                                                        –                 200,000
             Accrued listing expenses                                                                                  6,697                      1,957
             Accrued issue costs                                                                                          280                        876
             Others                                                                                                    5,569                      6,194


                                                                                                                    191,224                    346,589


                                                                                                                    547,694                    626,492


           Notes:

           (i)      In order to ensure easy access to credit for its suppliers and facilitate early settlement, the Group has entered into reverse factoring
                    arrangements. The contractual arrangements in place permit the suppliers to obtain the amounts billed less 3.40% discount with the
                    amounts paid by the relevant bank. The Group will repay bank the full invoice amounts on the scheduled payment dates as required
                    by the invoices. As the arrangements do not permit the group to extend finance from bank by paying bank later than the group would
                    have paid its supplier, the Group considers amounts payable to the bank should be classified as trade payables. The reverse factoring
                    arrangements permit the bank to early settle invoices equal to RMB120,000,000 per month during the year ended December 31, 2024
                    (2023: RMB90,000,000), and the maximum amount used in a month were RMB36,414,000 during the year ended December 31, 2024
                    (2023: RMB27,083,000). As at December 31, 2024, 30.49% of trade payables were amounts owed under these arrangements (2023:
                    25.94%).

           (ii)     The amounts represented advanced receipt from an independent investor related to issue of ordinary shares in January 2024.


                    The normal credit term to the Group is ranged within one year.




180 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the Year ended December 31, 2024




30.	TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (continued)
    The following is an aging analysis of trade payables/trade payables under supplier finance arrangements of the Group
    based on the invoice dates:


                                                                                         31/12/2024          31/12/2023
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


     Within 90 days                                                                          156,057            188,764
     91 – 180 days                                                                            66,266             22,591
     181 – 365 days                                                                           75,379              5,373
     1 to 2 years                                                                             39,465             44,337
     2 to 3 years                                                                              6,759              5,454
     More than 3 years                                                                         3,146              1,320


                                                                                             347,072            267,839


    The following is an aging analysis of bills payables based on the bill issuance dates:


                                                                                         31/12/2024          31/12/2023
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


     0 – 180 days                                                                              9,398             12,064



    The Group’s bills payables were issued by banks and were secured by the Group’s restricted bank deposits and debt
    instruments at FVTOCI for both years.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 181
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    31. BORROWINGS

                                                                                                             31/12/2024                 31/12/2023
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                   RMB’000


             Bank borrowings                                                                                      884,042                   837,149
              Other borrowings (Note i)                                                                            42,537                           –


                                                                                                                  926,579                   837,149


             Secured (Note ii)                                                                                    454,037                   407,555
             Unsecured                                                                                            472,542                   429,594


                                                                                                                  926,579                   837,149


             Fixed-rate borrowings                                                                                556,119                   477,665
             Variable-rate borrowings                                                                             370,460                   359,484


                                                                                                                  926,579                   837,149


             Carrying amount repayable:
                  (based on scheduled payment terms)
             Within one year                                                                                      520,977                   447,989
             More than one year, but not exceeding two years                                                      126,798                   149,600
              More than two years, but not exceeding five years                                                    88,253                   239,560
              More than five years                                                                                190,551                           –


                                                                                                                  926,579                   837,149


             Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown
                      under current liabilities                                                                   520,977                   447,989


             Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
                  non-current liabilities                                                                         405,602                   389,160


           Notes:

           (i)        As at December 31, 2024, other borrowings of the Group represented the transfer proceeds received from sale leaseback transactions
                      in 2024. The effective interest rate of other borrowing ranged from 6.39% to 7.78% per annum.

           (ii)       As at December 31, 2023, the Group’s borrowings of RMB454,037,000 and RMB54,139,000 were pledged by the buildings and
                      leasehold lands as disclosed in Note 15 and Note 16, and guaranteed by Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute, a subsidiary of the
                      Company, and Zhangjiagang New Cloud Technology Industry Consulting Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (張家港新雲科技產業諮詢企
                      業(有限合夥) (“New Cloud Technology”),a shareholder of the Company.

                      In May 2024, the aforementioned guarantee from Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute and New Cloud Technology were released.


182 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




31. BORROWINGS (continued)
    The ranges of effective interest rates per annum on the Group’s borrowings are as follows:


                                                                                        31/12/2024           31/12/2023


     Effective interest rate per annum:
       Fixed-rate borrowings                                                         3.05%-7.78%          3.65%-4.50%
       Variable-rate borrowings                                                      3.90%-5.00%          3.90%-5.00%



32. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                        31/12/2024           31/12/2023
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


     Vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems
       and related products                                                                    2,461                 514
     Equipment for hydrogen refueling stations and related products                              202              12,754
     Water electrolysis hydrogen Production equipment
       and related products                                                                    3,567                 582


                                                                                               6,230              13,850



    Contract liabilities are expected to be settled within the Group’s normal operating cycle and are classified as current
    liability based on the Group’s earliest obligation to transfer goods to the customers.


    The contract liabilities of the Group as at January 1, 2024 and 2023, amounted of RMB13,850,000 and
    RMB17,721,000 were recognised as revenue during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.


    The Group usually receives 20% to 30% of the contract value as deposits from customers for majority of the contracts
    related to vehicle-mounted high-pressure hydrogen supply systems and related products, equipment for hydrogen
    refueling stations and related products and water electrolysis hydrogen production equipment and related products
    when they sign the sale and purchase agreement. The deposits result in contract liabilities being recognised until the
    customer obtains control of those products.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 183
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    33.	PROVISIONS

                                                                                             31/12/2024             31/12/2023
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000


            Warranty provision
            At beginning of the year                                                              10,528                 5,372
            Additional provision                                                                   9,700                11,115
            Utilization                                                                           (8,722)                (5,959)


            At end of the year                                                                    11,506                10,528



            Analyzed as
            current                                                                                3,735                 3,718
            non-current                                                                            7,771                 6,810


                                                                                                  11,506                10,528



           The warranty provision represents management’s best estimate of the Group’s liability under assurance-type warranty
           granted on products sold which were still under warranty at the end of the reporting period, based on prior experience
           for defective products.




184 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the Year ended December 31, 2024




34.	AMOUNT(S) DUE FROM ASSOCIATES/A RELATED PARTY/AMOUNT(S) DUE TO
    AN ASSOCIATE/RELATED PARTIES
   Amounts due from associates


                                                                                     31/12/2024           31/12/2023
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000


     Trade related
     Huajiu Hydrogen                                                                         100                 120
     Jiahua Hydrogen                                                                       1,026                 888
     Qilu Hydrogen                                                                        49,127              59,477
     Suzhou Changjia Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd.
          (蘇州常嘉氫能源科技有限公司)
          (“Suzhou Changjia”) (Note i)                                                     1,511               1,495
     Huajiu New Energy (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.
          (華久新能源（洛陽）有限公司) (“Huajiu New Energy”) (Note ii)                                  2,880               2,980
     Urumqi Outejie                                                                       12,260                   –
     Mengfa Guofu                                                                         20,612                   –


                                                                                          87,516              64,960
     Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                    (2,029)             (1,144)


                                                                                          85,487              63,816


   Notes:

   (i)       The entity is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jiahua Hydrogen.

   (ii)      The entity is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huajiu Hydrogen.



   As at January 1, 2023, the carrying amount of amounts due from associates net of allowance for ECL from contracts
   with customers amounted to RMB2,468,000.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 185
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    34.	AMOUNT(S) DUE FROM ASSOCIATES/A RELATED PARTY/AMOUNT(S) DUE TO
        AN ASSOCIATE/RELATED PARTIES (continued)
           Amounts due from associates (continued)
           The amounts due from associates are trade in nature and from contract with customers. The following is an aged
           analysis of amounts due from associates of the Group, presented based on invoice dates:


                                                                                                         31/12/2024                31/12/2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000                   RMB’000


            Within 90 days                                                                                     32,257                    58,839
            91 – 180 days                                                                                           10                          –
            181 – 365 days                                                                                            –                   2,730
            1 to 2 years                                                                                       51,376                         97
            2 to 3 years                                                                                            97                      118
            More than 3 years                                                                                    1,747                    2,032


                                                                                                               85,487                    63,816



           Amount due from a related party
                                                                                                         31/12/2024                31/12/2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000                   RMB’000


            Trade related
            Jiangsu Huade Hydrogen Energy Technology Co.,Ltd.
               (江蘇鏵德氫能源科技有限公司) (“Jiangsu Huade”) (Note)                                                               –                     575
            Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                                         –                     (148)


                                                                                                                      –                     427


           Note:   The entity is significantly influenced by Zhangjiagang Yongyuan Share Equity Investment Partnership (Limited partnership) (張家港涌源
                   鏵能股權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）), a shareholder of the Company.


           As at January 1, 2023, the carrying amount of amount due from a related party net of allowance for ECL from contracts
           with customers amounted to RMB430,000.




186 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the Year ended December 31, 2024




34.	AMOUNT(S) DUE FROM ASSOCIATES/A RELATED PARTY/AMOUNT(S) DUE TO
    AN ASSOCIATE/RELATED PARTIES (continued)
   Amount due from a related party (continued)
   The amount due from a related party are in trade nature and from contract with customers. The following is an aged
   analysis of amount due from a related party based on invoice dates:


                                                                                       31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


    More than 3 years                                                                               –               427



   Amount due to an associate


                                                                                       31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


    Trade related
    Hycee Pte. Ltd                                                                              118                    –



   The amount represented contract liability recognised for sales in which revenue has yet been recognised. The contract
   liabilities of the Group as at January 1, 2024 and 2023, amounted of nil and RMB9,002,000 were recognised as
   revenue during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Group usually receives 20% to 30%
   of the contract value as deposits from associates when they sign the sale and purchase agreement. The deposits result
   in contract liabilities being recognised until the customer obtains control of those products.


   The amount was trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


   The following is an aged analysis of trade related balances presented based on the invoice dates:


                                                                                       31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000


    181 – 365 days                                                                              118                    –




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 187
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    34.	AMOUNT(S) DUE FROM ASSOCIATES/A RELATED PARTY/AMOUNT(S) DUE TO
        AN ASSOCIATE/RELATED PARTIES (continued)
           Amounts due to related parties


                                                                                                            31/12/2024                 31/12/2023
                                                                                                               RMB’000                    RMB’000


            Trade related
            Shanghai Huajing Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd.
               (上海華敬氫能科技有限公司) (“Shanghai Huajing”) (Note)                                                                –                        167
            Jiangsu Huade                                                                                           2,395                     1,610


                                                                                                                    2,395                     1,777


           Note:   The spouse of Mr. Gu Yanjun, one of the non-executive directors of the Group, is the executive director of Shanghai Huajing.



           The amount was trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


           The following is an aged analysis of trade related balances presented based on the invoice dates:


                                                                                                            31/12/2024                 31/12/2023
                                                                                                               RMB’000                    RMB’000


            Within 90 days                                                                                          2,050                     1,610
            1 – 2 years                                                                                               345                           –
            More than 3 years                                                                                            –                        167


                                                                                                                    2,395                     1,777




188 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the Year ended December 31, 2024




35.	DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                                                    31/12/2024                 31/12/2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000                    RMB’000


     Subsidies related to assets (Note i)                                                                 14,273                      7,696
     Subsidies related to research and development activities (Note ii)                                   61,812                    33,279


                                                                                                          76,085                    40,975
     Less: current portion                                                                               (49,882)                    (1,341)


     Non-current portion                                                                                  26,203                    39,634


   Notes:

   (i)      The Group recorded government subsidies related to acquisition of property, plant and equipment as deferred income and amortised it
            on a systematic basis over the useful lives of the relevant assets.

   (ii)     During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group received RMB33,747,000(2023: RMB2,497,000) in relation to its research and
            development activities. The amounts were recorded as deferred income and released to profit or loss upon certain conditions are
            fulfilled. During the year ended December 31, 2024, subsidy income of approximately RMB5,214,000 (2023: RMB3,261,000) was
            released to profit or loss.

            As at December 31, 2024, subsidy income of approximately RMB49,882,000(2023: RMB1,341,000) was categorized as current liabilities
            because the fulfilment date are reasonably estimated within one year.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 189
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    36.	SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                            Number of                     Nominal
                                                                                                                  shares          value of shares
                                                                                                                                         RMB’000


              Authorized and issued
              As at January 1, 2023                                                                         90,044,488                     90,044
              Issue of restricted shares (Note i)                                                             2,784,881                      2,785


              As at December 31, 2023                                                                       92,829,369                     92,829
              Issue of shares (Note ii)                                                                       5,881,191                      5,881
              Issue of ordinary shares by way of global offering (Note iii)                                   6,000,000                      6,000


              As at December 31, 2024                                                                      104,710,560                    104,710


           Notes:

           (i)      In December 2023, the Company granted 2,784,881 restricted shares to certain eligible employees and directors through two employee
                    stock ownership platforms with total consideration of RMB22,280,000. The Company received all of the subscription amounts in
                    December 2023, in which, RMB2,785,000 was recognised in share capital and RMB19,495,000 was recognised in share premium.
                    Details of the grant of shares are set out in Note 37.

           (ii)     In January 2024, the Company issued a total of 5,881,191 ordinary shares at the consideration of RMB228,600,000 to several
                    independent investors. RMB5,881,000 were credited to the Company’s share capital and the remaining balance, after deducting issue
                    cost of RMB3,239,000, was credited as share premium. The Company had received all financing proceeds by February 2024.

           (iii)    On November 15, 2024, the Company has completed a global offering of 6,000,000 H shares of par value of RMB1.00 each at the
                    price of HK$65.00 per ordinary share (approximately equivalent to RMB60.12 per ordinary share). On the same day, the Company’s
                    H shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The proceeds of HK$6,487,000 (approximately
                    equivalent to RMB6,000,000) were credited to the Company’s share capital. The remaining proceeds of approximately HK$383,513,000
                    (approximately equivalent to RMB354,734,000), before share issuance cost, were credited to share premium.




190 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the Year ended December 31, 2024




37.	SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
   (a)   Restricted Shares Scheme in 2019
         To provide incentives to eligible employees and directors of the Group, an employee share incentive plan
         (the “2019 RS Scheme”) was adopted in September 2019. An employee stock ownership platform, namely
         Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Jie New Energy Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership) (張家港氫捷新能源科技
         合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Hydrogen Jie”), was established on January 17, 2019 and directly held 1,500,000
         ordinary shares of the Company. Eligible employees and directors subscribed for partnership interest of the
         Hydrogen Jie at a consideration price of RMB1 for RMB1 partnership interest and RMB4 partnership interest of
         Hydrogen Jie represented 1 ordinary share of the Company.


         Details of the restricted shares and share options issued under the 2019 RS Scheme are as follows:


                                    Quantity of                                                                              Sell back/
                                       restricted                             Vesting schedule                               repurchase
          Grant date                       shares      Grantee                defined in contract term                       right


          January 17, 2019               750,000       Directors and          100% fulfillment of requisite service          Note
                                                          employees             conditions and completion of
                                                                                a qualified IPO


          November 3, 2019               750,000       Directors and          100% fulfillment of requisite service          Note
                                                          employees             conditions and completion of
                                                                                a qualified IPO

         Note:   If the grantees voluntarily or involuntarily terminate the labor relationship with the Company within three years since grant
                 date, the general partner of Hydrogen Jie has the right to repurchase the granted shares from the grantees at original
                 consideration or original consideration plus interest at rate of 8% per annum, respectively. If the grantees terminate the
                 labor relationship with the Company after three years from grant date but before completion of IPO, the general partner of
                 Hydrogen Jie has the right to repurchase the granted shares from the grantees at the higher of original consideration plus
                 interest at rate of 8% per annum and 50% of fair value of the Company indirectly held by the grantees. The fair value of the
                 Company would be determined with reference to the latest issue price to independent investors during its financing activities.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 191
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    37.	SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
           (a)    Restricted Shares Scheme in 2019 (continued)
                  The following table summarized the movement of the Group’s unvested restricted shares:


                                                                                                                     Weighted
                                                                                                                       average
                                                                                                                    grant date
                                                                                               Unvested          fair value per
                                                                                      registered capital     registered capital
                                                                                                     '000                  RMB


                   As at January 1 and December 31, 2023                                            1,500                   9.08
                   Vested                                                                          (1,500)                  9.08


                   As at December 31, 2024                                                               –                     –



                  Included in the 2019 RS Scheme, 234,800 restricted shares (“RS”) were granted to Mr. He Guangliang, 25,000
                  RSs were granted to Mr. Shi Jian, and 25,000 RSs were granted to Ms. Cai Yan.


                  The total fair value of restricted shares granted under 2019 RS Scheme in January 2019, November 2019 and
                  January 2022 was RMB3,000,000, RMB6,870,000 and RMB4,718,000 at the grant date, respectively. The fair
                  value of restricted shares granted in January 2019, November 2019 and January 2022 were determined with
                  reference to the equity transfer price set out in the equity transfer agreements between the shareholders of the
                  Company and independent third parties in January 2019, the issue price set out in the Company’s investment
                  agreements with independent investors in October 2019 and the equity transfer price set out in the equity
                  transfer agreements between the shareholders of the Company and independent third parties in February 2022,
                  respectively. Share-based payment expenses of RMB2,849,000 were fully recognised during the year ended
                  December 31, 2024 (2023: Nil).


           (b)    Restricted Shares Scheme in 2023
                  To provide incentives to eligible employees and directors of the Group, an employee share incentive plan (the
                  “2023 RS Scheme”) was adopted in December 2023. Two employee stock ownership platforms, namely
                  Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Win New Energy Industry Partnership (Limited Partnership) (張家港氫贏新能源產業
                  合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Hydrogen Win”) and Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Ying New Energy Industry Partnership
                  (Limited Partnership) (張家港氫盈新能源產業合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Hydrogen Ying”) were established on
                  December 14, 2023 and directly held 2,784,881 ordinary shares of the Company. Eligible employees and
                  directors subscribed for partnership interest of the Hydrogen Win and Hydrogen Ying at a consideration price
                  of RMB1 for RMB1 partnership interest and RMB8 partnership interest of Hydrogen Jie represented 1 ordinary
                  share of the Company.




192 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the Year ended December 31, 2024




37.	SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (b)   Restricted Shares Scheme in 2023 (continued)
         Details of the restricted shares issued under the 2023 RS Scheme are as follows:


                                    Quantity of                                                                            Sell back/
                                      restricted                            Vesting schedule                               repurchase
          Grant date                      shares      Grantee               defined in contract term                       right



          December 1, 2023               992,639      Directors and         50% 13 months after grant date;                Note
                                                         employees             30% 25 months after grant date;
                                                                               20% 37 months after grant date
                                                                               with the achievement of the
                                                                               Group’s performance conditions


          December 1, 2023            1,792,242       Directors and         50% 13 months after grant date;                Note
                                                         employees             30% 25 months after grant date;
                                                                               20% 37 months after grant
                                                                               date with the achievement of
                                                                               certain individual and the Group’s
                                                                               performance conditions

         Note:   If the grantees voluntarily terminate the labor relationship with the Company, the ultimate controlling shareholders of the
                 Company has the right to repurchase the unvested shares from the grantees at original consideration plus interest at loan
                 prime rate (“LPR”) of similar period.


         The following table summarized the movement of the Group’s unvested restricted shares:


                                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                                                               average
                                                                                                                            grant date
                                                                                                   Unvested             fair value per
                                                                                         registered capital        registered capital
                                                                                                          '000                      RMB


          As at January 1, 2023                                                                               –                         –
          Granted                                                                                       2,785                      38.87


          As at December 31, 2023                                                                       2,785                      38.87
          Forfeited                                                                                       (108)                    38.87
          Granted                                                                                          108                     38.87
          Vested                                                                                       (1,392)                     38.87


          As at December 31, 2024                                                                       1,393                      38.87



                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 193
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    37.	SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
           (b)    Restricted Shares Scheme in 2023 (continued)
                  Included in the 2023 RS Scheme, 475,000 RSs were granted to Mr. Wu Pinfang, 10,000 RSs were granted to
                  Mr. Shi Jian, and 250,000 RSs were granted to Mr. He Guangliang.


                  The total fair value of restricted shares granted under 2023 RS Scheme was RMB108,247,000 at the grant date
                  which were determined with reference to the issue price set out in the Company’s investment agreements with
                  independent investors in January 2024. Share-based payment expenses of RMB57,634,000 were recognised
                  during the year ended December 31, 2024 (2023: RMB4,804,000).


    38.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
           The Group has the following transactions and balances with the related parties:


           (a)    Related party transactions
                  Sales of products to associates


                                                                                             Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                             31/12/2024         31/12/2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


                   Huajiu Hydrogen                                                                 212                   40
                   Jiahua Hydrogen                                                                 123                    –
                   Qilu Hydrogen                                                                      –             85,969
                   Suzhou Changjia                                                                 114                   91
                   Huajiu New Energy                                                                57                5,542
                   Mengfa Guofu                                                                  23,912                   –
                   Urumqi Outejie                                                                10,850                   –


                                                                                                 35,268             91,642



                  Purchase of materials from a related party


                                                                                             Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                             31/12/2024         31/12/2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000


                   Jiangsu Huade                                                                  1,814               2,035




194 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the Year ended December 31, 2024




38.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
    (b)      Related party balances
             Details of the outstanding balances with related parties are set out in Note 34.


    (c)      Compensation of key management personnel
             The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:


                                                                                        Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                         31/12/2024           31/12/2023
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


               Salaries and other benefits                                                       4,085              3,792
               Discretionary bonuses                                                              537                701
               Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                            479                679
               Share-based payments                                                             19,808              1,544


                                                                                                24,909              6,716



39. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                         31/12/2024           31/12/2023
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


     Capital expenditure contracted for but not provided in
          the consolidated financial statements:
          – Property, plant and equipment                                                       52,649            68,994




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 195
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    40.	PLEDGE OF OR RESTRICTIONS ON ASSETS
           The Group had pledged the following assets to banks as securities against general banking facilities, including banks
           borrowings and bills payables granted to the Group:


                                                                                              31/12/2024             31/12/2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000


            Property, plant and equipment                                                         526,355               457,224
            Right-of-use assets                                                                    77,409                   54,178
            Restricted bank deposits                                                                4,413                   21,219
            Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                              5,000                        –


                                                                                                  613,177               532,621



    41.	TRANSFER OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
           (i)    Transferred financial assets that were derecognised in their entirety
                  The bills accepted by banks with high credit quality were derecognised when they were transferred to banks
                  by discounting or endorsed to certain suppliers for settlement of trade payables. In the opinion of the directors
                  of the Company, the Group has transferred the significant risks and rewards relating to these bills receivables,
                  and the Group’s obligations to the corresponding counterparties were discharged in accordance with the
                  commercial practice in the PRC and the risk of the default in payment of the endorsed bills receivable is low
                  because all endorsed bills receivables are issued and guaranteed by the reputable PRC banks. As a result, the
                  relevant assets and liabilities were derecognised on the consolidated statement of financial position. As at
                  December 31, 2024, the Group had derecognised bills discounted or endorsed to certain suppliers amounting
                  to RMB55,154,000 (2023: RMB16,444,000).


           (ii)   Transferred financial assets that were not derecognised in their entirety
                  At December 31, 2024, bills receivable with a total carrying amount of RMB2,166,000 (2023: RMB550,000)
                  were transferred to banks by discounting or endorsed to certain suppliers for settlement of trade payables.
                  If the bills are not paid on maturity, the banks or suppliers have the right to request the Group to pay the
                  unsettled balance. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks and rewards relating to the bills
                  receivables to its banks or suppliers upon endorsement, it continues to recognise the full carrying amount of
                  bills receivables and has recognised the payables from the endorsement of the bills with full recourse.




196 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the Year ended December 31, 2024




42. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
   maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group’s overall
   strategy remains unchanged from prior year.


   The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the borrowings and lease liabilities, net of cash
   and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising share capital and reserves.


   The management of the Group reviews the capital structure regularly. As part of this review, the management of the
   Group considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of
   the management, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the new share issues as well as the issue
   of new debt.


43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   (a)    Categories of financial instruments


                                                                                       31/12/2024             31/12/2023
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


            Financial assets
            Amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents)                         1,108,147               897,230
            Equity instrument at FVTOCI                                                     36,566                 34,333
            Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                                      28,697                 33,530
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                                       28,803                       –


                                                                                         1,202,213               965,093


            Financial liabilities
            Amortised cost                                                               1,460,578             1,445,963




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 197
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies
                  The Group’s major financial instruments include trade and other receivables, loan receivables, debt instruments
                  at FVTOCI, equity instrument at FVTOCI, other financial asset, financial assets at FVTPL, amounts due from
                  associates, amount due from a related party, restricted bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade and
                  other payables, borrowings, amounts due to related parties. Details of the financial instruments are disclosed in
                  respective notes.


                  The risks associated with the financial instruments include market risk (currency risk and interest rate risk), credit
                  risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages
                  and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective
                  manner.


                  Market risk
                  The Group’s activities expose it primarily to currency risk and interest rate risk. There has been no change in the
                  Group’s exposure to these risks or the manner in which it manages and measures the risks.


                  (i)    Currency risk

                         Certain financial assets and liabilities are denominated in foreign currency of respective group entities
                         which are exposed to foreign currency risk. The Group currently does not have a foreign exchange
                         hedging policy. However, the management monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider
                         hedging significant foreign exchange exposure should the need arise.


                         The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets at the end of each
                         reporting period are mainly as follows:


                                                                                                 31/12/2024              31/12/2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000


                            Assets
                            HK$                                                                      267,402                         –
                            USD                                                                        64,707                 15,072


                            Liabilities
                            HK$                                                                              4                       –
                            USD                                                                           978                        –




198 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
          Market risk (continued)
          (i)    Currency risk (continued)

                 Sensitivity analysis

                 The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2023: 5%) increase and decrease in RMB
                 against the relevant foreign currencies, the foreign currency with which the Group may have a material
                 exposure. 5% (2023: 5%) represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in
                 foreign exchange rate. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated
                 monetary items as a base and adjusts their translation at the end of the reporting period for a 5% (2023:
                 5%) change in foreign currency rates. A negative number below indicates an increase in loss where
                 RMB strengthens 5% against the relevant currency. For a 5% weakening of RMB against the relevant
                 currency, there would be an equal and opposite impact on loss for the year.


                                                                                        31/12/2024              31/12/2023
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000


                  Impact on profit or loss
                  HK$                                                                       (11,364)                       –
                  USD                                                                         (2,708)                  (641)



          (ii)   Interest rate risk

                 The Group is primarily exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to debt instruments at FVTOCI,
                 other financial asset, fixed-rate borrowings (note 31), lease liabilities and cash flow interest rate risk in
                 relation to variable-rate cash and cash equivalents, pledged bank deposits and variable-rate borrowings
                 (note 31). The Group currently does not have an interest rate hedging policy to mitigate interest rate
                 risk; nevertheless, the management monitors interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant
                 interest rate risk should the need arise.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 199
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Market risk (continued)
                  (ii)   Interest rate risk (continued)

                         Sensitivity analysis

                         The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates at the
                         end of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding
                         at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 50 basis point (2023: 50
                         basis points) increase or decrease in variable-rate bank borrowings are used represents management’s
                         assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates. Cash and cash equivalents and pledged
                         bank deposits are excluded from sensitivity analysis as the management considers that the exposure
                         of cash flow interest rate risk arising from variable-rate cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank
                         deposits is insignificant.


                         If the interest rate on variable-rate borrowings had been 50 basis points higher/lower and all other
                         variables were held constant, the Group’s post-tax loss for the year ended 31 December 2024 would
                         increase/decrease by RMB1,574,000 (2023: increase/decrease by RMB1,528,000).


                  Credit risk
                  Credit risk refers to the risk that the Group’s counterparties default on their contractual obligations resulting
                  in financial losses to the Group. The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to loan receivables,
                  trade and other receivables, contract assets, restricted bank deposits, amounts due from associates, debt
                  instruments at FVTOCI, amount due from a related party and cash and cash equivalents. The Group does not
                  hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risks associated with its financial assets.




200 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the Year ended December 31, 2024




43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
          Credit risk (continued)
          Trade receivables and contract assets (including amounts due from associates and amount due from a related
          party)

          In order to minimize the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
          determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action
          is taken to recover overdue debts. In this regard, the management of the Group consider that the Group’s credit
          risk is significantly reduced.


          The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in the PRC, which accounted for
          99.83% of all trade receivables and contract assets as at December 31, 2024 (2023: 98.83%). The Group
          has concentration of credit risk as 27.32% (2023: 10.14%) and 54.54% (2023: 54.36%) of the total trade
          receivables was due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers respectively. In order to
          minimize the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of
          credit limits and credit approvals.


          The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on all trade receivables and contract assets
          with credit-impaired individually, and the remaining trade receivables and contract assets are grouped based
          on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to past due exposure and nature, size and industry for the
          customers.


          The table below detail the credit loss allowance provided by the Group based on collective assessment as at
          December 31, 2024 and 2023:


                                                                                     31/12/2024             31/12/2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


           Trade receivables                                                                9,197                 6,759
           Contract assets                                                                    538                   544
           Amounts due from associates                                                      2,029                 1,144
           Amount due from a related party                                                      –                   148



          The table below detail the credit loss allowance provided by the Group based on individual assessment as at
          December 31, 2024 and 2023:


                                                                                     31/12/2024             31/12/2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000


           Trade receivables                                                              94,803                 74,106
           Contract assets                                                                    413                 2,533


                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 201
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Credit risk (continued)
                  Trade receivables and contract assets (including amounts due from associates and amount due from a related
                  party) (continued)

                  As at December 31, 2024, the Group individually assessed trade receivables with gross carrying amount of
                  RMB308,590,000 (2023: RMB171,612,000), and contract assets with gross carrying amount of RMB2,187,000
                  (2023: RMB7,255,000).


                  Other receivables and loan receivables

                  For other receivables and loan receivables, the management makes periodic individual assessment on the
                  recoverability of other receivables and loan receivables based on historical settlement records, past experience,
                  and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive forward-looking
                  information. The management believes that there are no significant increase in credit risk of these amounts
                  since initial recognition and the Group provided impairment based on 12m ECL.


                  Debt instruments at FVTOCI

                  Debt instruments at FVTOCI were all bank-issued notes. Since the issuers were reputable banks of good credit
                  quality, the management of the Group considered the credit risk of these bank issued bills is insignificant and
                  no impairment was provided on them at the year end.


                  Restricted bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents

                  The credit risk on restricted bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are limited because the counterparties
                  are reputable banks with high credit ratings assigned by credit-rating agencies.


                  The Group assessed 12m ECL for restricted bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents by reference to
                  information relating to probability of default and loss given default of the respective credit rating grades
                  published by external credit rating agencies. Based on the average loss rates, the 12m ECL on restricted bank
                  deposits and cash and cash equivalents is considered to be insignificant and therefore no loss allowance was
                  recognised.




202 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the Year ended December 31, 2024




43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
          Credit risk (continued)
          The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:


                                                                            Trade receivables/
                                                                            contract assets/
                                                                            trade-related amount
           Internal                                                         due from associates/      Other financial
           credit rating         Description                                a related party           assets/other items


           Low risk              The counterparty has a low risk of         Lifetime ECL              12m ECL
                                   default                                    – not credit-impaired


           Doubtful              There have been significant                Lifetime ECL              Lifetime ECL
                                   increases in credit risk since initial     – not credit-impaired     – not credit-impaired
                                   recognition through information
                                   developed internally or external
                                   resources


           Loss                  There is evidence indicating the           Lifetime ECL              Lifetime ECL
                                   asset is credit-impaired                   – credit-impaired         – credit-impaired


           Write-off             There is evidence indicating that          Amount is written off     Amount is written off
                                   the debtor is in severe financial
                                   difficulty and the Group has no
                                   realistic prospect of recovery




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024 203
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Credit risk (continued)
                  The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets and contract assets, which are
                  subject to ECL assessment:

                                                             Internal                                          Gross carrying amount
                                                              credit                12m or
                                                Notes         rating             lifetime ECL                 31/12/2024            31/12/2023
                                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

                   Financial assets at
                     amortised cost
                   Cash and cash                 29            N/A                 12m ECL
                     equivalents                                                                                  335,863              333,298

                   Restricted bank               29            N/A                 12m ECL
                     deposits                                                                                       4,413               21,219

                   Amounts due from              34            Note               Lifetime ECL
                    associates                                              (collective assessment)                87,516               64,960

                   Amount due from               34            Note               Lifetime ECL
                    a related party                                         (collective assessment)                      –                  575

                   Trade receivables             24            Note               Lifetime ECL
                                                                            (collective assessment)               450,278              370,857

                   Credit impaired                                                                                308,590              171,612

                                                                                                                  758,868              542,469

                   Other receivables             24          Low risk              12m ECL                          6,829                 4,978

                   Loan receivables              23          Low risk              12m ECL                          2,750               12,200

                   Financial asset
                     at FVTOCI
                   Debt instruments              26            N/A                 12m ECL
                     at FVTOCI                                                                                     28,697               33,530

                   Other Item
                   Contract assets               25            Note               Lifetime ECL
                                                                            (collective assessment)                25,562               31,776

                   Credit impaired                                                                                  2,187                 7,255

                                                                                                                  27,749                39,031

                  Note:   For trade receivables, contract assets, amounts due from associates and amount due from a related party, the Group has
                          applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. Except for debtors with credit-
                          impaired, the Group determines the ECL on these items on a collective basis, grouped by internal credit rating.



204 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the Year ended December 31, 2024




43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
          Credit risk (continued)
          Internal credit rating

          As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers in
          relation to its business operation. The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for
          all trade receivables, contract assets, amounts due from associates and amount due from a related party, which
          are assessed on a collective basis within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired) as at December 31, 2024 and 2023.
          Debtors with credit-impaired with gross carrying amounts of RMB310,777,000 as at December 31, 2024 were
          assessed individually (2023: RMB178,867,000).


                                                                    Gross carrying amount

                                                     31/12/2024                                 31/12/2023

                                                                         Trade                                      Trade
                                                                  receivables,                                receivables,
                                                                      contract                                   contract
                                                             assets, amounts                              assets, amounts
                                                                     due from                                   due from
                                                                    associates                                  associates
                                                                  and amount                                 and amount
                                                 Average           due from a               Average            due from a
                                                 loss rate       related party              loss rate        related party
                                                        %             RMB’000                     %              RMB’000


           Internal credit rating
           Low risk                                  1.53              137,642                  1.51             307,622
           Doubtful                                  2.70              425,714                  2.45             160,546


                                                                       563,356                                   468,168



          The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of
          the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
          The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is
          updated. The contract assets have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade receivables for the
          same type of contracts.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 205
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Credit risk (continued)
                  Internal credit rating (continued)

                  In the opinion of the directors of the Company, all trade receivables, contract assets, amounts due from
                  associates and amount due from a related party within Group low risk and doubtful at the end of the reporting
                  period which have been past due over 90 days are not considered as in default by considering the historical and
                  expected subsequent repayment from the trade debtors.


                  The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognized for trade receivables,
                  contract assets, amounts due from associates and amount due from a related party under the simplified
                  approach.


                                                                      Lifetime ECL          Lifetime ECL
                                                             (not credit-impaired)     (credit-impaired)                  Total
                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000


                   As at January 1, 2023                                     6,375                72,996                79,371
                   Transfer to credit-impaired                              (4,583)                4,583                      –
                   Impairment loss recognised                                9,015                11,390                20,405
                   Impairment loss reversed                                 (2,212)              (12,330)               (14,542)


                   As at December 31, 2023                                   8,595                76,639                85,234
                   Transfer to credit-impaired                                (992)                  992                      –
                   Impairment loss recognised                                9,223                19,942                29,165
                   Impairment loss reversed                                 (3,211)                (4,208)               (7,419)


                   As at December 31, 2024                                  13,615                93,365               106,980




206 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the Year ended December 31, 2024




43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
          Liquidity risk
          In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
          deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of
          fluctuations in cash flows. The Group monitors the utilizations of bank borrowings and relies on issuance of
          ordinary shares and bank borrowings as significant sources of liquidity.


          The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and lease
          liabilities based on agreed repayment terms. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash
          flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The table
          includes both interest and principal cash flows.


                                              Weighted
                                               Average       Within
                                              Effective   1 year and       1 to       2 to      Over                Carrying
                                            interest rate on demand     2 years    5 years    5 years       Total    amount
                                                     %     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000


           At December 31, 2024
           Trade and other payables                   –     531,604           –          –          –    531,604     531,604
           Amounts due to related parties             –       2,395           –          –          –      2,395       2,395
           Borrowings – fixed rate                 3.68     492,051     77,473           –          –    569,524     556,119
           Borrowings – variable rate              4.22      56,172     63,728    121,950    211,372     453,222     370,460
           Lease liabilities                       4.83         531        531           –          –      1,062       1,014


                                                           1,082,753   141,732    121,950    211,372    1,557,807   1,461,592




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024 207
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (b)    Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                  Liquidity risk (continued)


                                                      Weighted
                                                        Average        Within
                                                       Effective    1 year and                                               Carrying
                                                    interest rate   on demand    1 to 2 years   2 to 5 years        Total     amount
                                                              %      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


                   At December 31, 2023
                   Trade and other payables                    –      607,037              –              –      607,037     607,037
                   Amounts due to related parties              –        1,777              –              –        1,777       1,777
                   Borrowings – fixed rate                  3.91      371,743        61,932         59,637       493,312     477,665
                   Borrowings – variable rate               4.12      101,430       102,663        200,979       405,072     359,484
                   Lease liabilities                        4.00          798            373              –        1,171       1,142


                                                                    1,082,785      164,968        260,616      1,508,369    1,447,105



           (c)    Fair value measurements of financial instruments
                  Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. The
                  directors of the Company are responsible to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs for fair
                  value measurements.


                  In estimating the fair value, the Group use market-observable data to the extent it is available. For instruments
                  with significant unobservable inputs under Level 3, the Group engage third party qualified valuers to perform
                  the valuation and works closely with the qualified valuer to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and
                  inputs to the model.




208 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                        For the Year ended December 31, 2024




43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
    (c)   Fair value measurements of financial instruments (continued)
          (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a
                recurring basis
                Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
                following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are determined (in
                particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).


                                     Fair value as   Fair value as                       Valuation                   Significant         Relationship of
                                     at December     at December     Fair value          technique(s)                unobservable        unobservable inputs
                                         31, 2024       31, 2023     hierarchy           and key inputs              inputs              to fair value
                                        RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Debt instruments          28,697         33,530     Level 2             Discounted cash flow        N/A                 N/A
                    at FVTOCI                                                                Method, estimated
                                                                                             based on discount
                                                                                             rate observed in the
                                                                                             available market
                 Equity instrument         36,566         34,333     As at December 31, Market approach,             PBR and DLOM        The higher the PBR,
                    at FVTOCI                                           2024: Level 3        estimated based                                the higher the
                                                                                             on market Price-to-                            fair value
                                                                                             Book Ratio (“PBR”)                          The higher the DLOM,
                                                                                             after discounts for                            the lower the
                                                                                             lack of marketability                          fair value (Note)
                                                                                             (“DLOM”)
                                                                     As at December 31, Recent transaction price     N/A                 N/A
                                                                        2023: Level 2
                 Financial assets          28,803               –    As at December 31, Discounted cash flows        Expected return and The higher the
                    at FVTPL                                            2024: Level 3        method, estimated          market foreign      expected return
                                                                                             based on expected          exchange rate       and market foreign
                                                                                             return and market                              exchange rate,
                                                                                             foreign exchange                               the higher the
                                                                                             rate                                           fair value

                Note:     A 1% increase or decrease in PBR holding all other variables keep constant would increase or decrease the carrying
                          amount of the equity instrument at FVTOCI as at December 31, 2024 by RMB366,000.

                          A 1% increase or decrease in DLOM holding all other variables keep constant would decrease or increase the carrying
                          amount of the equity instrument at FVTOCI as at December 31, 2024 by RMB366,000.




                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 209
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    43.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
           (c)    Fair value measurements of financial instruments (continued)
                  (i)     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a
                          recurring basis (continued)
                          There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 during the years ended December 31, 2024 and
                          2023.


                          The Group owns 14.31% and 14.31% equity interest in Lingniu as at December 31, 2024 and 2023
                          respectively that is classified as investment at FVTOCI and is measured at fair value at each reporting
                          date. The fair value of the investment as at December 31, 2024 and 2023 amounted to RMB36,566,000
                          and RMB34,333,000 respectively. The fair value of the investment as at December 31, 2023 was
                          measured using recent transaction price and hence were classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
                          Recent transaction price of Lingniu was not available for its fair value determination as at December 31,
                          2024, therefore, the fair value of the investment was determined based on market approach and was
                          classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.


                  (ii)    Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements


                                                                                                        Equity          Financial
                                                                                                   instrument              assets
                                                                                                    at FVTOCI           at FVTPL
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


                           At December 31, 2023                                                              –                  –
                           Total gains in other comprehensive income                                    2,233                   –
                           Purchased                                                                         –            28,803
                           Transfers into level 3 due to change of valuation technique                 34,333                   –


                           At December 31, 2024                                                        36,566             28,803



                          Included in other comprehensive income is an amount of RMB2,233,000 gain relating to unlisted equity
                          investment classified as equity instrument at FVTOCI held as at December 31, 2024 and is reported as
                          changes of FVTOCI reserve.


                  (iii)   Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair
                          value
                          The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amount of the Group’s financial assets and
                          financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate to
                          their fair values.




210 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the Year ended December 31, 2024




44.	RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
    The employees of the Group entities in the PRC are members of the state-sponsored retirement benefit scheme
    organized by the relevant local government authority in the PRC. The PRC entities are required to contribute, based
    on a certain percentage of the payroll costs of their employees, to the retirement benefit scheme and have no further
    obligations for the actual payment of pensions or post-retirement benefits beyond the annual contributions. The total
    amount provided by the Group to the scheme in the PRC and charged to profit or loss are RMB17,998,000 (2023:
    RMB13,288,000) for the year ended December 31, 2024.


45.	PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
    Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are set out
    below.


                                                                                          Proportion of ownership interest and
                                                                                          voting power held by the Company

                                            Place and date            Issued and
                                         of establishment/         fully paid-in/
     Name of subsidiaries                    incorporation     registered capital   31/12/2024    31/12/2023 Principal activities
                                                                                            %             %


     Directly held
     Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute                 PRC       RMB20,341,100           90.46         90.46 Research and development
                                           August 10, 2017                                                       activities
     Beijing Guofu                                     PRC        RMB2,790,000            100            100 Special equipment
                                             April 25, 2021                                                      manufacturing
     Shanghai Qingping                                 PRC       RMB62,600,000            100            100 Special equipment
                                           January 14, 2021                                                      manufacturing
     Sichuan Guofu                                     PRC                    Nil         100            100 Science and technology
                                           August 13, 2021                                                       application services
     Inner Mongolia Guofu Hydrogen                     PRC                    Nil         100            100 Sales of hydrogen
       Energy Technology Co., Ltd.       November 29, 2022                                                       equipment
       (內蒙古國富氫能科技有限公司)
     Shanghai Guofu                                    PRC       RMB48,000,000            100            100 Special equipment
                                           January 25, 2022                                                      manufacturing
     Xinjiang Guofu (Note i)                           PRC       RMB23,050,000           92.02            90 Sales of hydrogen
                                           January 25, 2022                                                      equipment services
     GF Hydrogen Europe GmbH (Note iv)            Germany         USD99,999 and           100              – International wholesale
                                              July 11, 2022          EUR200,000                                  and retail trade,
                                                                                                                 including import and
                                                                                                                 export of hydrogen
                                                                                                                 energy products and
                                                                                                                 equipment, e-commerce
                                                                                                                 and commercial
                                                                                                                 agency services

                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 211
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    45.	PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                                                                            Proportion of ownership interest and
                                                                                                            voting power held by the Company

                                                              Place and date            Issued and
                                                           of establishment/         fully paid-in/
                 Name of subsidiaries                          incorporation     registered capital   31/12/2024    31/12/2023 Principal activities
                                                                                                              %             %


                 Indirectly held
                 Shanghai Qingmai (Note ii)                               PRC      RMB30,000,000              81            81 Science and technology
                                                              January 4, 2021                                                      application services
                 GF Hydrogen Europe GmbH (Note iv)                   Germany        USD99,999 and              –           100 International wholesale
                                                                 July 11, 2022         EUR200,000                                  and retail trade,
                                                                                                                                   including import and
                                                                                                                                   export of hydrogen
                                                                                                                                   energy products and
                                                                                                                                   equipment, e-commerce
                                                                                                                                   and commercial agency
                                                                                                                                   services
                 Guofuhee Holdings Pte. Ltd. (Note iii)             Singapore        USD5,000,000           100            100 Research and experimental
                                                            December 4, 2023                                                       development in
                                                                                                                                   environmental and clean
                                                                                                                                   technologies (excluding
                                                                                                                                   biotechnology)
                 GFH2 Dubai (Note iii)                    United Arab Emirates         USD600,000           100            100 Renewable energy
                                                             October 10, 2023                                                      consultancy

           Notes:

           i.           In September 2023, the Group acquired 70% equity interest of Xinjiang Guofu from an independent third party, Urumqi Longshengda
                        Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd. (烏魯木齊市隆盛達環保科技有限公司), with a total consideration of RMB400,000.
                        Upon the completion of this acquisition, Company held 90% equity interest of Xinjiang Guofu. In April, June, July and August 2024,
                        the Group contributed cash of RMB16,550,000 as additional capital injection in Xinjiang Guofu and held 92.02% equity interest as at
                        December 31, 2024.

           ii.          Shanghai Qingmai is a subsidiary of Hydrogen Cloud Research Institute.

           iii.         Guofuhee Holdings Pte. Ltd. and GFH2 Dubai are subsidiaries of Shanghai Guofu.

           iv.          GF Hydrogen Europe GmbH was a subsidiary of Shanghai Guofu for the year ended December 31, 2023. On March 21, 2024, Shanghai
                        Guofu entered into an agreement with the Company to transfer 100% equity interest of GF Hydrogen Europe GmbH to the Company
                        with a consideration of Nil. Upon the completion of the equity transfer, GF Hydrogen Europe GmbH became a wholly-owned subsidiary
                        of the Company.


           None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.




212 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




46.	RECONCILIATION OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
    ACTIVITIES
   The table below details changes in the Group’s assets and liabilities arising from financing activities, including both
   cash and non-cash changes. Assets and liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were,
   or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing
   activities.


                                                                      Accrued/Prepaid Advanced receipt
                                   Borrowings     Lease liabilities        issue costs   of investment               Total
                                      RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


    At January 1, 2023                 534,249                 354                  –                 –            534,603
    Financing cash flows               273,453                (483)              (700)         200,000             472,270
    Issue costs incurred                     –                   –              1,443                 –              1,443
    New leases entered                       –               1,242                  –                 –              1,242
    Finance costs                       29,447                  29                  –                 –             29,476


    At December 31, 2023               837,149               1,142                743          200,000           1,039,034
    Financing cash flows                56,339              (1,158)           (11,784)                –             43,397
    Issue costs incurred                     –                   –             11,321                 –             11,321
    New leases entered                       –               1,498                  –                 –              1,498
    Lease terminated                         –                (541)                 –                 –               (541)
    Issue of shares                          –                   –                  –          (200,000)          (200,000)
    Finance costs                       33,091                  73                  –                 –             33,164


    At December 31, 2024               926,579               1,014                280                 –            927,873




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024 213
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    47.	STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

                                                                             31/12/2024   31/12/2023
                                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000


            Non-current assets
               Property, plant and equipment                                    701,360     651,609
               Right-of-use assets                                               52,205      55,310
               Intangible assets                                                  9,795      11,427
               Investments in associates                                        130,710      30,636
               Investments in subsidiaries                                      157,591      77,746
               Contract assets                                                   16,428      11,644
               Deferred tax assets                                              112,959      68,970
               Prepayment for acquisition of property, plant and equipment        4,335      21,455
               Loan receivables                                                   1,320        1,760
               Trade receivables                                                 63,643      12,938


                                                                              1,250,346     943,495


            Current assets
               Inventories                                                      129,470     178,431
               Loan receivables                                                    978       10,440
               Trade and other receivables                                      609,733     477,384
               Contract assets                                                   10,370      24,310
               Debt instruments at FVTOCI                                        27,469      33,530
               Amounts due from associates                                       85,487      63,816
               Amounts due from subsidiaries                                     52,553      55,378
               Financial assets at FVTPL                                         28,803            –
               Restricted bank deposits                                           4,413      21,219
               Cash and cash equivalents                                        316,326     300,934


                                                                              1,265,602    1,165,442




214 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                             For the Year ended December 31, 2024




47.	STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
    (continued)

                                                                31/12/2024           31/12/2023
                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000


    Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                     546,277              614,844
      Borrowings                                                   485,197              447,989
      Lease liabilities                                                   –                 770
      Provisions                                                      3,735               3,718
      Contract liabilities                                            5,782              13,850
      Amounts due to related parties                                  2,395               1,777
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                    28,348               5,233
      Deferred income                                                49,882               1,341


                                                                  1,121,616           1,089,522


    Net current assets                                             143,986               75,920


    Total assets less current liabilities                         1,394,332           1,019,415


    Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                                104,710               92,829
      Reserves                                                     907,487              494,642


    Total equity                                                  1,012,197             587,471


    Non-current liabilities
      Borrowings                                                   351,893              389,160
      Lease liabilities                                                   –                 372
      Provisions                                                      7,771               6,810
      Deferred income                                                22,471              35,602


                                                                   382,135              431,944


                                                                  1,394,332           1,019,415




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024 215
    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
    For the Year ended December 31, 2024




    47.	STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
        (continued)
           Movement in the Company’s reserves


                                                                                        Share-
                                                                                         based
                                                             Share        FVTOCI      payment Accumulated
                                                          premium        reserve        reserve        losses         Total
                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


            At January 1, 2023                             731,614          (493)             –      (194,403)      536,718
            Loss for the year                                    –             –              –       (66,613)      (66,613)
            Other comprehensive income for the year              –           238              –             –           238


            Total comprehensive income (expense)
               for the year                                      –           238              –       (66,613)      (66,375)
            Issue of restricted shares (Note 36)            19,495             –              –             –        19,495
            Recognition of equity-settled share-based
               payments (Note 37)                                –             –          4,804             –         4,804


            At December 31, 2023                           751,109          (255)         4,804      (261,016)      494,642
            Loss for the year                                    –             –              –      (209,155)     (209,155)
            Other comprehensive income for the year              –            67              –             –            67


            Total comprehensive income (expense)
               for the year                                      –            67              –      (209,155)     (209,088)
            Issue of shares (Note 36)                      219,480             –              –             –       219,480
            Issue of shares upon the IPO (Note 36)         354,734             –              –             –       354,734
            Transaction costs attribute to issue of
               new shares                                  (12,764)            –              –             –       (12,764)
            Recognition of equity-settled share-based
               payments (Note 37)                                –             –        60,483              –        60,483


            At December 31, 2024                         1,312,559          (188)       65,287       (470,171)      907,487



    48.	EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
           There are no material subsequent events undertaken by the Group after December 31, 2024 and up to the date of this
           report.




216 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                            Definitions

“AGM”                             the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Tuesday, May 20, 2025


“Articles of Association”         the articles of association of our Company, as amended from time to time


“Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Board


“Board” or “Board of Directors”   the board of Directors


“CG Code”                         the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules


“Company” or “our Company”        Jiangsu Guofu Hydrogen Energy Equipment Co., Ltd. (江蘇國富氫能技術裝備股份有限公
                                  司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on June 13, 2016 and converted
                                  into a joint stock limited company on August 31, 2020, whose H Shares have been listed
                                  on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


“Director(s)”                     the director(s) of our Company


“Domestic Unlisted Share(s)”      ordinary Shares in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                  each, which are subscribed for and paid up in RMB


“FY2023”                          the year ended December 31, 2023


“FY2024”                          the year ended December 31, 2024


“Global Offering”                 an offering of 6,000,000 H Shares, comprising a final Hong Kong public offering of
                                  600,000 H Shares and a final international offering of 5,400,000 H Shares


“Group”, “we”, “us” or”our”       the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time


“Inner Mongolia Guofu”            Inner Mongolia Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* (內蒙古國富氫能科技有限
                                  公司), a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on November 29, 2022 and a
                                  wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company


“H Share(s)”                      overseas-listed, foreign-invested, ordinary Shares issued by the Company with a nominal
                                  value of RMB1.00 each in the share capital of the Company, which are traded in Hong
                                  Kong dollars and listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


“HK$” or “Hong Kong dollars”      Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong


“Hong Kong” or “HK”               the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 217
    Definitions




    “Hydrogen Cloud Research           Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Cloud New Energy Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (張家港氫雲新
      Institute”                       能源研究院有限公司), a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on August 10,
                                       2017, held by the Company as to 90.46% and Jiangsu Southeast University Asset
                                       Management Co., Ltd.* (江蘇東南大學資產經營有限公司) as to 9.54%, and a non-wholly
                                       owned subsidiary of the Company


    “Hydrogen Win New Energy”          Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Win New Energy Industry Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (張
                                       家港氫贏新能源產業合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC
                                       on December 14, 2023 as an employee incentive platform and was owned by 38 limited
                                       partners, with the general partner being Mr. Wu


    “Hydrogen Ying New Energy”         Zhangjiagang Hydrogen Ying New Energy Industry Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (張
                                       家港氫盈新能源產業合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC
                                       on December 14, 2023 as an employee incentive platform and was owned by 39 limited
                                       partners, with the general partner being Mr. Wu


    “Listing”                          the listing of the H Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on November 15,
                                       2024


    “Listing Rules”                    the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange, as amended,
                                       supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


    “Main Board”                       the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange which
                                       is independent from and operated in parallel with the Growth Enterprise Market of the
                                       Stock Exchange


    “Model Code”                       the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in
                                       Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


    “Mr. Wang”                         Mr. Wang Kai (王凱), the general manager of the Company and an executive Director


    “Mr. Wu”                           Mr. Wu Pinfang (鄔品芳), the chairman of the Board and an executive Director


    “New Cloud Technology”             Zhangjiagang New Cloud Technology Industry Consulting Enterprise (Limited Partnership)*
                                       (張家港新雲科技產業諮詢企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership incorporated in the PRC
                                       on April 11, 2016, with two general partners, being Mr. Wu and Mr. Wang, and 24 limited
                                       partners


    “Nomination Committee”             the nomination committee of the Board


    “PRC” or “China”                   The People’s Republic of China




218 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
                                                                                                         Definitions




“PRC Company Law”                   the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國公司法》), as amended,
                                    supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan(s)”   the pre-IPO employee share incentive plans adopted by the Company on January 13,
                                    2019, October 10, 2020 and November 24, 2023, the principal terms of which are
                                    summarized under the section headed “Report of the Board of Directors – Pre-IPO Share
                                    Incentive Plans” in this annual report


“Prospectus”                        the prospectus issued by the Company in connection with the Global Offering dated
                                    November 7, 2024


“Qingjie New Energy”                Zhangjiagang Qingjie New Energy Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (張家
                                    港氫捷新能源科技合夥企業（有限合夥）), a limited partnership established in the PRC
                                    on January 17, 2019 as an employee incentive platform and was owned by 37 limited
                                    partners, with the general partner being Mr. He Guangliang (何光亮), a Supervisor


“R&D”                               research and development


“Remuneration and                   the remuneration and review committee of the Board
  Review Committee”


“RMB”                               Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“SFC”                               the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong


“SFO”                               the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                    amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Shanghai Guofu”                    Shanghai Guofu Hydrogen Energy Technology Equipment Co., Ltd.* (上海國富氫能技術
                                    裝備有限公司), a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on January 25, 2022
                                    and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company


“Shanghai Qingmai”                  Shanghai Qingmai Engineering Technology Co., Ltd.* (上海氫邁工程技術有限公司), a
                                    limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on January 4, 2021, held by Hydrogen
                                    Cloud Research Institute, Li Huaqiang (李華強) and Wang Xiaohong (王曉虹) as to
                                    90.00%, 5.00% and 5.00%, respectively, and a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
                                    Company


“Shanghai Qingping”                 Shanghai Qingping Technology Equipment Co., Ltd.* (上海氫平技術裝備有限公司), a
                                    limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on January 14, 2021 and a wholly-
                                    owned subsidiary of the Company


“Share(s)”                          ordinary share(s) with nominal value of RMB1.00 each in the share capital of the
                                    Company, comprising the Domestic Unlisted Shares and our H Shares


                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 219
    Definitions




    “Shareholder(s)”                     holder(s) of the Shares


    “Stock Exchange”                     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


    “Strategy Committee”                 the strategy committee of the Board


    “Supervisor(s)”                      supervisor(s) of the Company


    “Supervisory Committee”              the supervisory committee of our Company


    “United States”                      the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to its
                                         jurisdiction


    “%”                                  per cent


    If there is any inconsistency between the names of any of the entities, laws and regulations mentioned in this annual report
    which are not in the English language and their English translations, the names in their respective original languages shall
    prevail. The English translations are marked with “*” for identification purpose only.




220 JIANGSU GUOFU HYDROGEN ENERGY EQUIPMENT CO., LTD.
