AVEVA Group plc
Annual Report and Accounts 2019




    We are leading
   the digitalisation
      of industr y
     Driving the digitalisatio
  Number of
customer sites
 using AVEVA
   software
    globally



                                     Oil & Gas


                                     1,000,000
                                     Miles of pipeline and
                                     300 refineries
      Water Treatment


      8,000
      Water and wastewater sites
      globally




                                       Oil & Gas


 Education                             19    of the top 40
                                       petroleum companies
 We provide Software and
 grants to universities around the         See our ADNOC case study
 world.                                    on pages 2-3


     See page 41
on of the industrial world


                                              Marine



     Chemicals
                                              9   out of the 10
                                              largest shipyards



     22    of the top 40
     chemical companies


        See our Covestro case study
        on pages 4-5




                                                  Power


                                                  1,000
                                                  Power stations and power
                                                  generating units




         Metals & Mining
         Black Rock Mine

         10      of the top 15 mines



              See our Black Rock case study
              on pages 6-7
AVEVA creates industrial
software that inspires people
to shape the future
We believe industry advancement should enhance the human
experience. Here’s how we live our mission:

COLLABORATE
The challenges our customers face inspire us to develop
groundbreaking solutions. We harness the power of our
ecosystem by working together to bring bold ideas to life.

CREATE
We build leading solutions across the asset and operations
lifecycles that turn opportunity into business value, evolving
the industries that power our world.

PIONEER
We discover new ways to empower people and industries,
enabling the success of our customers and the prosperity
of communities.




                                   Download our “AVEVA
                                 Industrial Experience” app
                                    for iOS and hold your
                                   device over the AVEVA
                                   logo on the back cover
                                          to launch.
To find out more, please visit
our website: www.aveva.com
                                                                                                                                            Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements        01




GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY MEGA TRENDS



    CONNECTED DEVICES
                                                                                                                                          The digital world
                                                                                                                                          Unprecedented growth in digital technology


              7BN   connected “things”
                                                                      Internet of things
                                                                                                            26BN
                                                                                                            connected “things”
                                                                                                                                          Since the turn of the century, there has been an explosion in
                                                                                                                                          innovation, leading to increases in computing power, connectivity,
                                                                                                                                          network capacity and speed, cheaply and at scale.
                                                                      Tablets
                                                                      Smartphones
                                                                                                                                          Everyone and everything is now interconnected and the vast
                                                                      PCs
                                                                                                                                          amounts of data collected are able to be captured, tracked and
                                                                                                                                          be put to use with previously unimagined possibilities.

    2014                                         2016                                        2018                               2020
                                                                                                                                              Global technology mega trends
                                                                                                                                              More on pages 12-13




    PROGRESS THROUGH THE
    DIGITALISATION CURVE
                                                                                                                    Finance & Insurance
                                                                                                                                          Digital revolution
                                                                                                                                          Industries are being transformed
                                                                                                                           IT
 Low



                                                                                       Telecom

                                                                                    Retail                                                Many industries have begun their digital transformation journey.
                                                                                                                                          The most successful companies in retail, the music industry and
                                                                                                                                          consumer technology have leveraged the power of digitalisation.
 Complexity
                                                          Automotive

                                                          Utilities
                                     Marine
                             Industrials
                                                     Materials
                                                                                                                                          We believe that for the complex industries that AVEVA serves,
               Food & Beverage                                                                                                            the time for industrial digital transformation is now.
                 Buildings
               Energy


 High                                                                                                                                         Digitalisation of industry
                                                                                                       AVEVA’s target industries

                                                                                                                                              More on pages 14-15




                                                                         Asset
                                                                      Performance
                                                                                                                                          We’ll take you there
                                                                                                                                          We’re ready. Are you?
                                              Engineer
                                                                                                Monitor
                                               Procure
                                              Construct
                                                                                              and Control                                 AVEVA has the full end-to-end portfolio to help customers cut
                                                             Industrial                                                                   costs, improve efficiency and boost productivity through digital
                                                           Digitalisation                                                                 transformation.

                                                                                                                                          Read our case studies to learn how we have helped others,
                                                    Operate
                                                  and Optimise
                                                                                      Plan and
                                                                                      Schedule
                                                                                                                                          and how we can take you on your journey.


                                                                                                                                              Building what’s next together
                                                                                                                                              More on pages 16-17
02    AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




Customer case study                   Industry

ADNOC                                 OIL & GAS




                                                             How our
                       Asset
                    Performance



 Engineer
  Procure
 Construct
                                        Monitor
                                      and Control   Digital Transformation
                                                    at Abu Dhabi National
                                                    Oil Company
       Operate                    Plan and
     and Optimise                 Schedule




                                                    ADNOC is one of the world’s leading
                                                    energy producers, operating across
                                                    the entire hydrocarbon value chain.
                                                          Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements   03




te c h n o l o g y. . .
BUSINESS CHALLENGE
ADNOC is transforming into
                                       CUSTOMER BENEFIT
                                       Using AVEVA software, ADNOC
                                                                                  “ The AVE VA
an Industry 4.0 organisation to
maximise returns from every barrel
                                       has developed a platform through
                                       which all departments and operating          team tr ul y
                                                                                   believed in
of oil. To begin this journey, data    units communicate with each other
was centralised and integrated         in real time. Managers visualise
from 14 operating companies            a full company view as well as
onto a single platform.                specific individual operations
                                       to analyse and determine the                  ADNOC ’s
                                                                                      vision.”
SOLUTIONS PROVIDED                     impact of actions and events on
                                       specific areas of its business.
• Monitoring & Control to provide
  a real-time overview of operations
                                       FUTURE PLANS                                      Tasnim Al Mzaini
• Asset Performance Management         ADNOC is creating a predictive             Panorama Project Manager, ADNOC
  to reduce maintenance costs
                                       maintenance platform using
  and downtime
                                       AVEVA’s Asset Performance
• Planning & Scheduling to optimise    Management solution.
  production planning
04    AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




Customer case study                      Industry

COVESTRO CHEMICALS


Digitalising operations in
Covestro’s chemical manufacturing
Covestro is a world-leading manufacturer of
high-tech polymer materials, supplying the
automotive, construction, cosmetics, electronics,
fashion & sportswear and healthcare industries.




                    ...is benefiting
                       Asset
                    Performance



 Engineer
                                                    BUSINESS CHALLENGE                      CUSTOMER BENEFIT
                                        Monitor
  Procure
                                                    Covestro is digitalising operations     The organisation is already operating
                                      and Control
 Construct

                                                    to enable a holistic view               on a highly automated and productive
                                                    of the asset life cycle.                level. In addition to that, it now has
                                                                                            a single, easy-to-use simulation
       Operate                    Plan and          SOLUTIONS PROVIDED                      platform combining tools to improve
     and Optimise                 Schedule
                                                                                            asset efficiency. This will lead to
                                                    • Engineering, use process simulation   further improvements in energy
                                                      to enhance understanding of
                                                                                            use, waste reduction and plant
                                                      operations, predict performance
                                                                                            throughput, with even less unplanned
                                                      and optimise processes with a high
                                                                                            downtime and increased safety.
                                                      degree of accuracy.
                                                    • Operate & Optimise, rolling out       FUTURE PLANS
                                                      Manufacturing Execution Solutions
                                                                                            Covestro is evaluating Asset
                                                      (MES) to further digitalise their
                                                                                            Performance Management to
                                                      production.
                                                                                            improve asset availability.
                                Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements   05




 “AVE VA Predictive A s set A nal y tic s
  was the sof t ware that convinced
   me that machine lear ning was
      real and that it wor ked.”
                         Jane Arnold
              Executive Vice President, Covestro




companies...
06    AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




Customer case study                                                       Industry

BLACK ROCK MINE OPERATIONS MINING


Single Centralised Control
at Black Rock Mine Operations
Black Rock Mine Operations produces 3.7 million
tonnes of manganese ore per year in the Northern
Cape Province, South Africa.
Manganese is an essential element for steel
production, fertilisers and battery technology.




                                                            ...a r o u n d
                       Asset
                    Performance



 Engineer
                                                    BUSINESS CHALLENGE                       CUSTOMER BENEFIT
                                        Monitor
  Procure
                                                    Black Rock was looking to                AVEVA’s solution facilitated a
                                      and Control
 Construct

                                                    achieve a holistic view of the           significant increase in uptime,
                                                    production value chain via a single      safety improvements and almost
                                                    platform to drive efficiency and         double-digit growth in productivity.
       Operate                    Plan and          productivity improvements.
     and Optimise                 Schedule
                                                                                             FUTURE PLANS
                                                    SOLUTIONS PROVIDED                       Black Rock’s goal is to become
                                                    • Monitoring & Control to provide an     the most efficient underground
                                                      operational interface and integrated   mine in the world.
                                                      real-time overview of operations.
                                     Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements   07




the world
“ The centr al control room environment
   enables us to concentr ate our key
decision maker s in one area to suppor t
each other in ter ms of plant ef ficienc y
      and oper ational ef ficienc y.”
                             Pierre Becker
           Senior General Manager, Black Rock Mine Operations
08   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




WHAT’S INSIDE OUR REPORT


      Building                                                               Asset
                                                                          Performance




     what ’s nex t                                     Engineer
                                                        Procure
                                                                                              Monitor
                                                                                            and Control



      together
                                                       Construct




                   Pages 16-17
                                                             Operate                    Plan and
                                                           and Optimise                 Schedule




CHAIRMAN’S                               BUSINESS                              CONTENTS
STATEMENT                                MODEL                                 Strategic Report
                                                                               10 Chairman’s Statement
                                                                               11 Business model
Another successful                       How we generate                       12 Global technology mega trends
                                                                               14 Digitalisation of industry
year for AVEVA                           value for our                         16 Building what’s next together
                                                                               18 Chief Executive’s review
                                         stakeholders                          22 Strategy
                                                                               24 Key Performance Indicators
                                                                               26 Principal risks
Page 10                                  Page 11                               32 Finance review
                                                                               38 Corporate social responsibility report


CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S                        STRATEGY                              Governance Report

REVIEW                                                                         Pages 44-83

Delivering                               Driving                               Financial Statements
                                                                               Pages 84-140
digitalisation                           sustainable
of industry                              growth                                Glossary
                                                                               Page 141

Pages 18-21                              Pages 22-23

KEY PERFORMANCE                          FINANCE
INDICATORS                               REVIEW
How we measure                           Good progress
our progress                             against all key
                                         targets
Pages 24-25                              Pages 32-37
                                                                                           Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements                            09




HOW WE PERFORMED


The statutory results1 show 12                               To provide a more meaningful
months of trading for the heritage                           measure of year-on-year
Schneider Electric industrial                                performance of the combined
software business (SES) in the                               trading performance, non-
comparative period to March                                  statutory results are also shown
2018, together with one month of                             for the combined Group on a
the heritage AVEVA business.                                 pro forma basis2.




     766.6M                                                       775.2M
                                                                                                                          AVEVA delivered a strong

£                                                            £
                                                                                                                          performance in its first full year
                                                                                                                          as a combined company and
                                                                                                                          integration has progressed well
Revenue (statutory )       1
                                                             Revenue (pro forma2)
                                                                                                                          across all functions of the business.
Up 57.6% (2018: £486.3m)                                     Up 11.9% (2018: £692.5m)
                                                                                                                          Digitalisation is accelerating in
                                                                                                                          the industries we serve, driving
                                                                                                                          ongoing growth in demand for



     46.7M                                                        184.5M
                                                                                                                          industrial software. AVEVA is well
                                                                                                                          placed to capture this demand by

£                                                            £                                                            working with its customers to turn
                                                                                                                          opportunities into business value,
                                                                                                                          delivering solutions across the
Profit before tax (statutory)                                Adjusted3 EBIT (pro forma)
                                                                                                                          asset and operations lifecycle.
Up 35.4% (2018: £34.5m)                                      Up 19.8% (2018: £154.0m)
                                                                                                                          We remain confident in the outlook
                                                                                                                          and in meeting our medium-term
                                                                                                                          targets of delivering revenue



20.90P                                                       90.90P
                                                                                                                          growth at least in-line with the
                                                                                                                          industrial software market,
                                                                                                                          increasing recurring revenue as
                                                                                                                          a percentage of overall revenue
Diluted EPS (statutory)                                      Adjusted3 diluted EPS                                        to 60% and improving AVEVA’s
Down 47.4% (2018: 39.72p)                                    Up 27.0% (2018: 71.59p)                                      Adjusted EBIT margin to 30%.

                                                                                                                          Craig Hayman
                                                                                                                          CEO




54.3%
Recurring revenue4
                                                             £    127.8M
                                                             Net cash
Up 270 bps (2018: 51.6%)                                     Up 32.8% (2018: £95.8m)

1   Statutory results are stated under acquisition accounting principles and therefore the results for the 12 months to 31 March 2018 include 12 months of heritage SES and one
    month of heritage AVEVA.

2   Pro forma results include results for both heritage SES and heritage AVEVA for the 12 months to 31 March 2018 and exclude a negative adjustment to revenue of £8.6m for the
    12 months to 31 March 2019 reflecting an acquisition accounting adjustment to deferred revenue on the opening balance sheet.

3   Adjusted earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) and adjusted earnings per share (EPS) are calculated before amortisation of intangible assets (excluding other software),
    share-based payments, gain/loss on fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts and exceptional items. Adjusted EPS also includes the tax effects of these adjustments.
    When expressed on a pro forma basis they are also calculated before the acquisition accounting adjustment to deferred revenue.

4   Recurring revenue is defined as rental and subscriptions software licence revenue plus support and maintenance revenue.
10   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Another successful
year for AVEVA

AVEVA made excellent progress in
the financial year ended March 2019,
delivering good growth within the
year while strengthening the Group’s
future prospects.


Overview                                      Board developments                           Summary and outlook
The combination of the heritage AVEVA         We have a strong and diversified             The Board would like to express its
and the Schneider Electric Industrial         Board and were pleased to welcome            sincere thanks to all our 4,500 employees
Software business just before the start       Paula Dowdy as an independent Non-           across the globe for their hard work and
of the year created a new global leader       Executive Director on 1 February 2019.       dedication, recognising the significant
in industrial software, optimally placed                                                   efforts from our people to make this a
to advance the digitalisation of the          Paula is the Senior Vice President &         success. We would also like to thank
industrial world with an unmatched            General Manager EMEA for Illumina Inc.,      our customers, shareholders and other
set of solutions (see page 22).               the global leader in DNA sequencing and      stakeholders for their continued support.
                                              array-based technologies. Prior to her
Craig Hayman, our CEO, and James Kidd,        appointment to Illumina in 2016, Paula       The new enlarged AVEVA has an
our Deputy CEO and CFO, have been             worked for Cisco in a variety of senior      exciting future. Digitalisation is bringing
focused on leading the integration of         sales, services and strategy roles, most     huge benefits to the industrial world
the enlarged AVEVA Group so that it is        recently as Senior Vice President for        and AVEVA is well positioned to
structured to meet its long-term potential.   Cloud, Software and Managed Services.        play a key role with its customers in
I am pleased to report that the integration                                                leading this digitalisation journey.
process is progressing very well (see page    Paula’s international and technology
19). I am also pleased that this has been     experience further strengthens the Board     Philip Aiken AM
achieved while driving a strong financial     and we look forward to her contribution to   Chairman
performance across the Group during the       the Group’s strategy and development.        19 May 2019
year (see page 32) with strong growth
in revenue and profit. On a pro forma
basis, adjusted earnings per share grew
27.0% and this has allowed us to increase
the final dividend for the year 7.4% to
29.0 pence, taking the total dividend
for the year to 43.0 pence per share.




                                                                     “ We remain excited about the huge benefits
                                                                     that digitalisation will bring to the industrial
                                                                     world and about the key role that AVEVA will
                                                                       play in leading this digitalisation journey.”
                                                                                               Philip Aiken
                                                                                                Chairman
                                                           Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements       11




BUSINESS MODEL

How we generate value
for our stakeholders

     How we operate                     Why our customers choose us                                Value creation



                                                   AVEVA has
We invest over                                                                               AVEVA recognises that it
                                                 16,000
£100m
                                                                                             has a responsibility to
                                        customers including many of the                      act as a positive force,
into R&D every year                world’s largest and best known companies.                 enabling all of its
                                                                                             stakeholders to thrive.
In the last year we have filed   Our software makes it easier to create complex
21 PATENTS                         industrial assets, enabling greatly improved
                                  designs and lower build costs. It also enables             We aim to generate long-
and have issued                  companies to operate complex industrial assets              term value for our investors
OVER 90                           more efficiently by increasing output, reducing
                                     maintenance costs and increasing safety.
                                                                                             by delivering profitable
                                                                                             growth as a function of
product releases.
                                                                                             providing valuable solutions
                                                                                             to our customers.

                                                                                                 Financial review
                                                    Improve                                      See pages 32-37
AVEVA employs a highly
                                                      their
skilled global workforce of                         designs                                      Strategy
                                                                                                 See pages 22-23
4,500 people
This includes over                                                                           We are committed to
70 PhDs                                           As a result            Lower
                                                                                             engaging with, advancing
                                                                                             and retaining our employees,
                                 Increase
                                                                       their build           across
                                  safety           they can:             costs
                                                                                             80 nationalities
We generate revenue
                                                                                             in 44 countries
through licensing                                                                                CSR
software                                             Operate                                     See pages 38-43
                                                       more
Customers pay for software                          efficiently
licences, support and
maintenance fees and other                                                                   We invest in our
professional services.                            by increasing                              communities.
                                                 output, reducing
                                                maintenance costs                            AVEVA has pledged to
                                                                                             donate the equivalent of
                                                                                             1% of net profits
Our shared values are                                                                        to local charities throughout
key to our business                                                                          its operational footprint.
performance                                                                                      CSR
Limitless possibilities,                                                                         See pages 38-43
Integrity always,
Flexibility together and
Excellence every day

AVEVA LIFE
See page 39


                                       Customer case studies
                                       See pages 2-7
12   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




                   Global technology
                                         Definition                        Enabling tech



II OT                                    The Industrial                    These have been enabled by
                                                                           technological advancements,
BIG DATA                                 Internet of Things (IIoT)         including improved telecoms
                                         is a vast network of devices      networks, cloud computing and
                                         connected to the internet,        scale, such that the cost of making
                                         allowing for communications       a device “smart” is <$10.
                                         between these devices.

                                         Big Data refers to the
                                         huge amounts of information
                                         collected by these extensive
                                         networks of connected devices.




VISUALISATION                            Data Visualisation                Advancements in 3D visualisation,
                                                                           augmented reality, virtual reality
                                         involves the creation of and
                                                                           and accessibility of this technology,
                                         visual representation of data,
                                                                           driven by cloud computing and the
                                         and is used to communicate        ubiquity of mobile connectivity,
                                         complex information clearly       allow for consumption of data
                                         and effectively.                  whenever and wherever required.




ARTIFICIAL                               Artificial                        Once exclusively the domain of big
                                                                           tech companies, AI is becoming
INTELLIGENCE                             Intelligence (AI)                 increasingly affordable, with
                                         is the simulation of human        inexpensive cloud computing
                                         intelligence processes by         able to provide the necessary
                                         machines, particularly computer   processing power.
                                         systems. These processes
                                         include learning, reasoning and
                                         self-correction, without which
                                         big data couldn’t be analysed.
                                                             Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements                13




mega trends                                                                        Macro level           Industry level   AVEVA level




Why this is important                    CONNECTED DEVICES

More information is available today
than ever before, giving the potential



                                                                                                                26BN
for unprecedented insight.

                                                                             Internet of things

                                          7BN   connected “things”                                              connected “things”
                                                                             Tablets
                                                                             Smartphones

                                                                             PCs




                                         2014                        2016                         2018                            2020


Huge volumes of complex data are
not easy to interpret unless they are
presented clearly and accessibly.
Effective data visualisation enables
greater understanding and therefore
better decision-making.




Artificial Intelligence can interpret
and learn from vast volumes of data,
                                                     “Data is the fuel that powers
using those learnings to achieve                     the IoT and an organisation’s
specific goals and tasks through
flexible adaptation.                                   ability to derive meaning
                                                        from it will define their
                                                          long-term success.”
                                                                             Gartner
14   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




                                             Digitalisation
                                         Why is this relevant to industry?



II OT                                    There are                                It is estimated that by 2020,


                                         50,000
                                                                                  there will be
BIG DATA

                                         separate identifiable devices in an
                                         average plant, many with sensors
                                                                                  50BN
                                                                                  assets connected and sending data
                                         that are continuously providing          via the internet, but today less than
                                         status information.                      3% of data is tagged or used in a
                                                                                  meaningful way.
                                                                                  (Source: IDC)




VISUALISATION                            Vast quantities of plant data are of     A Digital Twin is an effective way
                                         limited use without the tools to         of visualising and replicating a
                                         collect, interrogate and consume it.     physical asset. Together with the
                                         The easiest way to understand the        intelligent interpretation of the big
                                         workings of a plant is to visualise it   data captured, a Digital Twin can
                                         as a Digital Twin: an interactive,       be used to identify areas requiring
                                         working, digital representation of       attention and allow for real-time
                                         the physical asset.                      simulation of repairs and
                                                                                  maintenance, enabling safe practice
                                                                                  and training ahead of site visits.




ARTIFICIAL                               AI analyses big data collected from      This facilitates efficient predictive
                                         the IIoT to automate routine work        maintenance, reducing costs,
INTELLIGENCE                             and provide insight into patterns of     minimising downtime and
                                         behaviour. This enables better and       enhancing safety.
                                         faster decision-making by human
                                         operators, allowing for unparalleled
                                         control of and understanding of
                                         operational data.
                                                                    Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements         15




of industry                                                                             Macro level   Industry level      AVEVA level




Process and manufacturing industries have taken longer
to digitalise than consumer industries due to their high
complexity, but the transformational power of industry
digitalisation is not to be underestimated, with Amazon,
Microsoft and Spotify examples of companies achieving
success through embracing digitalisation.

   PROGRESS THROUGH THE
   DIGITALISATION CURVE
                                                                                                         Finance & Insurance

                                                                                                                 IT
Low



                                                                           Telecom

                                                                        Retail




Complexity
                                                 Automotive

                                                 Utilities
                                   Marine   Materials
                           Industrials
             Food & Beverage
               Buildings
             Energy


High
                                                                                            AVEVA’s target industries




Digital technology has changed all             then it stalled. The twin concerns of        For companies in the vanguard, this
our lives, from shopping, to the supply        cost and risk, combined with the             opens up opportunities as the power
chain, to advertising. It has changed          phenomenal complexity of industrial          of new technology becomes clear, but
industries, first with financial               operations, delayed industrial digital       also presents the challenge of finding
systems, now with how we shop and              transformation at scale. However, as         the right solution among the myriad
communicate. Momentum has built                innovation has gained momentum               possibilities. To be successful, you
through innovations like cloud, big            and consumers have embraced                  need to identify the right partner to
data and mobility. Thanks to these             digital tools, the power of digital          work with, and to empower your
innovations, unimagined possibilities          technology to cut costs, improve             workforce to lead digital change.
are now available to all of us, cheaply        efficiency and boost productivity in         Craig Hayman
and at scale.                                  the industrial arena has become              CEO AVEVA
But in industry, it has been a different       clear. And now we are seeing the
story. Industry was among the first to         dawn of a new industrial revolution:
use transactional technology, but              Industry 4.0.
16   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




      Building what’s next
                                         How AVEVA’s customers are leveraging technology mega trends



II OT                                    Wonderware, an AVEVA product            NIS AD, an Oil & Gas company,
                                         with nearly                             realised a reduction of
BIG DATA
                                         40%
                                         market share in monitoring and
                                                                                 20%
                                                                                 in staff labour costs since
                                         control, connects to millions of IIoT   adopting System Platform.
                                         devices, allowing the capture of        Its implementation also led to
                                         billions of data points with            an increase in overall production.
                                         expanded built-in support for
                                         third party sensors.




VISUALISATION                            We have integrated engineering          Yamal, an EPC, has saved


                                                                                 6 months
                                         data with real-time operational
                                         data to provide an end-to-end
                                         Digital Twin, covering plant design
                                         through to process design and           of on-site work by using AVEVA
                                         operations. AVEVA Engage enables        Engage to allow for collaborative,
                                         easy and immediate visualisation        detailed reviews by engineers
                                         of this complex data in an              before they visit their site deep in
                                         operational setting.                    the Russian arctic, reducing wasted
                                                                                 visits and lowering risk.




ARTIFICIAL                               AVEVA Asset Predictive Analytics        Duke Energy used the power of
                                         uses data captured from IIoT            advanced pattern recognition
INTELLIGENCE                             devices and analyses it to predict      within Predictive Analytics to
                                         machine behaviour, and in so doing,     monitor, learn and feed back
                                         reduces maintenance costs and           on vibration levels within an
                                         unplanned downtime.                     operational power turbine, escaping
                                                                                 catastrophic failure. Duke estimated
                                                                                 the avoided costs at


                                                                                 $34.5M
                                                                                    See our website for more success stories
                                                                                    https://sw.aveva.com/success-stories
                                                      Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements         17




together                                                                  Macro level      Industry level   AVEVA level




AVEVA is optimally placed to drive the
digitalisation of industry together with
our customers, and we continually
invest in new technologies.




Our portfolio allows an
end-to-end solution,
from designing and
building to operating
customer assets.                                                    Predict operating health
                                                  Asset           and take actions to ensure
                                               Performance              reliability and safety



     Improve time, cost     Engineer
     and efficiency of                                                  Monitor                 Streamline operations via
                             Procure
     capital projects                                                 and Control                  seamless and scalable
                            Construct                                                            enterprise-wide visibility
                                          Industrial
                                        Digitalisation


     Optimise decision making     Operate                       Plan and                         Maximise profitability by
     through digitising and     and Optimise                    Schedule                digitising procurement, planning
     automating operating                                                                       and scheduling processes
     processes
18   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW

Empowering                                             “Digitalisation is accelerating in
                                                       the industries we serve, driving
                                                        ongoing growth in demand for
our customers                                                industrial software.”
                                                                   Craig Hayman
                                                               Chief Executive Officer




AVEVA delivered a strong performance                          Summary
                                                              On a statutory basis revenue was up
in its first full year as a combined                          57.6% to £766.6 million (FY18: £486.3
                                                              million). Profit before tax (PBT) was
company, both in terms of trading in                          £46.7 million (FY18: £34.5 million). This
                                                              revenue growth primarily reflected the
the period and making progress                                combination of heritage AVEVA with the
                                                              heritage SES business (the Combination),
towards medium-term targets.                                  together with the organic growth of
                                                              both businesses. The relatively small
                                                              increase in statutory PBT was primarily
                                                              due to the amortisation of intangible
                                                              assets related to the Combination.

                                                              On a pro forma basis, the enlarged Group
                                                              achieved revenue growth of 11.9% to
                                                              £775.2 million (FY 2018: £692.5 million)
                                                              and growth in adjusted EBIT of 19.8%
                                                              to £184.5 million (FY 2018: £154.0
                                                              million). On a constant currency basis,
                                                              revenue increased 12.4%. Constant
                                                              currency is calculated by restating the
                                                              period’s reported results to reflect the
                                                              previous year’s average exchange rates.




      Delivering digitalisation
                                                              Detailed constant currency analysis
                                                              has not been provided because there
                                                              is no material difference between
                                                              actual and constant currency results.

                                                              This growth was driven by
                                                              increasing demand for industrial
                                                              software and good sales execution,
                                                              including an increase in multi-year
                                                              commitments from key customers.

                                                              AVEVA made significant progress with
                                                              integrating the heritage AVEVA and SES
                                                              product portfolios, launching a combined
                                                              product offering at the Group’s global
                                                              customer event, the AVEVA World Summit,
                                                              in October 2018. Since then, several key
                                                              customers have expanded the range
                                                              of software that they buy from AVEVA
                                                              across the asset and operational lifecycle.
                                                                         Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements        19




The Group has emerged from the year              15% to the downstream end market
with a strong, integrated product
portfolio with which to drive its
customers’ digitalisation journeys.
                                                 and 10% to mid-stream.

                                                 Although AVEVA has historically seen
                                                                                                 Integration
                                                 some variation in growth due to end
Trading and markets                              market conditions within specific cyclical
                                                 industries, notably Oil & Gas and Marine,       Integration of the heritage AVEVA
The industries that AVEVA serves are
                                                 the ongoing structural growth drivers           and SES businesses has progressed
making increasing use of technology
to reduce both capital and operating             in each of our end markets are strong.          well. Management structures were
costs. This is being driven by ongoing                                                           integrated across all functions,
technological mega trends that are               In Oil & Gas overall end market conditions      AVEVA exited the majority of the
enabling the digitalisation of the               were moderately positive, with an               Transitional Service Agreements
industrial world, notably the industrial         increase in both capital and operating          (TSAs) with Schneider Electric and
internet of things, data visualisation           expenditure across the upstream, mid-           made progress towards moving to
and artificial intelligence, together            stream and downstream segments.
                                                                                                 common group-wide IT systems.
with competitive pressures to reduce             AVEVA benefited from a slight increase in
                                                 capital expenditure related to upstream
                                                                                                 This included moving to a single
costs and increase output.                                                                       Customer Relationship
                                                 Oil & Gas projects, growth in mid-stream
                                                 as pipeline capacity expanded and               Management (CRM) system and
This is driving growth in demand for
industrial software and there are some           ongoing digitalisation in downstream,           putting in place preparations to
signs that the rate of market growth is          particularly by national oil companies.         move onto a common group wide
accelerating. AVEVA is optimally placed to                                                       Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
help its customers digitalise, due to its end-   In Marine, end market conditions                system in 2020.
to-end product portfolio, which runs from        remained subdued, although strong
simulation through design and construction       sales execution drove wins in growth            The integration of the sales team
to operations, as well as having established     areas, such as the construction of
                                                                                                 has been particularly successful,
market-leading positions serving process,        cruise ships, and product upgrades.
                                                                                                 leading to improved sales
marine, batch and hybrid industries.                                                             momentum and cross selling.
                                                 Forthcoming 2020 International Maritime
End markets                                      Organisation emissions regulations are
                                                 expected to drive retrofit investments in       There has been a strong focus on
The industries that AVEVA serves are
                                                 operating vessels and design changes            cultural integration. AVEVA LIFE
at the early stages of a digitalisation
                                                 in new vessels. Linked to this, the             values of Limitless possibilities,
growth curve, when compared to other
                                                 refining industry is expected to make           Integrity always, Flexibility together
industries. We believe that the current
                                                 investments in existing capacity to             and Excellence everyday have been
addressable market for AVEVA’s
                                                                                                 introduced across the business and
                                                                                                 have become core to employee
                                                                                                 behaviour and therefore
                                                                                                 business performance.



of industry
products of approximately £15 billion            meet new fuel mix requirements and
is likely to grow significantly (Sources:        make technology investments to ensure
ARC, Gartner, company reports).                  agility in supply chain processes to
                                                 rapidly respond to new demand patterns
Over 40% of AVEVA’s revenue comes                as the regulations are implemented.
from the Oil & Gas end market and the            As a result, both these markets are
Group has become more diversified since          expected to generate additional                     How we will achieve long-term growth
                                                                                                     More on pages 22-23
the Combination with Marine, Chemicals           opportunities for AVEVA’s portfolio.
& Petrochemicals, Packaged Goods
(such as Food & Beverage and Pharma),            The Group’s other end markets such
Power and Metals & Mining accounting             as Power and Food & Beverages
for 5% to 10% of revenue each. Other             are largely non-cyclical and are
markets include Water & Wastewater,              primarily driven by structural growth
Infrastructure and Discrete Manufacturing.       as industries make increasing use
                                                 of technology to drive efficiency.
Within Oil & Gas, the Group has
become more diversified than before              In Power, existing generation facilities are
the Combination, with approximately              maximising the life of their capital assets
15% of the total revenue relating to             and investing in technologies to ensure
upstream capital related projects,               safe and reliable operation, with high
20      AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REVIEW CONTINUED

availability. AVEVA’s capability in predictive   Americas revenue increased 9.9% to               Monitoring & Control, which comprises
asset analytics and reliability centric          £273.9 million (FY18: £249.3 million)            Human to Machine to Interface and
maintenance coupled with engineering             on a pro forma basis. AVEVA achieved             Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition
information management, addresses                strong growth in Latin America where             (HMI SCADA) products, is the second
a core requirement in these industries.          there has been an improvement in end             largest of AVEVA’s business areas,
With the shift to renewables, generation         market conditions. In North America,             representing around 32% of total revenue.
assets are moving from large consolidated        AVEVA achieved large order wins in the           During the year, AVEVA introduced
units to networks of distributed assets.         EPC and Oil & Gas sectors, and saw good          new product releases for InTouch HMI,
These will require scalable systems for          growth through its channel distribution          Citect SCADA and System Platform.
monitoring and control and coordination          partners as end users modernise and              A combination of customers upgrading
of operations. AVEVA’s portfolio in real         upgrade Monitoring & Control software.           software and favourable end market
time control and information management                                                           conditions across Discrete, Hybrid, Process
is highly suited to the evolving needs           Asia Pacific revenue increased 3.4%              and Infrastructure, drove mid-single
of the power generation sector.                  to £183.5 million (FY18: £177.4 million)         digit revenue growth, with a particularly
                                                 on a pro forma basis, with good growth           good performance from channel sales.
Geographical performance                         in China, particularly in the Oil & Gas
AVEVA delivered growth across all                end market. We continued to see major            As part of AVEVA’s strategy to grow
its geographies.                                 customers in the Oil & Gas market moving         recurring revenues, AVEVA Flex, a token-
                                                 forward on their digital transformation          based rental & subscription selling model
We saw both improving execution                  journey with AVEVA across the region.            was introduced for Monitoring & Control
from the direct and indirect sales               Conditions in the Marine market continued        during the second half of the year.
channels, the latter of which represented        to be subdued and this impacted
approximately one-third of total revenue.        growth in the Group’s core Marine                The Group has also launched
Channel sales growth was solid double            end markets of Japan and Korea.                  AVEVA Flex to its channel partners,
digit overall and broadly spread, with                                                            making it easy for them to bring a
around two-thirds of our distributors            Business unit performance                        compelling subscription offering to
growing revenues by more than 10%.               Engineering, which consists of design            their customers for the first time.
                                                 and simulation software, is the
The Group achieved major order                   largest of AVEVA’s business areas,               Asset Performance Management (APM)
wins with customers including                    representing around 43% of total                 represents around 14% of the Group’s
Covestro, ADNOC, China Petroleum,                revenue. It performed well during the year,      total revenue. AVEVA’s APM offering
KBR, MV Werften and Sinopec.                     delivering high-teens revenue growth.            is strongly differentiated. It addresses
                                                                                                  the broadest dimensions of APM using
EMEA revenue increased 19.6% to £317.8           The Group achieved solid revenue growth          design and engineering information,
million (FY18: £265.8 million) on a pro          in the core product areas from both              real-time and historical operational data,
forma basis. AVEVA delivered growth              the heritage AVEVA and heritage SES              and maintenance execution workflows,
across a broad range of geographies              businesses, Engineering & Design and             together with model-based machine
and end-user markets. Key order wins             Process Simulation respectively, with            learning for predictive asset analytics.
in the first half of the year came from          substantial revenue synergies coming
the Marine industry where AVEVA’s                through cross-selling to large customers.        This differentiation and a growing
capabilities and our customers’ technical                                                         overall market for APM solutions,
excellence in Norway and Germany helped          Sales of engineering software for                resulted in revenue growth for AVEVA
to fulfil market demand for complex              industrial plants were strong, whereas           of 20%, making APM the fastest
speciality and cruise vessels. In the second     marine-related revenue was broadly               growing portfolio for the Group.
half, AVEVA saw strong demand in                 flat, reflecting end market conditions.
downstream Oil & Gas, with competitive           Material revenue synergies are expected in       The Group has partnered with MaxGrip,
wins across Spain, Italy and Turkey.             Marine in the medium-term as Monitoring          a company that has been optimising asset
                                                 & Control and Asset Performance                  performance with Reliability Centred
AVEVA also performed well in Food &              Management solutions are introduced to           Maintenance (RCM) solutions for the last
Beverage, Power and Mining, where                complement AVEVA’s existing market-              few years. AVEVA acquired MaxGrip’s
AVEVA delivered a digitalised mine               leading engineering design offer.                software assets shortly after the financial
for a leading operator in South Africa.                                                           year end, to augment AVEVA’s APM
Other areas of demand included discrete                                                           offering by providing a templated approach
manufacturing, with wins in Automotive.                                                           to asset strategy optimisation and RCM
                                                                                                  software for risk-based maintenance.
The analysis of revenue by region on a pro forma basis was as follows:

£m                                                                        Asia Pacific         EMEA      Americas         Total   Reported change

Rentals and subscriptions                                                      49.8          107.8         61.8         219.4           40.2%
Support and maintenance                                                        48.6           74.6         78.6         201.8            0.3%
Total recurring revenue                                                        98.4          182.4        140.4         421.2            17.8%
Initial fees and perpetuals                                                    57.3            86.6        67.7         211.6             6.1%
Training and services                                                          27.8            48.8        65.8         142.4             5.2%
Total                                                                        183.5           317.8        273.9         775.2           11.9%
Change                                                                        3.4%        19.6%            9.9%        11.9%
                                                                     Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements       21




Additionally, MaxGrip’s rich library of       Progress report: AVEVA delivered revenue       Recurring Revenue
asset fault codes and remediations            growth of 12.4% on a constant currency         AVEVA aims to grow the proportion
will enhance the power of AVEVA’s             basis. This growth was driven by strong        of recurring revenue to total revenue
predictive asset analytics capabilities and   sales execution, which was enabled by the      to over 60% in the medium term.
accelerate the deployment of artificial       early integration of the sales force. The      Recurring revenue is defined as rental
intelligence for prescriptive maintenance.    growth rate benefited from cross selling       and subscriptions software licence
                                              of our combined product portfolio to our       revenue plus support and maintenance
Planning & Operations represents around       enlarged customer base and certain multi-      revenue. This will be driven by growing
11% of the Group’s total revenue. The         year contracts which have been partly          software as part of the revenue mix
business unit achieved high single digit      recognised upfront in terms of revenue.        and by increasing the mix of rental and
revenue growth during the year, despite                                                      subscriptions revenue as a proportion of
a planned reduction in sales of services.     During the year, substantial investments       new software revenue in a financial year.
                                              were made in sales and marketing to
All areas of the Planning & Operations        drive growth. These included investments       The transition to greater levels of recurring
business grew (Operations Execution,          in leadership, sales training events,          revenue is expected to increase long-term
Operations Optimisation and Trading,          additional sales people, customer              free cash flow generation. Rentals and
Planning & Scheduling) driven by              events and an expanded marketing               subscriptions offer customers benefits
the ongoing trend towards digital             team. New hires included a new                 including greater flexibility, lower up-front
transformation in AVEVA’s customer            Chief Marketing Officer to help drive          costs and simplicity in pricing. These
base. Operations Execution and Trading,       efficiency and effectiveness in marketing      benefits are reflected in higher customer
Planning & Scheduling both achieved           performance, and a Head of Global              lifetime value of a rental and subscriptions
mid-teens growth, with strong order wins      Partners to drive channel partner sales.       model versus a perpetual licence model.
from the Energy, Mining and Packaged
Goods sectors. In particular, the Unified     Measures were also taken to increase           Progress report: AVEVA made good
Supply Chain Management Planning              yield by introducing consistent group-wide     progress during the year and grew
& Scheduling software is achieving            governance around allowable discounting        recurring revenue as a proportion of
strong growth due to its ability to help      and the application of price increases.        overall revenue to 54.3% (FY18: 51.6%).
major oil companies achieve significant
savings for every barrel of oil produced.     AVEVA benefited from its relationship with     For FY20, sales incentives structures have
                                              Schneider Electric. In addition to being       been modified to encourage recurring
Progress against our medium-term              a shareholder, Schneider acts as a sales       revenue growth with a focus on driving
targets                                       channel for AVEVA and is a customer,           rental and subscription revenue versus
In September 2018 AVEVA outlined new          buying software for its own industrial         initial and perpetual licences. Incentives
medium-term targets. These targets and        automation needs. Sales to Schneider           also favour software versus services.
progress against them is summarised below.    and through Schneider as a distribution
                                              partner grew 9.9% to £80.1 million (FY18:      The Group has seen strong demand for
Medium-term revenue growth                    £72.9 million) in total. This growth was       Cloud-based solutions. The Group won 37
                                              driven principally by sales made through       new Cloud customers, taking the total to
The Group aims to grow medium-term
                                              Schneider to third party end customers,        57 (FY18: 20). Annualised Cloud revenues
revenue on a constant currency basis
                                              reflecting the company’s differentiated        also increased nearly threefold. We are
at least in line with the blended growth
                                              global distribution capabilities.              seeing strong demand for enterprise scale
rate of the industrial software market.
                                                                                             Cloud purchases with customer wins
                                              Medium-term adjusted EBIT margin               from major oil companies in particular.
This revenue growth target reflects AVEVA
expecting to grow its underlying software     The Group aims to increase adjusted EBIT
business in excess of market growth rates,    margins to 30%. This margin improvement        Outlook
driven by a combination of the strength       is expected to be driven by a combination      Demand for AVEVA’s products is strong,
of the Group’s market positions, sales        of revenue growth, previously announced        driven by the ongoing digitalisation of
execution, revenue synergies and additional   cost savings, cost control and a focus         the industrial world and stable conditions
value levers, including pricing and more      on high margin revenue growth through          in key end markets. Therefore, the
sophisticated management of discounting.      pricing and revenue mix optimisation.          outlook remains positive and AVEVA
                                                                                             is on-track to meet its medium-term
As previously indicated, this above-          Adjusted EBIT is calculated as profit          targets of delivering revenue growth at
market growth is expected to be partly        from operations before amortisation            least in line with the industrial software
offset in terms of reported revenue           of intangible assets (excluding other          market, increasing recurring revenue as a
by the impact of a phased transition          software), share-based payments, gain/         percentage of overall revenue to 60% and
towards greater rental and subscription       loss on fair value of forward foreign          improving adjusted EBIT margin to 30%.
revenue, together with potentially lower      exchange contracts and exceptional items.
growth rates in services revenue.                                                            Craig Hayman
                                              Progress report: AVEVA’s adjusted EBIT         Chief Executive Officer
                                              margin on pro forma revenue increased to       29 May 2019
                                              23.8% (FY18: 22.2%). This improvement
                                              was driven by the strong revenue growth.
                                              The overall increase in costs was beyond
                                              our objective of inflationary growth, albeit
                                              with much of the overrun being due to
                                              success-based costs associated with
                                              outperformance versus budgeted revenue.
22   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




STRATEGY

Driving sustainable growth
in long-term free cash flow

AVEVA creates industrial software that inspires                       By generating business value for our customers, we
people to shape the future. We create leading                         seek to grow AVEVA’s long-term free cash flow to
solutions across the asset and operations lifecycles                  re-invest in technologies that will sustain long-term
that turn opportunity into business value.                            growth and deliver value for our shareholders.




 Our strategy                              Progress during the year


 CREATING INDUSTRIAL                       AVEVA made transformational progress
                                           during the year in creating leading solutions
                                                                                                  We made swift progress in integrating these
                                                                                                  assets to turn the opportunity to increase
 SOFTWARE THAT                             across the asset and operations lifecycles. The
                                           combination of heritage AVEVA and heritage
                                                                                                  efficiency and reduce costs for our customers
                                                                                                  into tangible business value. We launched
 INSPIRES PEOPLE TO                        SES in March 2018 created a company with an            integrated product offerings at our main
                                           unmatched set of industrial software assets,           customer event, the AVEVA World Summit, in
 SHAPE THE FUTURE                          covering the whole asset lifecycle from                October and have sold integrated solutions to
                                           Engineering to Monitoring & Control and                key customers, providing new capabilities and
                                           through to Asset Performance Management                unlocking new possibilities.
                                           and Planning & Operations.




 GROWING AVEVA’S                           At our Capital Markets Day in September,
                                           we outlined three key medium-term targets
                                                                                                  Our recurring revenue target is to increase
                                                                                                  recurring revenue to 60%. We intend to
 LONG-TERM FREE                            designed to drive AVEVA’s longer-term cash
                                           flows. These are to grow constant currency
                                                                                                  achieve this by growing software revenue
                                                                                                  faster than services revenue and growing
 CASH FLOW                                 revenue at least in line with the industrial           Rental & Subscription revenue versus Initial &
                                           software market; to increase recurring revenue         Perpetual Licence revenue. Although both
                                           as a percentage of total revenue; and to grow          these initiatives have a negative impact on
                                           adjusted EBIT margin to 30%.                           shorter-term revenue growth, they will improve
                                                                                                  longer-term margins and cash generation. This
                                           Our revenue growth target is based on a view           is because software revenue has higher gross
                                           that we have a responsibility to ensure that           margins than services revenue and Rental &
                                           AVEVA performs at least as well as its peers.          Subscription revenue has a higher value over a
                                           We estimate that overall industry growth is            medium to long-term time period than the front
                                           currently in the mid-single digit range.               -loaded benefit of Perpetual software licences,
                                                                                                  again driving margins.




 RE-INVESTING IN                           We made significant investments in R&D during
                                           the year (see page 11) working to discover new
                                                                                                  In Data Visualisation, we developed high
                                                                                                  resolution streaming of 3D visualisation for
 TECHNOLOGIES                              ways to empower people and industries. In
                                           addition to our product integration programmes,
                                                                                                  Engineering and made numerous deployments
                                                                                                  around mobility, including developing the ability
 THAT WILL SUSTAIN                         we developed AVEVA’s capabilities around the           to view high resolution 3D plans on mobile
                                           technological mega trends that are enabling the        devices.
 LONG-TERM GROWTH                          digitalisation of the industrial world, notably the
                                           IIoT, Data Visualisation and Artificial Intelligence   In Artificial Intelligence, we developed AVEVA’s
                                           (see pages 12-17).                                     predictive maintenance capabilities via
                                                                                                  integration of machine learning with our first
                                           For example, in regard to the IIoT we expanded         principles thermodynamics for enhanced
                                           built-in support for third party sensors and edge      anomaly detection and introduced new
                                           gateways, while developing high performance            prognostic capability to forecast asset
                                           and secure ingesting of data into the Cloud.           performance.
                                                                             Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements                 23




KPIs                              Risks                              Link to remuneration                         Objectives for year ahead

Creating business value for our   AVEVA has recognised               Revenue growth in turn drives                We will continue to integrate our
customers enables AVEVA to        Integration and Synergies as a     profitability. Both of these measures        portfolio so we can further help our
deliver revenue growth. We        principal risk and is mostly       represent key elements of management         customers on their digitalisation
include Total Revenue Growth      cautious in its management         bonus schemes.                               journeys.
as a KPI.                         approach. Other relevant
                                  areas of risk such as IT
                                  systems and product portfolio
                                  balance are also carefully
                                  managed.




In addition to Total Revenue      In order to grow long-term free    Over time, revenue and margin growth         Increase both recurring revenue and
Growth, our other KPIs to         cash flow, AVEVA has a more        drive growth in adjusted Earnings per        margin towards our medium-term
measure our progress against      tolerant appetite towards risks    Share (EPS). EPS growth forms a key          targets.
our medium-term goals include     associated with subscription       part of longer-term management
Recurring Revenue as a            licensing, but will continue to    remuneration.
Proportion of Total Revenue       offer traditional licensing
and Adjusted EBIT Margin.         methods as one of many areas       We also believe that increasing recurring
                                  of mitigation.                     revenue drives Total Shareholder Return
                                                                     (TSR), despite the short-term impact
                                                                     that it can have on total revenue. This is
                                                                     because it increases the net present
                                                                     value of a business, by increasing longer-
                                                                     term cash flows. TSR growth forms a
                                                                     key part of longer-term management
                                                                     remuneration.




AVEVA’s technology is             AVEVA has recognised the           We believe that reinvesting in               We will invest over £100 million in
increasingly being delivered to   risks associated with investing    technologies that will sustain long-term     R&D to remain at the forefront of
customers via the Cloud. This     in order to capitalise on the      growth will, over time, drive EPS growth     cutting-edge technologies such as AI.
enables benefits such as rapid    opportunities of industrial        and in relation to that, TSR growth. Both
deployments and enhanced          digital transformation,            of these measures form key parts of
mobility. We track the numbers    including Cloud initiatives, and   longer-term management remuneration.
of new Cloud customers as         is focused on managing them
a KPI.                            in order to achieve the
                                  expected returns.




    For more information              For more information                For more information
    See page 24                       See page 26                         See page 60
24     AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

We track and report both financial            goals and progress against
and non-financial KPIs to measure             Corporate and Social
progress against our strategy (see            Responsibility (CSR) objectives,
page 22 for strategy overview).               which we see as being important
These KPIs help to highlight                  in the context of the long-term
AVEVA’s short-term performance,               sustainability of AVEVA’s business
progress towards longer-term                  (see page 38 for CSR review).



FINANCIAL
AVEVA has three key medium-term               Total revenue growth                              Recurring revenue as a proportion
targets that are designed to drive            on a pro forma basis                              of total revenue
longer-term cash flows. These are to


                                              +11.9%                                            54.3%
grow constant currency revenue at
least in line with the industrial software
market, to increase recurring revenue as a
percentage of total revenue, and to grow
                                              (2018: +8.6%)     1
                                                                                                (2018: 51.6%)2
our adjusted EBIT margin to 30%. They
are discussed in more detail on page 21.
                                              19                                       11.9     19                                      54.3
In addition to progress against these
                                              18                                       8.6      18                                       51.6
targets, we track growth of adjusted
diluted EPS, which we see as being the
                                              AVEVA’s revenue growth performance was            Recurring revenue increased 270 bps versus
most accurate measure of total earnings       positive in the context of our medium-term        the prior year. This improvement was driven
growth for shareholders, and conversion       targets during the year. This was due to          by growth in rental and subscription
of adjusted diluted EPS into cash, to track   strong sales execution, an ongoing trend          revenues as AVEVA moves away from
AVEVA’s sustainable cash generation.          towards digitalisation of industry and stable     selling perpetual licences.
                                              conditions in AVEVA’s end markets on a
1    On a reported basis                      sector basis. In constant currency terms
2    On an IFRS 15 basis                      revenue increased 12.4%.




                           How we measure
NON-FINANCIAL                                 New Cloud customers                               AVEVA “Action for Good”
                                                                                                charity days taken


                                              37                                                44
We use collaborative innovation
to empower people and industries,
enabling the planet to thrive. Our
non-financial KPIs are designed to
capture AVEVA’s innovation and                (2018: 15)                                        (2018: nil)
empowerment of our people.
                                              19                                           37   19                                        44

                                              18                                           15   18                                          0

                                              Cloud represents a key area of innovation.        AVEVA Action for Good is a group-wide
                                              During the year we won 37 new Cloud               initiative designed to harness the limitless
                                              customers.                                        possibilities of our people within our
                                                                                                communities and involvement in social
                                                                                                wellbeing activities. We have pledged the
                                                                                                equivalent of 1% of our net profits each year
                                                                                                through paid time off and charitable
                                                                                                donations. Read more on page 43.
                                                                             Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements           25




Adjusted EBIT margin                               Growth in adjusted diluted EPS                   Cash conversion



23.8%
(2018: 22.2%)     2
                                                   27.0%
                                                   (2018: 5.9%)
                                                                                                    91.7%
                                                                                                    (2018: n/a)

19                                        23.8     19                                      27.0     19                                      91.7

18                                        22.2     18                                       5.9

Adjusted EBIT margin increased 160 bps             Adjusted diluted EPS grew 27.0% to 90.90         This is a measure of how much of adjusted
versus the prior year. This improvement was        pence. This growth was driven by the             EBIT is converted to operating cash flow
driven by revenue growth, combined with            increase in adjusted EBIT and a reduction in     before tax. We target conversion of 100%,
cost control, leading to operational leverage.     AVEVA’s tax rate.                                but the result was impacted by exceptional
                                                                                                    items paid relating to restructuring and the
                                                                                                    integration of the heritage AVEVA and SES
                                                                                                    businesses, as well as an acquisition
                                                                                                    accounting adjustment. This metric was not
                                                                                                    available last year.




our progress
Proportion of female
hires in the year


33%
(2018: n/a)

19                                          33



AVEVA is committed to supporting and
encouraging women in all areas of the
business, from new graduates in STEM
(Science, Technology, Engineering & Maths)
careers, to senior management roles. The
current workforce split is 25% women, and we
have a goal to increase this every year. This is
a new KPI and 2018 data is unavailable.
26   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




MANAGEMENT OF PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

Risk Management Approach                  Good progress has been made in                            business unit, function and regional heads.
As described in the 2018 annual           these areas since April 2018 including                    The main risk responsibilities of the SLT are
                                          the recruitment of a Head of Internal                     to monitor the management and mitigation
report, given the merger of the           Audit and Risk, introduction of a                         activities of principal and key group risks
heritage AVEVA business with              refreshed risk mandate and associated                     and to ensure the effectiveness of business
the heritage SES business on              governance structure, four risk sessions                  unit and functional risk management. It is
1 March 2018, management                  being conducted with the Strategic                        anticipated that formal risk sessions will
intended to review and refresh            Leadership Team (SLT), introduction of                    be included on the SLT agenda between
                                          risk management and risk workshops                        four and six times per year with additional
enterprise risk management                into the Global Services and Human                        sessions conducted as deemed necessary.
processes throughout the                  Resources functions in their capacity as
remainder of 2018 and early 2019          pilot functions for the refreshed functional              Each business unit and functional
to ensure that effective processes        risk management mandate and a board                       leadership team is responsible for ensuring
would be in place for managing            risk management session. Further risk                     that their key business unit and functional
                                          sessions with the SLT and board are                       risks are captured and are being effectively
risk within the new organisation,         planned throughout the remainder                          mitigated within business as usual
that the new Executive Leadership         of 2019 and into 2020 and a staged                        processes. Risk management will be given
Team is fully engaged in risk             roll-out of refreshed risk management                     a necessary level of priority at business
management and that the Board’s           processes into remaining business units                   unit and functional levels to meet SLT and
risk management expectations              and business functions will continue.                     board risk management requirements.
are fully met.                            Whilst the Board has overall responsibility               The Audit Committee continues to
                                          for risk management within AVEVA,                         focus on ensuring that refreshed
                                          the SLT have been assigned executive                      risk management processes are
                                          responsibility. Chaired by the Chief                      being successfully embedded.
                                          Executive Officer, the SLT includes all
                                          Executive Team members along with other                   The below diagram represents the AVEVA
                                          key leaders from across AVEVA such as                     refreshed risk governance structure.




                                                               The Board
                                      Overall responsibility for the management and mitigation of
                                       corporate level risks, including principal risks, setting risk
                                         appetite, and monitoring the success of internal risk
                                                        management processes.




                                                    Formal Risk Agenda within
            Facilitators
                                                 Strategic Leadership Team (SLT)
         Group Risk Function                                                                                        Audit Committee
                                           Chaired by the CEO and comprising SLT members                         Responsible for reviewing
                                         (includes Executive team), the SLT are responsible for                   the effectiveness of risk
           Business Unit &
                                        monitoring and mitigating principal and key group risks                   management processes
           Functional Risk
                                          and ensuring the effectiveness of business unit and
             Champions
                                                     functional risk management.




                                                   Business Units and Functions
                                          Each business unit and functional leadership team is
                                        responsible for ensuring that their key risks are captured
                                      and are being effectively mitigated within business as usual
                                      processes. Risk Management is a standing agenda item for
                                       leadership team meetings. Risk will be given a necessary                          Direct & Monitor
                                           level of priority in order to meet SLT requirements.
                                                                                                                         Report
                                                                              Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements              27




PRINCIPAL RISKS

Whilst refreshing and building on existing        2. External – Risks which could materialise            Discussions on both Risk Appetite &
risk management processes in the                  externally and impact AVEVA such as                    Emerging Risks for the new merged
heritage AVEVA and Schneider Electric             competitors, the regulatory environment,               AVEVA business have commenced at both
Software businesses, management has               key customer markets and cyber security.               SLT and board level in early 2019 and
considered the risks faced by the new                                                                    further dedicated sessions on these topics
                                                  3. Operational – Risks that could
merged AVEVA throughout 2018 and                                                                         will be included on the 2019 risk agenda.
                                                  materially disrupt the day-to-day
early 2019. A number of corporate level
                                                  operations of AVEVA.
risks have been identified and are being                                                                 Whilst risks associated with Brexit
monitored, 12 of which are considered             4. Disruptive – Risks that threaten                    have been discussed and are captured
by the board to be the principal risks to         AVEVA’s value offering such as                         within risk management processes,
AVEVA over the next 12-18 month period.           alternative business models or                         Brexit itself is not considered to be a
                                                  viable new technologies.                               principal risk for AVEVA at this time.
Management used the following four risk                                                                  As a technology business, many major
category headings when identifying                Principal risks presented below have                   threats to businesses associated with
these risks.                                      been graded for likelihood and impact on               Brexit such as labour mobility, supply
                                                  a gross basis (i.e. without accounting                 chain friction, and customs tariffs do not
1. Strategic Internal – Risks identified
                                                  for existing mitigation) and are not                   apply. However, other threats such as
as threats to the strategic goals of
                                                  presented in any priority order.                       macroeconomic, legal, tax changes and
AVEVA and which influence internal
                                                                                                         regulation do and therefore Brexit risk is
decision-making.
                                                                                                         being monitored and managed internally.


  Strategies                                                          Risk level                         Risk change from 2018
   1   Creating industrial software that inspires                          Low                                No change
       people to shape the future
                                                                           Medium                             Risk decreased
   2   Growing AVEVA’s long-term free cash flow
                                                                           High                               Risk increased
   3   Re-investing in technologies that will sustain
       long-term growth                                                                                       New

       Risk included in Viability Statement working


STRATEGIC INTERNAL RISKS
                                                                                                                                            Strategy
Risk                                  Description                                      Mitigation                                           and viability
Talent Acquisition                    AVEVA is heavily reliant on the people it        During the last 12 months, AVEVA has invested
                                                                                                                                                 1
& Retention                           employs around the world and if we are           in its in-house talent acquisition expertise to
                                      unable to attract or retain the niche skills     boost this capability. Other mitigating activities        3
                                      and experience we need to drive the              include partnerships with universities, an
Likelihood:                           business forward, creating innovation and        employee referral programme and
                                      growth, this could materially impact the         communicating our culture.
Impact:                               success of our business.
                                                                                       AVEVA endeavours to ensure that employees
                                      The technology sector is competitive when        are motivated in their work and there are
Change in risk level:                 seeking talent and the AVEVA brand must          regular appraisals, with staff encouraged to
                                      remain attractive within each country it         develop their skills. Annually there is a
Ownership: Chief Human
                                      operates, particularly to niche skills such as   Group-wide salary review that rewards strong
Resources Officer                     developers, technical sales, services,           performance and ensures salaries remain
                                      consultants and leadership.                      competitive. Commission and bonus schemes
Categorisation: Industry General
                                                                                       help to ensure the success of AVEVA and
                                                                                       individual achievement is appropriately
                                                                                       rewarded.



Move to Subscription Model            AVEVA’s strategic move further towards a         Whilst AVEVA is ambitious to gain the benefits
                                                                                                                                                 1
                                      subscription-based licence model is              of more widely adopting subscription-based
                                      designed to offer customers improved             licensing and to provide the benefits of this             2
Likelihood:                           flexibility when addressing their software       model to its customers, the expansion is initially
                                      needs. It could however fail to create the       being introduced within the Monitoring &
Impact:                               improved recurring revenue and cashflow          Control business unit of AVEVA. This will allow
                                      generation expected for AVEVA if                 AVEVA to both manage the risk and understand
Change in risk level:                 customers do not utilise the subscription        the model better.
                                      offering.
Ownership: Vice President,                                                             AVEVA will continue to offer traditional
                                      This is a new principal risk for AVEVA           licensing models throughout as further
Monitoring & Control
                                      reflecting the importance of the strategic       mitigation.
                                      objective of a move towards a subscription
Categorisation: Industry General                                                       A transition strategy is in place and continues
                                      licensing model.
                                                                                       to be closely monitored.
28     AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




PRINCIPAL RISKS CONTINUED

STRATEGIC INTERNAL RISKS CONTINUED
                                                                                                                                         Strategy
Risk                               Description                                       Mitigation                                          and viability
Cloud Initiatives                  AVEVA is committed to providing                   AVEVA has a dedicated Cloud Development
                                                                                                                                              3
                                   market-leading, value-adding, reliable and        Operations team in place to ensure that Cloud
                                   secure cloud services to its customers and        offerings fully meet customer expectations.
Likelihood:                        is therefore investing in this initiative. This   This team works closely with the Portfolio
                                   investment requires careful management            Management team so that Cloud offerings are
Impact:                            otherwise AVEVA risks not realising               aligned with the right portfolio of products. In
                                   anticipated returns in addition to                addition, there is a dedicated commercial
Change in risk level:              reputational damage.                              function working with customers and listening
                                                                                     closely to their feedback.
Ownership: Vice President,         This is a new principal risk for AVEVA
                                   reflecting the ever-increasing demand for
Portfolio Management
                                   cloud-based services from customers and
                                   the criticality for AVEVA to meet these
Categorisation: Industry General
                                   demands.



Digital Transformation             AVEVA’s strategy to capitalise on the             Alongside careful management of the right
                                                                                                                                              1
Agenda                             opportunities of digital transformation in        Digital Transformation strategy, AVEVA further
                                   the industrial market could ultimately fail or    mitigates this risk by having in place a                 2
                                   not provide the expected levels of return,        dedicated Sales and Consulting team, targeted
Likelihood:                        leading to increased costs, reputational          marketing campaigns, continued portfolio                 3
                                   damage or lost market positions.                  rationalisation and use case prioritisation.
Impact:                            This is a new principal risk for AVEVA
                                   reflecting the digitisation of industry trend
Change in risk level:              and the importance of AVEVA in being
                                   strategically aligned with it.
Ownership: Vice President,
Portfolio Management

Categorisation: Industry General


Integration & Synergies            Integration and realisation of synergies          AVEVA has appointed a senior executive as an
                                                                                                                                              1
                                   remains as a principal risk for AVEVA.            Integration Lead and external integration
                                   Throughout the next 12 months, failure to         consultants have been engaged throughout the             2
Likelihood:                        continue to effectively integrate the             merger process.
                                   heritage AVEVA and SES businesses could
                                                                                     There are many ongoing workstreams in
Impact:                            lead to poor operational efficiency and
                                                                                     progress which are managing day to day
                                   anticipated synergy targets not being
                                                                                     integration activities including HR, Finance, IT,
Change in risk level:              realised.
                                                                                     Real Estate and Communications. These are
Ownership: Deputy CEO and CFO      There are many areas that AVEVA must              being supported by an established governance
                                   continually and carefully manage so that a        structure that includes close monitoring of the
Categorisation: Company            successful integration takes place, including     progress being made.
                                   management of costs, integration of
Specific
                                   systems, controls, processes and
                                   management reporting.
                                                                          Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements             29




EXTERNAL RISKS
                                                                                                                                       Strategy
Risk                               Description                                     Mitigation                                          and viability
Competitors                        AVEVA operates in highly competitive            AVEVA carefully monitors customer
                                   markets. Other technology companies could       requirements, trends and other suppliers
                                   acquire, merge or move into AVEVA’s             operating within our chosen markets. We
Likelihood:                        market space to compete with AVEVA’s            invest in innovation and strive to offer superior
                                   offering creating a material threat, or         products to meet these market trends.
Impact:                            existing competitors could respond quicker
                                                                                   Further areas of specific mitigation include
                                   to market demands and trends resulting in
                                                                                   leveraging our relationship with Schneider
Change in risk level:              reduced market share and missed growth
                                                                                   Electric, attractive proposals for additional
                                   opportunities for AVEVA.
Ownership: Interim Head of                                                         complimentary products for existing customers
                                   This is an increased principal risk for AVEVA   and flexibility to meet changing market
Business Strategy
                                   reflecting the increased competitive focus      demands and competitive forces.
                                   on market trends such as digitalisation of
Categorisation: Industry General
                                   industry.



Dependency on Cyclical             AVEVA’s revenue is predominantly derived        Given the 2018 merger, AVEVA now has an
Markets                            from customers operating in markets which       increased portfolio of products available to
                                   are mainly cyclical in nature such as Oil &     customers operating in non-cyclical markets
                                   Gas and Marine. As and when those               such as Food & Beverages and Utilities. Further
Likelihood:                        markets reach downturn stages, our              strategic initiatives will also be undertaken to
                                   customers have less funding available for       strengthen our offerings in those markets.
Impact:                            capital projects, including the purchase of
                                                                                   Our extensive global presence also provides
                                   AVEVA’s software products. Significant end
                                                                                   some mitigation from over-reliance on key
Change in risk level:              market downturns could materially impact
                                                                                   geographic markets.
                                   AVEVA’s revenues and profits.
Ownership: Deputy CEO & CFO                                                        AVEVA’s strategic move towards a
                                                                                   subscription-based licensing model also further
Categorisation: Company                                                            mitigates this risk as it can offer customers
Specific                                                                           greater flexibility over their expenditure.



AVEVA Products Implicated          Our software products are complex and           AVEVA products are extensively tested prior to
in Industrial Accidents or         new products or enhancements may                commercial launch. In addition, AVEVA has a
Customer Cyber Attack              contain undetected errors, failures,            robust Security Development Lifecycle as a key
                                   performance problems or defects which           component of our overall software
                                   may impact our strong reputation with our       development process and has created formal
Likelihood:                        customers or create financial implications.     and collaborative relationships with third-party
                                                                                   security researchers and security organisations
                                   This is a new principal risk for AVEVA
Impact:                                                                            to proactively ensure our software is as safe
                                   reflecting the increased portfolio of
                                                                                   and secure as is reasonable.
                                   products in the AVEVA range, their
Change in risk level:              functionality and increasing threats in the
                                   external cyber environment.
Ownership: Head of R&D

Categorisation: Industry General
30     AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




PRINCIPAL RISKS CONTINUED

EXTERNAL RISKS CONTINUED
                                                                                                                                         Strategy
Risk                               Description                                       Mitigation                                          and viability
Cyber Attack                       Threats within the global cyber                   AVEVA has a low tolerance to this risk and
                                   environment continue to grow. AVEVA               utilises multiple layers of cyber security threat
                                   depends on its IT systems and should we be        defences including access control, encryption,
Likelihood:                        specifically targeted by a cyber attack or be     firewalls, etc. Additionally, regular external
                                   impacted by a general global cyber                penetration testing is conducted across critical
Impact:                            incident, this could potentially lead to          corporate and online services.
                                   suspension of some operations, regulatory
Change in risk level:              breaches and fines, reputational damage,
                                   loss of customer and employee information
Ownership: Deputy CEO & CFO        and loss of customer confidence.

Categorisation: Industry General


Regulatory Compliance              AVEVA is required to comply with both             Local management are supported by local
                                   international and local laws, regulations         professional advisers and further oversight is
                                   and tax legislation in each of the                maintained from the corporate legal and
Likelihood:                        jurisdictions in which it operates. Significant   finance functions.
                                   changes in these laws and regulations or
                                                                                     In addition, AVEVA uses compliance policies
Impact:                            failure to comply with them could lead to
                                                                                     and guidance materials, communications and
                                   liabilities or reputational damage.
                                                                                     training platforms for its employees and
Change in risk level:
                                                                                     external partners.
Ownership: Deputy CFO &
Company Secretary

Categorisation: Industry General


OPERATIONAL RISKS
                                                                                                                                         Strategy
Risk                               Description                                       Mitigation                                          and viability
Internal IT Systems                AVEVA depends on its many IT systems for          AVEVA has appointed an experienced Chief
                                   day-to-day operations and to meet its             Information Officer and additional people
                                   customers’ expectations. If they fail to          resources to lead and drive the various IT
Likelihood:                        operate effectively and efficiently then this     initiatives, including a new ERP implementation
                                   could result in reputational damage,              project designed to provide and support
Impact:                            negative employee engagement or poor              industry best practice processes. This includes
                                   customer experiences.                             respective governance frameworks and
Change in risk level:                                                                support from expert external advisors and
                                   This is a new principal risk for AVEVA
                                                                                     integration specialists.
Ownership: Deputy CEO & CFO        reflecting the range of IT systems now in
                                   the AVEVA IT estate given the 2018 merger
Categorisation: Company            and the ongoing projects to consolidate and
                                   improve them whilst maintaining business
Specific
                                   as usual processes.



DISRUPTIVE RISKS
                                                                                                                                         Strategy
Risk                               Description                                       Mitigation                                          and viability
Disruptive Technologies            New and unforeseen technology, software           AVEVA largely mitigates this threat through its
                                   or business models which threaten AVEVA’s         own leading innovation initiatives and by
                                   value offering could be developed and             remaining at the forefront of technological
Likelihood:                        become significantly commercially viable          advances. This a core strategic strength of
                                   resulting in material impacts to AVEVA’s          AVEVA. In addition, AVEVA continually scans
Impact:                            profits and prospects.                            the disruptive technology environment to
                                                                                     ensure it is well informed and placed to
                                   This is a new principal risk for AVEVA
Change in risk level:                                                                respond to any material threats.
                                   reflecting the increased potential threats
Ownership: Head of R&D             from disruptive forces which seek to
                                   capitalise on digitisation of industry trends.
Categorisation: Industry General
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements        31




Viability statement                             The results of this stress testing showed      Going concern statement
The Group assesses its prospects                that despite combining a cumulative            The Group has significant financial
primarily through its three-year strategic      drop in gross revenue with incrementally       resources, is profitable, has high levels
planning cycle and annual budgeting             increasing operating costs, the Group          of recurring revenue and has a strong
process. This process is led by the             is still projected to generate profits in      position in the markets it serves. At
Executive Directors, with responsibility        each year. The Group has cash reserves         31 March 2019, the Group had cash and
for business functions and the regions          of £127.8 million and access to a large        treasury deposit balances of £127.8
delegated to the appropriate senior             revolving credit facility and consequently     million (FY18: £105.8 million) and no
management. The Board reviews the               the Directors did not consider this            short-term debt (FY18: £10.0 million).
business plans and annual budget                combination of scenarios to present a
each year to determine whether the              threat to the liquidity of the Group.          Therefore, after making enquiries and
plans continue to be appropriate in                                                            considering the cash flow forecasts for the
the light of market conditions and              The Directors have identified a number of      Group, the Directors have a reasonable
recent technological changes.                   factors which support their assessment:        expectation that the Group has adequate
                                                • the Group operates in a number of            resources to continue in operational
In line with the Group’s strategic planning        diverse industries, in locations all        existence for the foreseeable future. For
cycle, the Directors have assessed the             around the world                            this reason they continue to adopt the
Group’s prospects and viability over a          • the Group has strong governance and a        going concern basis of accounting in
three-year period, significantly longer            robust control framework                    preparing the financial statements.
than the outlook of the Going Concern           • there is considerable headroom
statement of 12 months. The Directors              available to us in our cash balances and
determine three years to be an appropriate         revolving credit facility
time horizon, aligned to both the period
covered by the Group’s business planning        Based on this assessment, the Directors
cycle, as well as the length over which the     have considered the Group’s current
Long-Term Incentive Plan performance is         position and principal risks, and have a
measured. Whilst the Directors have no          reasonable expectation that the Group
reason to believe that the Group would not      will be able to continue in operation and
be viable over a longer period, a shorter       meet its liabilities as they fall due over
timeframe provides greater certainty and        the three-year period to 31 March 2022.
reliability over the forecasts and stress-
testing used to assess the Group’s viability.   In making this statement, the Directors
                                                have also made the following assumptions:
The Directors considered the principal          • cyclical markets will stay relatively flat
risks in severe and plausible scenarios            for the next three years
and assessed the potential impact               • there will be increased diversification
of two differing scenarios:                        and strength of product offering into
                                                   non-cyclical markets
Scenario 1:                                     • there will be strong leverage for
Principal risks materialising:                     increased opportunities via the
(1) Dependency on cyclical markets                 Schneider Electric relationship
    (reduction to revenue);                     • AVEVA has a strong reputation, an
(2) Integration and synergies (reduction to        established customer base and an
    revenue and increase to costs); and,           established portfolio of products
(3) Transformational programmes                 • the integration activities relating to the
    (including ERP system implementation           combination will not materially distract
    and Subscription Model) (reduction to          the combined Sales force
    revenue and increase to costs)              • We would be able to recover relatively
                                                   well from any IT system or cyber
Scenario 2:                                        incidents and would have the necessary
Principal risks materialising:                     skills and experience available to assist
(1) Dependency on cyclical markets
    (reduction to revenue);
(2) AVEVA products implicated in
    industrial accidents or customer cyber
    attack (reduction to revenue and
    increase to costs); and,
(3) Cyber attack (reduction to revenue and
    increase to costs)
32   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




FINANCE REVIEW

Good progress against
all key targets

The statutory results for the year ended
31 March 2019 are stated under
acquisition accounting principles and
therefore the comparative period
(i.e. for the year to 31 March 2018) only
includes the results of the heritage
AVEVA business for one month.

Overview                                    versus revenue recognised using the           in revenue did not materially drop through
To enhance understanding of these results   previous accounting standard, IAS 18          to profit due to the full year amortisation
and improve transparency, non-statutory     and to reduce selling and administrative      charge for intangibles together with
summary results are also shown for the      expenses by £0.5 million. On a statutory      the acquisition and integration costs
combined AVEVA Group on a pro forma         basis, the impact on revenue of adoption      related to the Combination.
basis in this commentary. These include     of IFRS 15 was £12.8 million and to
both heritage SES and heritage AVEVA for    reduce selling and administrative             Pro forma results
the year to 31 March 2018 and exclude an    expenses by £0.5 million (see note 2).        Revenue was £775.2 million, which was
adjustment to revenue of £8.6 million for                                                 up 11.9% compared to the previous year
the year to 31 March 2019, which reflects   Statutory results for the year ended          (FY18: £692.5 million). EBIT grew 19.8%
an acquisition accounting adjustment        31 March 2019                                 to £184.5 million (FY18: £154.0 million),
to deferred revenue on the opening          Revenue for the period was £766.6 million     primarily due to the revenue growth, higher
balance sheet. We anticipate that this      which was up 57.6% (FY18: £486.3              gross margin and operational leverage.
will be the last year of results where a    million). This change was primarily due
pro forma presentation will be required.    to the organic growth of the Group in         While the integration of the enlarged
                                            the year together with the fact that the      Group has progressed to a point
These results have been prepared under      comparative period only included one          where it is becoming difficult to split
the new revenue recognition standard,       month of the heritage AVEVA business.         out the performance of the heritage
IFRS 15. The impact of IFRS 15 was                                                        AVEVA and SES businesses, revenue
to reduce revenue by £12.1 million on       The Group reported statutory EBIT of £46.7    growth from the heritage AVEVA
a pro forma basis in the prior year,        million (FY18: £34.5 million). The increase   products was approximately 14%
                                                                                          and growth from the heritage SES
                                                                                          products was approximately 11%.




                                                                    “ We delivered a strong performance in our
                                                                     first full year as a combined company and
                                                                     integration has progressed well across all
                                                                              functions of our business.”
                                                                                             James Kidd
                                                                                          Deputy CEO & CFO
                                                                                           Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements                         33




The following table shows the composition of the pro forma results and the reconciliation of these to the statutory reported results.

                                                                      Statutory   Normalised    Exceptional     Adjusted      Revenue      Pro forma         Pro forma
                                                                          FY19        items1         items         FY19        haircut          FY19              FY18     Change
                                                                            £m           £m             £m           £m            £m             £m                £m         %

Revenue                                                                766.6               –            –        766.6            8.6        775.2             692.5     11.9%
Cost of sales                                                         (193.2)              –          1.9       (191.3)             –       (191.3)           (177.6)     7.7%
Gross profit                                                           573.4               –          1.9        575.3            8.6           583.9         514.9      13.4%
Operating expenses
Research & Development costs                                          (178.0)          61.8           1.7       (114.5)             –       (114.5)            (99.0)    15.7%
Selling and distribution costs                                        (235.6)          26.3          12.6       (196.7)             –       (196.7)           (179.1)     9.8%
Administrative expenses                                               (106.3)          11.7          12.7         (81.9)            –        (81.9)            (80.3)     2.0%
Net impairment loss from financial assets                               (6.3)             –             –          (6.3)            –         (6.3)             (2.5)        –
Total operating expenses                                              (526.2)          99.8          27.0       (399.4)             –       (399.4)          (360.9)     10.7%
Profit from operations                                                   47.2          99.8         28.9         175.9            8.6           184.5         154.0      19.8%

Finance revenue                                                            0.2             –               –        0.2             –             0.2             1.0          –
Finance expense                                                           (0.7)            –               –       (0.7)            –            (0.7)           (3.8)         –
Profit before tax                                                        46.7          99.8         28.9         175.4            8.6           184.0          151.2     21.7%
Tax                                                                     (12.9)        (18.1)         (4.4)       (35.4)          (1.7)          (37.1)         (35.5)      4.5%
Profit after tax                                                         33.8          81.7          24.5        140.0            6.9           146.9          115.7     27.0%
Adjusted EPS (pence)                                                   20.90                                                                    90.90          71.59     27.0%

1    Normalised items include amortisation of intangible assets (excluding other software), share-based payments and gain/loss on fair value of forward foreign exchange
     contracts.


Revenue by type on a pro forma basis is set out below:
                                                                                                    2019                                 2018
£m                                                                                                    £m         % of total                £m            % of total        Change

Rentals and subscriptions                                                                        219.4            28.3%             156.5                22.6%           40.2%
Support and maintenance                                                                          201.8            26.0%             201.1                29.0%            0.3%
Total recurring revenue                                                                          421.2            54.3%              357.6               51.6%           17.8%
Initial fees and perpetuals                                                                      211.6            27.3%             199.5                28.8%             6.1%
Training and services                                                                            142.4            18.4%             135.4                19.6%             5.2%
Pro forma total                                                                                  775.2          100.0%              692.5            100.0%              11.9%
Deferred revenue haircut                                                                           (8.6)
Statutory revenue                                                                                766.6



During the year the Group increased the                      Foreign exchange translation moderately
proportion of rental contracts sold on a                     impacted growth in the period primarily
multi-year versus one year basis and we                      due to Sterling having strengthened
expect this trend to continue. Longer-                       versus the US Dollar resulting in a small
term contracts provide more reliable                         difference. On a constant currency
cash flows and when sold using token                         basis revenue growth was 12.4%.
licensing, help to encourage customers to
buy more of the AVEVA product portfolio.
They are also favoured by customers
as they provide certainty of terms and
conditions over a longer period.
34   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




FINANCE REVIEW CONTINUED




11.9%
                                         Revenue overview                               Training and services
                                         Rental and subscription                        Training and services revenue grew 5.2% to
                                         Rental and subscriptions revenue               £142.4 million (FY18: £135.4 million). This
                                         grew 40.2% to £219.4 million (FY18:            growth was primarily due to increasing
Growth in revenue                        £156.5 million). This growth was driven        demand for initial implementation work
                                         by a focus on increasing recurring             associated with the sale of APM and
                                                                                        Planning & Operations products.



270 BPS
                                         revenue and included the benefit of
                                         partly up-front revenue recognition
                                         on certain multi-year contracts.               AVEVA will continue to focus on high
                                                                                        gross margin sales of software revenue in
                                         AVEVA will focus on growing these              FY20, supported by sales incentivisation
                                                                                        together with a planned reduction
Growth in recurring revenue,             recurring revenues again in FY20,
                                                                                        in certain lower-margin services.
                                         supported by new salesforce incentives
as a proportion of overall               to promote sales of these contracts over
revenue                                  initial and perpetual licences and services.   Profit before tax and cost
                                         Although rental and subscription contracts     management
                                         can reduce revenue recognition in the          The revenue growth drove a 19.8%



160 BPS
                                         short-term, they lead to higher longer-        increase in adjusted EBIT to £184.5
                                         term product yields and cash generation.       million (FY18: £154.0 million).

                                         Support and maintenance                        Total normalised costs were £590.7
                                         Support and maintenance revenue                million (FY18: £538.5 million), an increase
Growth in adjusted                       was broadly flat at £201.8 million             of 9.7% over the previous year. This
EBIT margin                              (FY18: £201.1 million). Although AVEVA         growth was above AVEVA’s target of
                                         grew initial and perpetual licences in         inflationary cost increases. The majority
                                         the prior year which have associated           of the increase related to growth in
                                         support and maintenance revenues, this         cost of sales, sales commissions and
                                         growth was offset by certain customers         financial performance related bonuses
                                         switching from support and maintenance         due to the strong performance.
                                         to new rental contracts as the Group
                                         seeks to grow subscription revenues.           In addition to this, decisions were
                                                                                        made to accelerate investment in sales,
                                         Initial fees and perpetuals                    marketing and product integration
                                         Initial fees and perpetual revenue grew        during the year in the context of positive
                                         6.1% to £211.6 million (FY18: £199.5           market conditions. These incremental
                                         million). This growth was driven by            investments included the hiring of
                                         increased sales in the Monitoring &            new people and greater expenditure
                                         Control area of the business led by the        on customer marketing, for example
                                         indirect channel, which benefited from         regional and global customer events.
                                         new product releases and good market
                                         demand, and which did not have a rental        On an underlying basis, AVEVA has been
                                         and subscription offer for customers in        implementing a cost synergies programme
                                         place until the latter part of the year.       through rationalisation of duplicated
                                                                                        functions, the implementation of common
                                                                                        systems, shared services for back office
                                                                                        functions, real estate consolidation,
                                                                                        and enhanced R&D effectiveness.

                                                                                        The Group is targeting annualised cost
                                                                                        synergies of approximately 5% of total
                                                                                        FY18 costs, representing some £25 million,
                                                                                        which will be fully implemented by the end
                                                                                        of the 2020 financial year. More than half
                                                                                        of these were implemented by the end of
                                                                                        the 2019 financial year, with most of these
                                                                                        flowing through to the results in the year.
                                                                            Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements   35




An analysis of total expenses is summarised below:

                                                                                                        Net impairment loss
                                                         Research &     Selling and    Administrative         from financial
£m                                      Cost of sales   Development     distribution       expenses                   assets     Total

Statutory                                   193.2           178.0          235.6            106.3                   6.3        719.4
Amortisation                                                 (61.8)        (26.3)                –                    –        (88.1)
Share based payments                              –               –             –            (11.2)                   –         (11.2)
Loss on FX contracts                              –               –             –             (0.5)                   –          (0.5)
Exceptional items                              (1.9)           (1.7)        (12.6)           (12.7)                   –        (28.9)
Normalised costs                            191.3           114.5          196.7              81.9                  6.3        590.7


2018                                        177.6             99.0         179.1              80.3                  2.5        538.5
Change                                      7.7%            15.7%          9.8%              2.0%                     –         9.7%



Cost of sales increased 7.7% to £191.3              In addition to this, substantial investments
million (FY18: £177.6 million) and the gross        were made during the year in Sales
margin improved to 75.3% (FY18: 74.4%).             both in terms of new recruits and
The cost of sales increase primarily related        training. Investments were also made
to revenue growth with higher associated            in strengthening the marketing team
channel partner and third-party royalty             and in customer events to showcase
costs, together with some investments               AVEVA’s enlarged product portfolio.
into the Customer Support function.
                                                    Administrative expenses were £81.9
Research & Development costs were                   million (FY18: £80.3 million), an increase
£114.5 million (FY18: £99.0 million)                of 2.0%. This reflected underlying
representing an increase of 15.7%.                  cost reductions being offset by higher
However, in FY19 no R&D investment                  bonus accruals in relation to the strong
was capitalised (FY18: £9.9 million).               performance, national insurance costs
The remaining increase was due to                   related to share options and new
investment in product integration                   senior hires. In addition, there were
and new product launches, being                     increased costs from establishing
partly offset by cost synergies.                    capabilities and skills in the support
                                                    functions such as IT, HR, Finance and
Selling and distribution expenses were              Legal where certain services did not
£196.7 million (FY18: £179.1 million),              transfer over from Schneider Electric
a 9.8% increase versus the prior year.              and were not covered by the TSA
The majority of this increase related to            e.g. legal team, treasury, IT support.
higher sales commissions following better
than budgeted sales performance.                    Net impairment loss from financial
                                                    assets represents the impairment of
                                                    accounts receivable during the year
                                                    of £6.3 million (FY18: £2.5 million).
36   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




FINANCE REVIEW CONTINUED




                                         Normalised and exceptional items
                                         The following exceptional and other normalised items have been excluded in presenting
                                         the pro forma results:

                                                                                                           Pro forma year ended 31 March
                                         £m                                                                        2019              2018

                                         Acquisition and integration activities                                   23.0              29.5
                                         Restructuring costs                                                       5.9               2.9
                                         Movement in provision for sales taxes                                       –              (3.0)
                                         Impairment of R&D                                                           –              15.0
                                         Total exceptional items                                                  28.9              44.4


                                         Amortisation (excl. other software)                                      88.1              50.5
                                         Share based payments                                                     11.2               4.0
                                         Loss/(gain) on FX contracts                                               0.5              (0.6)
                                         Total normalised items                                                   99.8              53.9



                                         Acquisition and integration activities         Taxation
                                         principally related to consultancy costs       The statutory tax charge was £12.9
                                         paid to advisors for integration support, a    million (FY18: credit of £6.0 million). The
                                         provision for an onerous lease, investment     effective rate of tax of 27.6% differs
                                         in new systems, deal related executive         from the US (FY18: UK) corporation tax
                                         retention costs, legal and accounting          rate of 24% because of higher rates of
                                         fees and additional temporary resources        overseas tax and overseas losses in
                                         required as a result of the combination.       certain locations for which no deferred
                                                                                        tax asset has been recognised. The
                                         Restructuring costs related to severance       tax rate has benefited from R&D tax
                                         payments for employees in a number of          incentives in the UK and the US.
                                         global office locations as part of the cost
                                         synergy programme, the cost benefits of        The pro forma adjusted tax rate was
                                         which are now starting to flow though.         20.2% (FY18: 23.5%) and is expected
                                         This included the closing of 10 offices in     to remain at around this level in FY20.
                                         duplicate locations and the costs of exiting
                                         certain lower margin services business.        Earnings per share (EPS)
                                                                                        Statutory diluted EPS was 20.90 pence
                                         The increase in amortisation related to the    (FY18: 39.72 pence). The reduction
                                         amortisation of the fair valued heritage       was due to a greater number of shares
                                         AVEVA intangible assets under acquisition      being in issue on average as a result
                                         accounting following the Combination.          of the Combination. On a pro forma
                                                                                        adjusted diluted basis EPS grew 27.0%
                                         Acquisition and integration and                to 90.90 pence (FY18: 71.59 pence).
                                         restructuring costs paid in the period
                                         were £18.9 million.
                                                                      Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements   37




                                                                                             27.0%
Dividends                                      Cash flows
The Board proposes a final dividend            Cash generated from operating activities
of 29.0 pence per share at a cost              before tax was £169.1 million compared
of £46.8 million (FY18: 27.0 pence             to £91.2 million in the previous year
per share at a cost of £43.5 million).         on a statutory basis. Conversion of           Growth in adjusted
The final dividend will be payable             adjusted EBIT to operating cash flow
on 2 August 2019 to shareholders               before tax was 91.7%, reflecting
                                                                                             diluted EPS
on the register on 5 July 2019.                improved credit control, although the




                                                                                             43.0P
                                               rate was lower than historic levels due
The total dividend for the year was            to the acquisition and integration and
43.0 pence (FY18: 27.0 pence as                restructuring costs during the period, of
no interim dividend was paid).                 which £18.9 million were paid in cash.

AVEVA intends to maintain its existing         During the second half £19.4 million was      Total dividend
progressive dividend policy, taking account    paid to Schneider Electric in relation to
of the earnings profile of the Group.          the final completion accounts adjustment
                                               in relation to the Combination.
Balance sheet
The Group balance sheet presented as           At 31 March 2019 net cash and treasury
at 31 March 2019 reflects the goodwill         deposits were £127.8 million (FY18: £95.8
and intangible assets that arose from          million).
the Combination resulting in non-current
assets of £1,923.0 million (31 March           Events since the balance sheet date
2018: £1,992.9 million). Net measurement       After the period end, AVEVA acquired
period adjustments of £15.3 million            the software assets of MaxGrip for €25
were made to goodwill during the first         million (approximately £21.8 million) and
year of the Combination including              disposed of a small distribution business
reassessment of the values of certain          in Italy for approximately £1.3 million.
intangible assets and adjustment to
the consideration for the payment to           James Kidd
Schneider Electric of £19.4 million under      Deputy CEO & CFO
the completion accounts mechanism.             29 May 2019

Trade receivables at 31 March 2019 were
£174.9 million (31 March 2018: £146.9
million) reflecting the strong sales towards
the year end. Contract assets increased
to £100.5 million from £67.6 million at
31 March 2018, largely due to the impact
of the multi-year contracts closed in
the financial year. Contract liabilities
representing deferred revenue were £174.6
million (31 March 2018: £141.7 million).
38   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

Powering industries by
empowering people.

                                                              Employee engagement has always been a
                                                              priority. This section covers how we have
At AVEVA, we believe the skills,                              evolved our Corporate Communications
                                                              and HR and Engagement processes,
expertise and passion of our employees                        as well as our culture to reflect the
                                                              changing needs of the organisation.
are critical to success, and we want                          AVEVA employs over 4,500 people across
everyone to feel inspired to achieve                          44 countries and more than 150 locations.

great things for our customers.                               Our employees
                                                              Listening and engaging
                                                              Following the Combination with SES, we
                                                              have been successfully operating as a
                                                              unified organisation for more than a year.
                                                              We ensured all employees were welcomed
                                                              and integrated into AVEVA without delay
                                                              and, following an extensive integration
                                                              programme, worked hard to bring together
                                                              the two organisations with minimal
                                                              disruption to customers and shareholders.




         Building a sustainable
  “Strong communication is vital for any organisation, but    The integration programme resulted in an
                                                              intense period of change for our employees
 that is especially true for AVEVA where our colleagues are   and we have made good progress
    experiencing large amounts of change following the        adapting the way we communicate to
                                                              reflect the needs of our newly integrated
 merger. Through our regular communication activities, we     organisation. Through effective two-way
   keep our people up-to-date on everything they need to      communication, we have aimed to support
know, while attempting to make sure they aren’t overloaded    our employees through this change,
                                                              focusing on communicating how these
  by non-essential information. By taking opportunities to    changes impacted them. We achieved
engage with colleagues globally across different channels,    this through a carefully considered
                                                              integration communications strategy
   we create a sense of community and shared belonging,       and plan, designed to deliver important
     which helps to reinforce our business strategy and       updates via a variety of channels including
                      AVEVA LIFE values.”                     face-to-face Meet and Greet sessions
                                                              across the globe, email, intranet and all
                                  Mark Cooper                 employee calls with our leadership team.
                          Chief Human Resources Officer
                                                                    Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements   39




We are committed to engaging with our
people and communicating essential
information on the future growth of
our business to all our stakeholders.
                                              Developing and
We have launched multiple new
communications channels designed to
                                              embedding AVEVA’s
                                              new culture
inform, engage and inspire employees,
and regularly see engagement rates of
more than 60% for many of our regular
communications, including global Meet
and Greets, team newsletters, weekly
customer success announcements and
a monthly podcast from our CEO.               AVEVA has collaborated with employees          “It is our people and our shared
                                              from across the globe to develop a            values that realise our plans and
Our intranet continues to provide a           shared culture and set of values. We
                                              launched our new AVEVA LIFE values in
                                                                                               strategies around the world.
dynamic social hub and information
                                              September 2018 and these have been              They are what drives us to be
centre for employee communications.
We have seen excellent engagement             adopted throughout the organisation.             the best. I believe we do our
with this platform, particularly with our                                                   finest work together and AVEVA
people stories, which allow employees         Our values are: Limitless possibilities,          colleagues from across the
to share their news on Corporate              Integrity always, Flexibility together and
                                              Excellence every day.
                                                                                            globe crafted our values, which
Social Responsibility activities,
                                                                                                   perfectly demonstrate
local events and celebrations.
                                              These values were born out of a global              everything we stand for.”
                                              campaign that included 50 culture cafés
                                                                                                        Craig Hayman
                                              hosted in offices around the world. These
                                                                                                             CEO
                                              cafés were attended by 454 employees
                                              and provided an opportunity to come




future
                                              together to share thoughts and
                                              experiences on working for AVEVA, as
                                              well as to discuss the kind of organisation
                                              AVEVA is, and what it should aspire
                                              to become.                                    “ ‘Integrity always’ fits amazingly
                                                                                               well with who we are and what
                                              Our AVEVA LIFE values underpin                   we do, as individuals and as a
                                              everything we do at AVEVA and                    software company. We do the
                                              perfectly demonstrate the kind of
                                                                                                right thing because we hold
                                              organisation we want to be. Our values
                                              help us to match new talent to our culture          integrity as a value, and
We recognised the importance of face-to-                                                     ultimately this leads to process
                                              and set goals aligned to our AVEVA LIFE
face engagement with our new CEO and
Executive Leadership Team. We delivered
                                              ethos. Whether we are looking for the             and data integrity – which is
                                              next big customer win, or working                         what we do.”
a global executive Meet and Greet
                                              collaboratively on a project, AVEVA LIFE
campaign in support of the integration                                                                 Paulo Andrade
                                              provides a guide for how we show up
programme, which reached almost 3,400                                                              Technical Sales Manager
                                              every day.
employees across 28 locations. The
campaign concluded with a live event
broadcast to every employee across the
organisation, with many offices arranging
local screening events. To engage
audiences, we made the event interactive
and encouraged employees to submit
questions in advance as well as during
the event itself. 34 events took place,
with over 2,000 people watching either
live or via playback in the first 24 hours.
40    AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY REPORT CONTINUED

Diversity & Inclusion


Group gender diversity                              We have continued to grow our Global            Combination, and the positive impact
                                                    Ambassador Network and have welcomed            this had on employee engagement.
Board (9)                    Executive Leadership   new members from SES. The network has
  Male                                   Team (8)   proved invaluable in organising corporate       Our policies – supporting our people
  Female                                  Male      events and providing local feedback on          As a global organisation, we recognise
                                        Female      corporate messaging and campaigns.              our responsibility to respect and to
                                                                                                    contribute positively to human rights, and
                                                    Communications feedback remains a               we are committed to acting ethically and
                       25%                          priority, and we regularly ask employees to     with integrity in all business matters.
                       28%                          share their views on messages received and
                                                    initiatives launched across the business.       Our Group policies are reviewed on an
                       13%
                                                    We invite employees to comment on most          annual basis and cover anti-bribery
                       22%                          of our organisational announcements,            and corruption, anti-slavery and human
                                                    and solicit feedback on any new initiatives     trafficking, social matters, employee
                                                    promoted on our intranet. This feedback         benefits and other policies required by
                                                    is highly valued and feeds into plans           statute. Our policies are available on our
                                                    for future communications activities. In        intranet and accessible for all employees.
                                                    addition, we regularly survey employees
                       78%                          following corporate events so that we           We run annual mandatory global
                       87%                          can apply lessons learned in the future.        corporate ethics training. All employees
                       72%                                                                          are required to complete training modules
                                                    Following our first live Meet and Greet         on all corporate ethics policies, with the
                       75%
                                                    event we asked employees what they              aim of ensuring organisational-wide
                                                    enjoyed about the session, what could           understanding of AVEVA’s stance on
                                                    have gone better and if they would like to      ethics, as well as the role individuals must
                                                    see more of this type of event in the future.   play as employees of the organisation.
Strategic Leadership              AVEVA (4,560)     Feedback showed a real enthusiasm and
Team (18)                               Male        taking this into account, our Executive         In the last 12 months, we have updated
   Male                               Female        Leadership Team has now committed               and improved our employee policies
   Female                                           to regular live Meet and Greet events.          in a range of areas including, but not
                                                                                                    limited to, whistleblowing (rebranded
                                                    We’re pleased to have been announced            AVEVA ‘Speak Up’), dignity at work,
                                                    as a finalist for the 2019 Gartner              travel and homeworking. All changes
                                                    Awards for our entry in the Excellence          have been made with the aim of
                                                    in Change Communication category.               improving employee wellbeing, both
                                                    This entry focused on the contribution          within and beyond the workplace.
                                                    the Corporate Communications team
                                                    made on the integration project for the

 “It is really exciting to see
  so many great initiatives
    happening around the
 business aimed at making
 AVEVA an attractive place
 to work for everyone. Our
partnerships with WISE and
   Girls in Tech are vitally
   important in helping us
      achieve our gender
        diversity goals.”
                 Clare Bye
     Head of Global Talent & HR Services             Bangalore colleagues assemble during International Women’s Day
                                                                         Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements             41




“Through various initiatives                   Non-financial information statement
 like Women in R&D, AVEVA                                                         Policies and guidelines that     What this means for us and
                                                Reporting requirements            govern our approach              our communities
    has proved that it’s a
workplace that can inspire.”                    Environmental Matters             Global Environment and           Developed as part of our
                                                                                  Sustainability Statement         commitment to reduce our
                                                                                                                   emissions
             Poulomi Ghosh
            Software Engineer                   Employees                         AVEVA LIFE values                We value our employees
                                                                                  Dignity at Work Policy           and encourage them to be
                                                                                  AVEVA Speak Up Policy            the best they can be

Supporting Diversity & Inclusion                Social and Community              AVEVA Action for Good            Our employees do a lot for
in our industry                                 Matters                           Pledge 1%                        charities, and with
                                                                                                                   employer matched funding,
As a technology company, we need to                                                                                contributions go further
understand and address the challenges
within the broader sector in attracting         Human Rights                      Anti-Slavery and Human           We review annually as we
and retaining women, and are committed                                            Trafficking Policy               strive to be ethical in all our
                                                                                                                   practices
to doing all we can to encourage and
support more women into the industry.           Anti-Bribery and                  Anti-Bribery and                 All employees must
                                                Anti-Corruption                   Corruption                       complete and pass an
We continue to be an active member of                                             Corporate Gifts and              annual test on corporate
WISE, a UK campaign for gender balance                                            Hospitality                      ethics
                                                                                  Group Export Policy
in science, technology, and engineering.                                          Related Party Transactions
Providing support to the WISE initiative
is a key part of our strategy for increasing
the number of women in technical roles
within the company, and this year we
continued to show our support by acting
as a sponsor for the WISE annual awards.

Internally, our goal is to achieve greater
                                                AVEVA’s                                            Chemical engineering students studying
                                                                                                   at The Federal University of Campina
                                                                                                   Grande (UFCG) are able to access
Diversity & Inclusion. We want to close
the gap in our gender pay inequality and        Academic                                           engineering and simulation tools via the
                                                                                                   cloud through the AVEVA Academic
                                                                                                   Program, offered to universities to
                                                Programme
recognise that one of the most effective
ways to do so is to hire and progress more                                                         expose students to real-world process
women into senior and technical positions.                                                         simulation solutions using modern

We have a framework in place to ensure
we attract and retain the best possible
                                                Universidade                                       process engineering tools.

                                                                                                   Having ready access to AVEVA’s
talent, with a key focus on how we support
and encourage women in the STEM                 Federal de                                         solutions creates a point of
                                                                                                   differentiation for students, and their
arena. This includes an AVEVA Women                                                                familiarity with digital transformation
in Research and Development network
that offers mentoring and support.
                                                Campina                                            better equips them for work in a process
                                                                                                   engineering field.

One of our new partners this year
is ‘Girls in Tech’, a global non-profit
                                                Grande                                             For example, during a joint project,
                                                                                                   chemical engineering students designed,
organisation that shares our values                                                                implemented and executed a process
and beliefs about supporting women                                                                 engineering package using AVEVA’s
in the technology industry. It works                                                               PRO/II, DYNSIM, and SimCentral.
to put an end to gender inequality in
high-tech industries and start-ups by
educating and empowering women
                                                “Learning about this software                       “ With AVEVA, our students have
who are passionate about technology.
                                                      during the chemical                              direct access to industrial
On 8 March, AVEVA was proud to host              engineering graduate course                            scenarios, earning more
numerous events across our regions in               has certainly made the                           specific knowledge, being truly
celebration of International Women’s Day.          difference in my career.                         prepared to face the challenges
As well as organising Executive panel
                                                Especially in the area of digital                          of professional life.”
events in our Cambridge, Hyderabad
and Lake Forest offices for over 1,000          transformation. The solutions                                  Dr. Heleno Bispo
employees, offices were encouraged                  from AVEVA have been                               Professor of Chemical Engineering,
to take part and celebrate in any way              essential in my training.”                                        UFCG
they chose. Many events took place
                                                            Willy Araujo
across the globe, from health talks
                                                Chemical Engineering Masters Student,
in Bangalore through to celebrating
                                                               UFCG
colleague successes in Mexico.
42   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY REPORT CONTINUED

AVEVA in the
community

Giving our employees a platform to             we have a constant pipeline of highly
share their experiences and thoughts           skilled people joining our organisation.
on Diversity & Inclusion is important to
AVEVA. We invited employees to upload a        As a large, global organisation, being
video diary on the subject to a dedicated      able to attract and retain diverse talent
area of our intranet. In total, 52 videos      is core to our success. We have launched
were submitted and engagement levels           regional strategies to recruit and develop
with these videos was high. The success        talent, while taking account of Diversity &
of this campaign has inspired us to use        Inclusion, with associated initiatives and
the platform for future employee insights.     metrics to ensure progress in these areas.

Sharing knowledge and experience               Early Careers is one of the core strategies
This year our Learning and Development         for the Talent Acquisition function, focusing
teams have worked across the whole             on future-proofing our organisation for
organisation to support everyone in            long-term productivity and covering the
understanding our new AVEVA business           risks of an ageing workforce, fast-paced
proposition and value to our clients.          change in technology and an increasingly
                                               global market. Early Careers spans
We regularly hold departmental, global         graduates, interns and apprentices,
and functional conferences and events          and during the financial year, this
designed to bring colleagues together          initiative increased our headcount by
to collaborate, share ideas and lessons        75 across various functions globally.
learned, as well as plan for the year
ahead. A few examples of this include          Academic initiatives
marketing summits, HR conferences and          We continue to build relationships
IGNITE, our annual sales conference.           with academic institutions around
                                               the world through a variety of
IGNITE brings together all our Sales,          campaigns and initiatives aimed at
Marketing and Channel teams to                 supporting students looking to start
network, share successes and, most             a career in the technology industry.
importantly, discuss how we can
continue to drive our business forward         On 1 January 2019, we launched
and deliver for our customers. In April        our first North America Academic
2018, it provided an opportune chance          Competition. 56 participants from
to discuss our combined Sales strategy         20 universities used SimCentral, our            “After having completed our
for our first year of our joint operations.    industrial simulation platform, to solve a
                                               problem in collaboration with Dr. Richard       volunteer service at Cradles
Additionally, a lot of work has been carried   Turton, renowned author and industry            to Crayons and learning that
out to harmonise processes and to train        expert in the field of chemical process
employees on these, as well as new             simulation. The winner and runner-up
                                                                                                 our effort made a direct
systems. We developed a global induction       both received a grant to further explore         impact on 85 children that
on our intranet to provide all new joiners     simulation of chemical processes requiring      day inspires me to continue
with a hub of core corporate information.      membrane separation models, such as
                                               oxygen separation from air, alternative           making efforts to donate
Ongoing technical and soft skills              natural gas utilisation, and carbon              and volunteer. I appreciate
training continue to be provided,              capture from coal-fired power plants.
using both internal and external
                                                                                               AVEVA providing us with this
providers to support employees.                We have ongoing relationships with               opportunity to give back to
                                               vocational training centres, universities             the community.”
Advancing our talent                           and further education establishments
We recognise that the success of our           to donate software and training for                          Eric Johnson
business relies on the acquisition and         use on engineering and Computer-                    Digital Customer Experience
retention of talented people. We are           Aided Design (CAD) degree courses.                       Engagement Agent
proud to have a team of dedicated
talent acquisition specialists around the      As part of our research programme
world who work tirelessly to seek and          we are working with the University of
engage with top talent to ensure that          Cambridge to help sponsor its Future
                                                                      Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements         43




Infrastructure and Built Environment          technology projects, we want everyone          Determined to provide support in the
(FIBE) Centre for Doctoral Training           to take action for the good of our world.      community they work, volunteers took to
where we are co-sponsoring three PhD                                                         the streets overnight to give out AVEVA-
students, guiding their research and          Inspired by the United Nations Sustainable     funded blankets to those in need.
mentoring them through their studies.         Development Goals and guiding principles
                                              on business and human rights, this             These are just two examples, but
We are also working with the University       programme makes it possible for every          employees from all over the world have all
of Milan to assess the behavioural and        employee at AVEVA to make a real               taken advantage of paid time off to support
academic impact of our Augmented              difference across three areas of our           worthwhile causes local to their community.
and Virtual Reality (AR/VR) software          Social Wellbeing framework: Community,
on students’ ability to problem               Environment, and Workplace. To enable          We also aim to support employees
solve when dealing with complex               our employees to take part, we offer an        who take on personal challenges to
chemical engineering processes.               additional day of paid leave per year to       support causes that matter to them.
                                              support causes that matter to them.
Supporting our local communities                                                             Our commitment to CSR is recognised
through charitable giving and                 Our employee community has for many            externally, and was reflected in our
volunteering                                  years shown a passion for supporting           inclusion for the third consecutive year
In October 2018, we launched AVEVA            social wellbeing and community initiatives,    in the FTSE4Good Index. The index
Action for Good, a Group-wide Corporate       through the organising of fund-raising         identifies listed companies that make
Social Responsibility initiative designed     events, charitable activities and directly     a positive contribution to society and
to encourage employees to take part in        supporting local communities. For              demonstrate strong Environmental,
social wellbeing activities which support     example, in December, employees from our       Social and Governance practices.
local communities and society more            Chicago office provided support to Cradles
broadly. As part of this, we have joined      to Crayons, an organisation that provides      As part of our Pledge 1% commitment,
the “Pledge 1%” movement, committing          clothing to impoverished households.           AVEVA has financially contributed £90k
the equivalent of 1% of our net profits,                                                     to global causes as well as supported
through a combination of paid time off and    In January, Hyderabad colleagues               paid time off to a value of £9k. Since
financial contributions, to support social    distributed blankets to the city’s homeless.   we launched our commitment, we have
wellbeing and charitable causes, both at      More than 1,500 homeless people live           contributed 0.6% of our net profits. We will
a global level and in the local communities   on the streets of Hyderabad, a situation       add the £70k shortfall to next year’s total.
where we operate. From working with           made more challenging due to the
children’s charities to life-changing         wintry temperatures at this time of year.




Environmental responsibility                  Tonnes of CO2e
Greenhouse gas/carbon emissions               Emissions from:                                                         2019           2018

For the purposes of this report, the          Scope 1 – Combustion of fuel and operation of facilities              1,229           938
emissions have been calculated according      Scope 2 – Electricity, heat, steam and cooling purchased
to the ‘Environmental Reporting                for own use                                                          8,019         5,876
Guidelines: Including mandatory               Scope 3 – Transmission and distribution losses                        1,140         1,323
greenhouse gas emissions reporting                                                                                 10,388          8,137
guidance’ issued by the Department for
                                              Intensity measurement (Scopes 1 and 2)
Environment, Food and Rural Affairs
                                              – Tonnes CO2e/£m revenue                                              12.06         13.65
(DEFRA), and by applying DEFRA’s
conversion factors.

The data presented is presented on a          AVEVA is committed to minimising its           • Minimise and actively manage waste
reported basis (i.e. with 12 months of the    carbon emissions, increasing the use of            aiming to send zero waste to landfill;
enlarged AVEVA Group for FY19, but 12         recycling opportunities and reducing the       • Purchase sustainable goods and
months of heritage SES and 1 month of the     use of valuable natural resources. We are          services where practicable;
heritage AVEVA business in FY18).             continually improving the way in which we      • Reduce water consumption;
                                              capture and record our emissions data.         • Encourage colleagues to commute to
For our carbon intensity ratio we have        Our vision is to:                                  work by sustainable modes of
measured our carbon usage as it relates to    • Seek to continually improve the                  transport;
our business performance, citing tonnes of       environmental and sustainability            •   Implement procedures for sustainable
CO2e/£ million of revenue. In FY19 this          performance of our real estate;                 construction, refurbishment and
intensity ratio reduced to 12.06 tonnes       • Develop collaborative relationships with         maintenance of buildings;
CO2e/£ million (FY18: 13.65).                    suppliers, vendors and other interested     •   Foster a collaborative culture to
                                                 parties at a local, regional and global         maximise the expertise and abilities of
                                                 level to facilitate knowledge exchange;         colleagues;
                                              • Devise an internal environmental             •   Provide appropriate sustainability
                                                 standard to enable ongoing                      training for colleagues and encourage
                                                 performance measurement;                        them to apply sustainability practices
                                              • Reduce the consumption of energy and             at work, home and in the wider
                                                 reliance on fossil fuels, adopting, where       community; and
                                                 possible, renewable energy sources;         •   Comply with relevant regulations and
                                                                                                 in-country legislative requirements.
44   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




GOVERNANCE REPORT




                               Strength in our
         Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements   45




leadership team



                            CONTENTS
                            Governance Report
                            46 Board of Directors’ biographies
                            48 Chairman’s introduction to Governance
                            51 Board and Committee attendance
                            54 Nomination Committee report
                            56 Audit Committee report
                            60 Remuneration Committee report
                            80 Other statutory information
46    AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Philip Aiken                     Craig Hayman                     Christopher Humphrey             Jennifer Allerton             Peter Herweck
Chairman                         Chief Executive Officer          Senior Independent               Independent                   Non-Executive Director
                                                                  Non-Executive Director           Non-Executive Director
Tenure: 7 years 1 month          Tenure: 1 year 3 months          Tenure: 2 years 11 months        Tenure: 5 years 11 months     Tenure: 1 year 3 months
(appointed 1 May 2012)           (appointed 19 Feb 2018)          (appointed 1 Jul 2016)           (appointed 9 Jul 2013)        (appointed 1 Mar 2018)
Nationality: Australian          Nationality: British             Nationality: British             Nationality: British          Nationality: German
                                 and American                                                      and Swiss



Phil has 48 years of             Craig joined AVEVA as            Chris is a qualified             Jennifer has more than        Peter Herweck has been
experience in industry and       CEO in February 2018,            accountant and has over 25       40 years’ experience in       a member of Schneider
commerce. From 1997 to           bringing more than 30 years      years’ experience managing       technology working in         Electric’s Executive
2006 he was President of         of technology industry           engineering and technology       multinational companies       Committee since 2016 and
BHP Petroleum and then           leadership and executive         companies. From 2008 until       in the UK, the US, Brazil,    leads Schneider Electric’s
Group President of Energy        management experience.           2015 he was Group Chief          Asia and Switzerland.         global Industrial Automation
of BHP Billiton. He has been     Previously he was Chief          Executive Officer of Anite       Notably, she was a member     Business. He has extensive
Managing Director of BOC/        Operating Officer at             plc, after having joined         of the Pharma Executive       experience in Automation,
CIG, Chief Executive of BTR      software company PTC Inc,        Anite in 2003 as Group           Committee and Chief           Digitisation and Industrial
Nylex, Senior Advisor of         where he had responsibility      Finance Director. Prior to       Information Officer of        Software. Peter started his
Macquarie Bank (Europe),         for sales, marketing and         this he was Group Finance        F. Hoffmann-La Roche,         career at Mitsubishi in Japan,
Chairman of Robert Walters       development. He also             Director at Critchley Group      with responsibility for IT    later joining Siemens where
plc, Senior Independent          served as President of           plc and held senior positions    strategy and operations for   he held several executive
Director of Kazakhmys plc        the PTC Solutions Group.         in finance at Conoco and         the Pharma division and       positions in Factory and
and Essar Energy plc and         Prior to joining PTC, Craig      Eurotherm International plc.     all Group IT operations.      Process Automation along
Director of Essar Oil Limited.   was President of eBay’s          Chris has a BA (Hons) in         Prior to that, she served     with leading Corporate
Other previous roles include:    enterprise business and          Economics, is a Chartered        as Technology Director        Strategy as Chief Strategy
Director of National Grid plc    served more than 15 years in     Management Accountant,           at Barclaycard with           Officer. He has a global
from 2008 to 2015, Director      senior leadership positions at   a Fellow of CIMA and has         responsibility for Fraud      and extensive executive
of Miclyn Express Offshore,      IBM. At IBM he created and       an MBA from Cranfield            Operations and IT and held    and senior management
Chairman of the 2004             grew IBM’s SaaS business         School of Management.            senior positions in IT at     background in Germany,
World Energy Congress and        and initiated and led 18 high                                     Unilever and BOC. She has     China, the US and Japan.
serving on the Boards of         performing acquisitions.         Other current appointments:      degrees in Mathematics,
the Governor of Guangdong        Craig returned to the UK         Senior Independent Director      Geosciences and Physics and   Peter holds an MBA from
International Council, World     from the US to the CEO role      and Chairman of the Audit        speaks several languages.     Wake Forest University
Energy Council and Monash        at AVEVA. He holds a BSc.        Committee of Vitec Group         She holds dual nationality    School of Business and
Mt Eliza Business School.        (Hons) in Computer Science       plc, Non-Executive Chairman      being a citizen of both the   Engineering degrees
                                 and Electronics from the         of Eckoh plc and a Non-          UK and Switzerland.           from Metz University
Other current appointments:      University of London.            Executive Director of SDL plc.                                 and Saarland University.
Chairman of Balfour Beatty                                                                         Other current appointments:   He is also a Harvard
plc, Non-Executive Director      Other current appointments:                                       Non-Executive Director of     Business School Advanced
of Newcrest Mining Limited,      None.                                                             Iron Mountain Inc. and        Management Alumni.
Chairman of Australian Day                                                                         Sandvik AB.
Foundation, Director of                                                                                                          Other current appointments:
Gammon China Limited and                                                                                                         None.
Gammon Construction
Holdings Limited.


From left:
Craig Hayman,
Philip Aiken,
Christopher Humphrey,
Jennifer Allerton,
Peter Herweck,
Paula Dowdy,
James Kidd,
Emmanuel Babeau
and Ron Mobed




Committees:
  Audit Committee
  Nomination Committee
  Remuneration Committee
  Chair
                                                                               Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements                47




Paula Dowdy                              James Kidd                            Emmanuel Babeau                          Ron Mobed
Independent                              Deputy CEO and CFO                    Non-Executive Director and               Independent
Non-Executive Director                                                         Vice Chairman                            Non-Executive Director
Tenure: 4 months                         Tenure: 8 years 5 months              Tenure: 1 year 3 months                  Tenure: 2 years 3 months
(appointed 1 Feb 2019)                   (appointed 1 Jan 2011)                (appointed 1 Mar 2018)                   (appointed 1 Mar 2017)
Nationality: American and British        Nationality: British                  Nationality: French                      Nationality: British




Paula is the Senior Vice President       James is a Chartered Accountant       Emmanuel has been Deputy                 Ron has a broad range of global
& General Manager EMEA for               and joined AVEVA in 2004. Prior to    Chief Executive Officer in charge        experience in electronic information
Illumina Inc., the global leader         his appointment to the Board, James   of Finance & Legal Affairs at            businesses across a number
in DNA sequencing and array-             held several senior finance roles     Schneider Electric since 2013.           of sectors and regions. Most
based technologies. Prior to her         within the Group and was Head         He joined Schneider Electric in          recently, he was Chief Executive
appointment to Illumina in 2016,         of Finance from 2006 until 2011,      2009 as Executive Vice President         Officer of the Elsevier business
Paula worked for Cisco in a variety      when he was appointed CFO. James      Finance and as a Member of               of RELX Plc and has also held
of senior sales, services and strategy   was Chief Executive from January      the Management Board.                    Executive positions with Cengage
roles, notably as Senior Vice            2017 to February 2018, leading the                                             Learning, IHS and Schlumberger.
President for Cloud, Software and        merger with the Schneider Electric    Emmanuel began his career at
Managed Services. Paula also led         Software Business before being        Arthur Andersen in 1990. In 1993,        He is a Fellow of the Institute
the integration of the analytics and     appointed Deputy CEO and Chief        he joined Pernod Ricard where he         of Directors and of the Energy
automation software acquisitions         Financial Officer of the enlarged     held several senior finance and          Institute. He holds a Bachelor’s
into the larger Cisco sales force        Group. Prior to joining AVEVA James   executive positions, becoming Vice       degree in Engineering from Trinity
and was a board observer for             worked for both Arthur Andersen       President of Development in 2001.        College, University of Cambridge
one of Cisco’s investments.              and Deloitte, serving technology      He was appointed CFO in 2003 and         and a Master’s degree in Petroleum
                                         clients in both transactional         Group Deputy Managing Director           Engineering from Imperial College,
She holds an MBA from Pepperdine         and audit engagements.                of Finance in 2006, supervising          University of London. Ron was
University and a Bachelor of                                                   Finance, Information Systems             previously a Non-Executive Director
Arts degree from the University          Other current appointments:           and Industry Administrations.            of Argus Media from 2009 until 2011.
of California, Berkeley.                 None.
                                                                               Emmanuel graduated from École            Other current appointments:
Other current appointments:                                                    Supérieure de Commerce de Paris          None.
None.                                                                          (ESCP) in 1989 and holds a degree in
                                                                               finance and accounting (DESCF).

                                                                               Other current appointments:
                                                                               Non-Executive Director of Sodexo
                                                                               S.A. and of Sanofi.




                                                                                                          Independence split
                                                                                                             Chairman
                                                                                                             Executive Directors
                                                                                                             Non-Executive
                                                                                                             Directors
                                                                                                             Independent
                                                                                                             Non-Executive Directors


                                                                                                          Gender split
                                                                                                             Female
                                                                                                             Male
                                                                                                                                               22%


                                                                                                          Sector experience of the Board
                                                                                                          Power                                         22%
                                                                                                          Construction                                  22%
                                                                                                          Engineering                                   44%
                                                                                                          Oil & Gas                                     22%
                                                                                                          Software                                      56%
                                                                                                          Technology                                    56%
                                                                                                          Construction                                  33%
48   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Board’s aim is to create robust
foundations for sustainable future
success, delivering value for our
employees and shareholders




                                         Dear shareholders,                              Maintaining compliance with
                                                                                         the Code
                                         I am pleased to have the opportunity            The Board believes that good corporate
                                         to address AVEVA’s shareholders as              governance underpins good business
                                         the Group comes to the end of a year            performance and long-term value
                                         of transformation following the                 creation. It continually strives to maintain
                                         combination of AVEVA and the                    a governance framework that is easy
                                         Schneider Electric industrial software          to understand and agile, and which
                                         business.                                       facilitates it leading AVEVA into the
                                                                                         future whilst continuing to reflect the
                                         During the year, the Board has continued        greater requirements for accountability,
 Phil Aiken                              to focus on providing effective leadership      diversity and transparency that are
 Chairman                                and oversight of the Company as it              expected of a modern global business.
 29 May 2019                             seeks to achieve its strategic priorities
                                         and create value for our shareholders           As reported in 2018, in compliance with
                                         during an ongoing period of regulatory          the provisions of the Listing Rules of the
                                         and political uncertainty. In this regard,      Financial Conduct Authority, specifically
                                         it was a year of future-proofing                where a listed company has a controlling
                                         AVEVA’s governance framework                    shareholder, we have in place a Relationship
                                         and ensuring that it is accountable,            Agreement with Schneider Electric SE,
                                         robust and sustainable long-term.               our majority shareholder. This is a legally
                                                                                         binding agreement to ensure that Schneider
                                         Amongst the more significant future-            Electric complies with the independence
                                         proofing initiatives we undertook in the        provisions of the Listing Rules and to
                                         past year, I want to highlight the following:   allow AVEVA to carry on its business
                                                                                         independently of Schneider Electric.
                                         Board composition
                                         The selection and appointment of an             The Board has focused on addressing any
 “During the year the Board              additional independent Non-Executive            matters of non-compliance with the Code
 has continued to enhance                Director was a key focus for this year.         which were reported in last year’s Annual
                                         Following a rigorous selection process, the     Report. For the full year under review,
     and challenge the                   Board was delighted with the appointment        and as a direct result of the terms of our
      development and                    of Paula Dowdy on 1 February 2019.              Relationship Agreement with our majority
   implementation of the                 The Nomination Committee led the                shareholder, items of non-compliance are:

  integration strategy and
                                         process covering the search, selection          • Although Ron Mobed was appointed to
                                         and nomination of the candidate and                the Nomination Committee in March
       our governance                    further detail on the process can be found         2019 as an additional independent
                                         on pages 54-55. With Paula joining the             member, the Committee’s membership
         framework”                      Board her international experience further         did not consist of a majority of
                                         strengthens the Board which has a rich             independent Non-Executive Directors
                                         depth of technological, industrial and             if the independence of the Chairman
                                         financial expertise across our six Non-            is excluded.
                                         Executive Directors. With this appointment,     • Similarly, although Paula Dowdy was
                                         we are now in compliance with the 2016             appointed to the Remuneration
                                         UK Corporate Governance Code (the                  Committee in March 2019 as an
                                         “Code”), and have at least half the Board          additional independent member, the
                                         represented by independent Non-Executive           Committee’s membership did not
                                         Directors (excluding the Chairman).                consist of solely independent Non-
                                                                                            Executive Directors.
                                                                    Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements    49




With the above appointments, the Board       Embedding culture                             Integration and transformation
has sought to ensure that Committee          As the Company works through the              Unsurprisingly, one of the most important
membership is as independent as              integration of the two heritage businesses,   matters demanding the Board’s attention
possible notwithstanding the restrictions    extensive work has been undertaken to         over the past year was the continued
of the Relationship Agreement.               bring colleagues together, streamline         integration of the combined Group’s
                                             processes and policies and create a fully     activities, monitoring the achievement
With the support of the Company              joined up Group in line with our broader      of synergies, creating new and valuable
Secretary, the Board regularly monitors      strategy. Consequently, during 2018,          opportunities for our customers and
changes in the corporate governance          there was considerable focus on culture,      ensuring long-term value creation for
landscape and continually reviews best       enhanced behaviour and ethics training        our shareholders and stakeholders.
practice. During the year under review,      and on introducing updated policies           A significant amount of the Board’s
the Group applied the 2016 Code but in       and accessible reporting facilities.          activities continues to be aimed at
anticipation of adopting the 2018 Code                                                     setting the strategic direction for
and being compliant with other legislative   The Board was proud to see the launch         integration and transformation activities
changes, the Board and its Committees        of the AVEVA LIFE values which                and monitoring their implementation. I
undertook a comprehensive review of its      embody the way AVEVA approaches               would like to thank my colleagues, the
corporate governance framework and           its customers, partners, colleagues and       Executive Leadership Team (ELT) and
Terms of Reference. Further work will be     stakeholders every day. These values are      all employees for their continued efforts
undertaken to ensure that the Board and      recognised across the Group and have          and support with transforming AVEVA
its Committees comply with the 2018 Code     become a vital part of AVEVA’s culture.       to be the global leader delivering digital
and other legislative changes and are able   Culture remains a matter of regular           transformation to the industrial sector.
to effectively report on these in 2020.      Board discussion. We fully support
                                             management’s ongoing commitment to            The Board looks forward to continuing
                                             maintaining a working environment based       to oversee, govern and support
                                             on integrity, respect and openness, which     AVEVA as it builds on the growth and
                                             enables all colleagues to fully participate   transformation achieved this year.
                                             in AVEVA LIFE and is an important             Our Corporate Governance Report
                                             contributor to our ongoing success. For       demonstrates that AVEVA is ready to
                                             more information on how we live our           face any challenges that lie ahead.
                                             AVEVA LIFE values, please see page 39.
50   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

                                                                               EFFECTIVE, EXPERIENCED AND

     Group Structure Chart                                                     DIVERSE LEADERSHIP
                                                                               Composition of the Board
                                                                               The Board currently comprises the
                                                                               Chairman, two Executive Directors
                                                                               and six Non-Executive Directors, four
                                                                               of whom the Board considers to be
                Board
          Provides Strategic
                                                                               independent, being Chris Humphrey,
            leadership to                                                      Jennifer Allerton, Ron Mobed and Paula
              the Group                                                        Dowdy. Chris Humphrey additionally has
                                                                               the role of Senior Independent Director.
                                                           Nomination
                                                           Committee           Non-Executive Directors are appointed
                                                          Reviews Board
                                                                               for a term of three years. The terms
                                                           composition
                                                          and succession       and conditions of appointment of
                                                             planning          Non-Executive Directors are available
                                                                               for inspection at the Company’s
                                                                               registered office during normal
                                                                               business hours and will be available
                                                          Read more on
                                                                               for inspection on the day of the
                                                          pages 54-55
                                                                               forthcoming Annual General Meeting.

                                                                               In accordance with the UK Corporate
                                                             Audit             Governance Code requiring all Directors
                                                           Committee           who held office at 31 March 2019 to
                                                       Monitors and oversees   stand for re-election, resolutions will
                                                         risk management
                                                             and control       be submitted to the Annual General
                                                                               Meeting for the re-election of all
                                                                               current Directors and the election
                                                                               of Paula Dowdy as a Director.
                                                          Read more on
                                                          pages 56-59          Biographies of each of the Directors,
                                                                               including their membership of Committees,
                                                                               are set out on pages 46 to 47.

                                                         Remuneration
                                                          Committee
                                                        Reviews Board and
                                                                               Board meetings
                                                        senior management      It is expected that Directors and
                                                           remuneration        Committee members attend all scheduled
             Executive                                                         meetings. The attendance of individual
          Leadership Team                                                      Directors at the regular meetings of the
       Management Committee
        chaired by CEO, setting                                                Board and its Committees in the year is
                                                          Read more on
          Group strategy and                                                   set out in the table on page 51, with the
                                                          pages 60-79
       reviewing the operational                                               number of meetings each was eligible to
            performance of                                                     attend shown in brackets. In addition to
              the Group
                                                                               formal scheduled meetings, the Board and
                                                                               Committees meet as necessary to consider
                                                                               matters of a time-sensitive nature.

                                                                               When possible, meetings of the Board
                                                                               are held at the Group’s operating sites in
                                                                               order to afford the Board, particularly the
                                                                               Non-Executive Directors, the opportunity
                                                                               to meet with local senior management
                                                                               and engage with the wider workforce
                                                                               to gain first-hand knowledge of our
                                                                               business, opportunities and challenges.

                                                                               During the year, the Board held one of its
                                                                               meetings in Lake Forest, California, where
                                                                               a significant number of AVEVA colleagues
                                                                               are based, and spent additional days
                                                                               in Lake Forest speaking to employees
                                                                               during a Town Hall meeting and engaging
                                                                               with local senior management.
                                                                                     Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements            51




                                                                                                         Board          Audit    Remuneration     Nomination
                                                                                                       meetings     Committee      Committee      Committee

Philip Aiken                                                                                              7(7)                                         3(3)
Craig Hayman                                                                                              7(7)
James Kidd                                                                                                7(7)
Jennifer Allerton                                                                                         7(7)           4(4)           6(6)
Chris Humphrey                                                                                            7(7)           4(4)                          3(3)
Ron Mobed1                                                                                                7(7)           4(4)           6(6)           0(0)
Emmanuel Babeau                                                                                           7(7)                          5(6)
Peter Herweck                                                                                             7(7)                                         3(3)
Paula Dowdy2                                                                                              1(1)                          0(0)

1   Ron Mobed joined the Nomination Committee on 15 March 2019.
2   Paula Dowdy joined the Board on 1 February 2019 and the Remuneration Committee on 15 March 2019.


Cognisant of the requirements of the                     • Considered the potential impact of                 Independence of Non-Executive
incoming 2018 version of the Code around                    Brexit and other macro-economic                   Directors and segregation of duties
workforce engagement, the Board is                          uncertainties on the Group.                       The Code recommends that at least half
reviewing its annual calendar to ensure                                                                       of the Board, excluding the Chairman,
sufficient time is spent on strengthening                Matters reserved for the Board                       should comprise independent Non-
the relationship between the Board and                   The Board, with the support of its                   Executive Directors. The independence
front-line employees. The Board will                     Committees, has overall responsibility               of each Director is assessed annually
schedule at least one Board meeting                      to provide guidance and effective                    and the Board has confirmed that all the
per year in a non-UK office location.                    leadership by setting the strategic                  independent Non-Executives standing
                                                         direction of the Group and overseeing                for election, or re-election, at the 2019
Operation of the Board                                   management’s implementation of                       AGM continue to be independent.
The Board’s activities are structured                    strategy. The Board continues to keep
throughout the year to develop and                       under review the schedule of matters                 There is a clear division of responsibility
support the delivery of the Group’s                      reserved for decision by the Board. Main             between the roles of the Chairman,
strategy. The Chairman and Company                       matters relate to strategy, major capital            who is responsible for the running of
Secretary continually review the                         expenditure, major acquisitions and                  the Board, and the Chief Executive
annual corporate calendar to                             disposals, capital structure and financial           Officer, who is responsible for day-to-
ensure that it remains effective.                        results, internal controls, governance               day running of the Group’s business.
                                                         and risk management, Committee                       These responsibilities are set out in
The Board’s agenda for its formal                        membership, and terms of reference. The              writing and agreed by the Board.
meetings comprises a combination of                      full schedule is available on our website.
regular business matters and a forward-                                                                       The Senior Independent Director (SID)
looking agenda of other specific matters                 Committees                                           provides a sounding board for the Chair
for consideration. At each meeting                       In order that it can operate efficiently             and acts as an intermediary for the Non-
sufficient time is devoted to key business               and give the right level of attention and            Executive Directors, if required. The SID is
matters but the agenda remains flexible                  consideration to relevant matters, the               responsible for leading the Non-Executive
to accommodate the addition of any                       Board delegates authority and specific               Directors in appraising the performance of
specific items for discussion as required.               responsibilities to its Board Committees:            the Chair. The Company Secretary ensures
Standing items and regular reports cover                 Nomination, Audit and Remuneration.                  Board procedures are complied with
the Group’s financial performance and                    The Committees provide a detailed                    and the Board has the information, time
position, risk management, operational                   review and focus on different areas of               and resources to function effectively and
reports from business areas, investor                    the Board’s work. Committee agendas                  efficiently. The role also involves advising
relations and shareholder feedback, as                   and schedules of items to be discussed               the Board on governance, new Director
well as legal and governance matters.                    at future meetings are prepared in                   induction programmes and briefings on
                                                         accordance with the terms of reference               governance, legal and regulatory matters.
During the year, in addition to its                      of each Committee and take account of
regular business items the Board has:                    other topical and ad hoc matters. Further
• Monitored and steered the integration                  detail on the work of each Committee is set
   of heritage AVEVA and SES;                            out within each of the Committee reports,
• With the Nomination Committee,                         which immediately follow this report.
   considered the appointment of the
   additional independent Non-Executive
   Director and other succession planning
   matters;
• Begun to address the impact of the
   2018 Code and other governance
   regulation and legislative changes
   especially around workforce
   engagement and diversity;
• Kept under review potential new
   business opportunities; and,
52   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT CONTINUED

EFFECTIVENESS                                  Other findings included:
Board and Committee Performance                • Succession planning should continue to
evaluation                                       focus on diversity of skills, market
                                                 knowledge and ethnicity;
The effectiveness of the Board,
individual Directors and the Board’s main
                                               • The content of Board packs and reports
                                                 could be improved with less detailed
Committees are reviewed annually, with           focus on historic performance;
an externally facilitated review every three
years as required by the Code. The most
                                               • Committees operate effectively;
recent externally facilitated evaluation was
                                               • Discussions should increase focus on
                                                 strategically significant areas and
conducted in 2018 and the next external          strategy planning; and,
evaluation is expected to be conducted in
2020, a year earlier than planned to help
                                               • Discussions and reports could provide
                                                 more detail on customers and the
evaluate the functioning of the new post-        competitive landscape.
merger Board when it has ‘bedded in’. This
year the annual evaluation of the Board’s      The Company Secretary and Chairman
and all Committees’ effectiveness has          will continue to review the conclusions
been conducted internally by the Chairman      drawn from the evaluation and
supported by the Company Secretary.            implement actions as appropriate.

Each Director completed a confidential         Board development
questionnaire designed by the Chairman
and Company Secretary and which                On joining the Board all Directors
included questions on Board structure,         receive a formal induction to the Group,
operation of meetings, risk and internal       designed to enable them to understand          • Approving procedures for the detection
control and relationship with shareholders.    AVEVA’s core purpose and values, the               of fraud;
Following analyses of the completed            key business segments, products and the        • Approving training and awareness
questionnaires, the Chairman held one-to-      markets it operates in so that they can            programmes for the prevention of
one meetings with each individual Director.    be effective Board members from the                bribery;
                                               outset. This includes meetings with ELT        •   Undertaking an annual assessment of
The Chairman discussed the final report        members, the Chairman, the Company                 these processes and policies; and
on the performance evaluation with             Secretary and other AVEVA colleagues.          •   Approving an appropriate statement
the Board at its March 2019 meeting.                                                              for inclusion in the Annual Report.
                                               Board members are conscious of the
The discussions also considered the            need to keep themselves duly briefed           The Board’s monitoring and review include
progress made by the Board and Directors       and informed about current issues in the       all material controls including financial,
in implementing the recommendations            environment in which AVEVA operates.           non-financial, operational and compliance
of the previous evaluations. The               Specific and tailored updates were             controls. Key elements of the system of
Board recognised that the ELT and              provided to the Board by members of            internal control include:
the Company Secretary had acted                the ELT. The Board also received reports       • Procedures for the delegation of
upon many of the recommendations               from the Group General Counsel and                 authorities for significant matters, to
identified in the 2018 review.                 Company Secretary on current legal,                ensure approval is sought at the
                                               risk and governance issues, supported              appropriate level;
Key conclusions from the evaluation            with presentations by external experts         • Each member of the ELT has
It was noted that this was the first           on Directors’ duties, the 2018 UK code             responsibility for specific aspects of the
year of the enlarged Board following           and Market Abuse Regulation. Ongoing               Group’s operations;
the merger and that the evaluation             development needs are considered when          • Regular reports to the Board from the
provided a good opportunity to                 setting the Board’s corporate calendar,            ELT on key developments, financial
review the Board’s operations during           including deep-dives, topic briefings,             performance and operational matters;
the year and address any issues.               external training and site visits.             • Regular meetings between the ELT and
                                                                                                  Senior Leadership Team, which
The conclusions of the review have             Internal control and risk management               supports maintenance of the internal
been positive and have confirmed that          AVEVA’s risk management framework                  control and risk management
the Board and its Committees operate           is designed to provide the Board with              processes, to review operational and
effectively and that each Director             oversight of, and insight into, the most           financial controls;
contributes to the overall effectiveness       significant risks the Group faces. The Board   • An annual budget process which is
and success of the Group. It was observed      has approved a set of policies, procedures         reviewed and approved by the Board;
that the Board exercised strong oversight      and frameworks for effective internal          • Regular meetings between the
and provided good support, input and           control. Through its governance channels           Executive team and senior regional
challenge as the Executive Directors           and reporting process, the Board ensures           teams to discuss actual performance;
have tackled a very busy agenda leading        maintenance of a sound system of internal      • Key financial and operational measures
the business integration projects.             control and risk management including:             and results are reported to the Board
                                                                                                  on a monthly basis;
                                               • Approving the Company/Group’s risk
                                                   appetite statements;                       • Targeted internal audit reviews which
                                                                                                  focus on confirming the operation of
                                               • Receiving reports on, and reviewing the
                                                   effectiveness of, the Group’s risk and         controls in key process areas; and,
                                                   control processes to support its
                                                   strategy and objectives;
                                                                         Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements         53




• Maintenance of insurance cover to
   insure all major risk areas of the Group
   based on the scale of the risk and
   availability of the cover in the external
   market.

This overall approach enables the Board
to form a robust assessment of the
principal risks and uncertainties that
might impact the company’s business
model, future performance, solvency and
liquidity. AVEVA’s principal risks map to
the Group’s strategic growth ambitions.

Principal risks are those risks considered
material to the development, performance,
position or future prospects of AVEVA.
The principal risks and uncertainties
the Group faces are set out on pages
26 to 30. The Board is supported in its
duties by the Audit Committee which is
responsible for ensuring the robustness
of risk management processes. This also
includes consideration of any substantial
changes to principal risks, such as new or      Conflicts of interest                           In addition to direct meetings with
emerging risks, material changes to control                                                     investors, the Board receives regular
                                                In accordance with the Companies
frameworks in place, changes in risk scores                                                     investor relations updates from the
                                                Act 2006 the Directors are required
and any significant risk incidents arising.                                                     CFO. These include details of market
                                                to report actual or potential
                                                conflicts of interest to the Board for          expectations around AVEVA’s financial
AVEVA’s culture plays an important part                                                         prospects, share register developments
                                                consideration and, if appropriate,
in risk management. The Board and ELT                                                           and feedback from shareholders. Investor
                                                authorisation, if such conflicts exist.
encourage a culture of transparency,                                                            views and any concerns are considered
integrity and doing the right thing, in which                                                   by the Board and, in particular, whether
                                                ENGAGEMENT
identifying risk is encouraged, and actions                                                     any action or response is appropriate.
are taken to ensure necessary controls or       Dialogue with institutional
resources are in place to manage risk and       shareholders                                    We respond to daily queries from
ensure business objectives are delivered        We maintained an active dialogue with           shareholders and analysts through our
efficiently. During the next year, the Board    our shareholders throughout the year            Investor Relations team. Our registrar,
will continue to support the ongoing            through a comprehensive programme of            Link Asset Services, is available daily to
improvements in risk management                 investor relations activities. Meetings and     answer shareholder queries in relation
including a more holistic oversight of          communications focused on providing             to technical aspects of their holdings.
our principal risks and the identification      updates on progress against strategy,           All our financial results presentations
and monitoring of key risk indicators.          clarifying understanding of the business        are available on our website.
                                                and an opportunity to listen to feedback.
Further detail on the work of the                                                               Constructive use of the Annual
Audit Committee and AVEVA’s                     We gave transparent information                 General Meeting
internal control and risk management            on the progress of the business by              The Annual Report and Accounts is the
can be found on page 58.                        webcasting our full year and first half         main tool for providing a comprehensive
                                                results presentations. In addition to this,     review of the business, details of our
Indemnities to Directors                        in September 2018, the Board held a             governance framework in action and
In accordance with the Company’s                Capital Markets Day attended by the             annual results. The Board encourages
Articles of Association, Directors are          Chairman and the SID, ensuring that the         shareholders to attend the Annual General
granted an indemnity from the Company           information provided at that event to           Meeting and is always willing to answer
to the extent permitted by law in respect       major shareholders and analysts was             questions, either in the meeting itself or,
of liabilities incurred as a result of the      also made available to all shareholders         more informally, afterwards. All Directors
performance of their duties in their            via the Company’s website.                      attend the AGM and are available to
capacity as Directors to the Company.                                                           answer questions during and after the
The indemnity would not provide any             Overall the Chairman, CEO, CFO and Head         meeting. The Company releases the results
coverage to the extent the Director             of Investor Relations conducted over 400        of voting including proxy votes on each
is proven to have acted fraudulently            meetings and calls with investors during        resolution the next business day through
or dishonestly. The Company has                 the course of the year, meeting investors       a regulatory news service and results
maintained Directors’ and Officers’ liability   in cities including London, Edinburgh,          can also be viewed on the Company’s
insurance cover throughout the year.            New York, San Francisco, Chicago,               website. Details of the 2019 AGM are set
                                                Frankfurt, Paris, Copenhagen and Milan.         out in the separate Notice of Meeting.
54   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOMINATION COMMITTEE REPORT

As we transform our business it is                                                     it would be valuable to appoint an
                                                                                       additional female independent Non-
                                                                                       Executive Director to the Board.
of vital importance that our Board                                                     The Committee reviewed search agencies

and Executive Leadership Team                                                          to assess the firm that best demonstrated
                                                                                       its understanding of the business and the
                                                                                       critical factors in identifying appropriate
have the right balance of diversity,                                                   candidates for the Non-Executive role.
                                                                                       Following this process, the Committee

skills, experience and knowledge                                                       recommended and the Board appointed
                                                                                       Spencer Stuart, an independent executive
                                                                                       search and leadership consulting firm
                                                                                       with no connection to AVEVA, to source
                                                                                       suitable candidates for consideration. The
                                                                                       Committee recommended Paula Dowdy
                                         The Committee’s primary                       for appointment to the Board and she
                                         responsibilities are as follows:              joined with effect from 1 February 2019.
                                         • To ensure and lead a formal, rigorous
                                            and transparent procedure for              The appointment gave the Committee the
                                            appointing new Directors to the Board      opportunity to review the membership
                                            and its Committees;                        of the Board committees and on
                                         • To ensure that the Board and its            15 March 2019 Paula was appointed
                                            Committees have the right balance of       to the Remuneration Committee,
                                            skills, market and sector knowledge,       and Ron Mobed was appointed to
                                            experience and diversity to discharge      the Nomination Committee.
                                            their duties effectively;
                                         • To continuously review succession           The Board recognises that its Executive
                                            plans for Directors and assist the Board   Directors may be invited to become
                                            with review of succession plans for        Non-Executive Directors of other
                                            senior executives;                         companies and exposure to such non-
 Philip Aiken
                                         • To review sufficiency of Non-Executive      executive duties can broaden experience
 Chairman of the Nomination
                                            Director time commitments; and             and knowledge, which would be of
 Committee
                                         • To recommend Directors for re-election      benefit to the Company. Any external
 29 May 2019
                                            by Shareholders.                           appointments are subject to prior Board
                                                                                       approval and retention of fees for such
 Independence split                      Membership and meetings                       appointments are considered on a case-
                                                                                       by-case basis when approval is sought.
                                         With Ron Mobed joining the Committee
                                         earlier this year, the Committee now
                                                                                       As part of its duties, the Committee
                                         has four members consisting of the
                                                                                       ensures that all newly appointed
                                         Chairman, two independent Non-
                                                                                       Non-Executive Directors receive a
                                         Executive Directors and one Schneider
                                                                                       formal letter of appointment setting
                                         Electric Non-Executive Director (as per
                                                                                       out clearly what is expected of Non-
                                         the terms of the Relationship Agreement).
                                                                                       Executive Directors in terms of time
     Chair 1                             The Committee holds a minimum of two
                                                                                       commitment, Committee service and
     Non-independent 1                   meetings per annum, and met three
                                                                                       involvement outside Board meetings.
     Independent 2                       times during the year under review. The
                                         Company Secretary is secretary to the
                                                                                       Succession planning
 Membership and attendance               Committee and attends all meetings.
                                                                                       Since the merger of AVEVA and SES,
 Chair                                   The meeting agendas include                   the Committee’s priority has been
                                         recurring standing items as well              appointment of the CEO, Schneider Electric
 Philip Aiken                     3/3
                                         as additional matters arising that            Non-Executive Directors and an additional
 Committee members                       require the Committee’s attention.            independent Non-Executive Director.
                                                                                       The Committee had taken a considered
 Ron Mobed                        0/0
 Chris Humphrey                   3/3    Key activities during the year                decision to be mindful of succession
 Peter Herweck                    3/3                                                  planning in the course of their work but
                                         Board and committee composition
                                                                                       to give the subject focused attention
 Attending by invitation                 The Committee spent a significant amount      once the new Board and Committee
                                         of time developing and implementing its       structure and ELT were securely in place.
 CEO
 Deputy CEO and CFO                      plan to find a new independent Non-
 Deputy CFO and Company Secretary        Executive Director. Prior to the 2018         The Committee will now continue
 Other members of the Board              AGM the Committee started a review of         to review Board and Committee
                                         the Board and Committee composition           composition to ensure that there is
                                         taking into consideration various factors     effective succession planning at Board
                                         including independence, diversity and         level. It will keep under review the
                                         the balance of knowledge, experience          length of service of Board members,
                                         and skills. The review identified that        together with a Board skills matrix.
                                                                       Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements      55




The Committee’s succession planning           Annual review
not only takes into consideration
the Company’s long-term needs
and natural evolution of the Board,
                                              As part of the annual Board and
                                              Committee evaluation, discussed in
                                                                                               Recruitment
                                                                                               of Paula
                                              the Corporate Governance Report on
but also short-term needs such as             page 52, the Committee assessed its
unforeseen departures and contingency         own performance and effectiveness.

                                                                                               Dowdy
for unexpected Board changes.                 The Committee members concluded
                                              that it operates effectively and that the
In cooperation with the Board, the            Committee would be strengthened by the
Committee will also be formulating            addition of Ron Mobed as a member.
succession plans for the ELT taking
into account the challenges and               In addition to its annual performance
opportunities facing the Company,             evaluation the Nomination Committee
and the skills and expertise needed           carried out a review of its Terms of
on the Board in the future.                   Reference during the period. The
                                              Committee is mindful that the incoming
Diversity                                     2018 version of the Code for reporting
The Board and the Nomination Committee        in 2020 expands its remit in relation to
recognise the importance of diversity         succession planning, and the requirement
and inclusion both in the boardroom           of securing a diverse succession pipeline.
and throughout the organisation and           The Committee has updated its Terms
understand that a diverse Board will offer    of Reference accordingly and will
wider perspectives which lead to better       address these issues in the coming year.         Before commencing the search for an
decision-making, enabling it to meet          These can be found in the Investors              independent Non-Executive Director,
its responsibilities. As part of this, the    section of the Company’s website.                the Committee met to consider the
Board’s diversity policy considers a broad                                                     desired skills, personal attributes
range of characteristics when considering     The Committee is responsible for                 and experience required for the
diversity including age, disability,          reviewing and implementing any feedback          role in the light of the future needs
social and educational background,            from the annual Board performance                and challenges of the business. In
as well as gender and ethnicity.              evaluation relating to Board composition.        addition, we discussed the recruitment
                                              This includes reviewing the time Non-            process and identified the criteria
During the year, the Committee considered     Executive Directors are required to give to      for selecting a search agency.
the external reviews on diversity,            their roles at AVEVA. The Committee has
namely the Hampton-Alexander and              consequently considered the time required        A list of potentially suitable candidates
Lord Davies Reviews. When recruiting,         from each Non-Executive Director, their          was presented for the Committee’s
we will continue to seek to address any       effectiveness and the experience brought         consideration from which the first-
diversity gaps on our Board. We currently     to the Board. We were satisfied that each        round candidates were identified for
have two female Board members out             Director continues to contribute the time,       interview. The Committee members
of nine which represents 22% female           as well as the focus, care and quality           were unanimous in their selection of
representation. Any future Board              of attention, to fulfilling their duties to      the shortlist based on the relevance
appointments, however, will continue to       the Company and its Shareholders.                of each individual’s skills, experience
be based on objective criteria to ensure                                                       and attributes to the criteria already
that the best individuals are appointed for   Based upon the evaluation of the Board,          identified. Each of these shortlisted
the role. The chart on page 47 illustrates    its Committees and the continued                 candidates were then invited to
the gender diversity of the Board.            effective performance of individual              spend time in the business with the
                                              Directors, the Committee recommended             Chairman, other Nomination Committee
The Board with the support of the             to the Board that all Directors stand            members and CEO to gain insight
Nomination Committee endeavours               for re-election at the Company’s                 into the business and to enable the
to foster a diverse workforce that            AGM and that Paula Dowdy stands                  candidate to assess what would be
matches our customers and delivers            for election in accordance with the              required of them over time in the role
our business goals and strategy. It is        Company’s Articles of Association.               as an independent Non-Executive
committed to supporting workforce                                                              Director. This was followed by a group
initiatives that promote a culture of         2019/20 priorities                               meeting with all other Directors.
inclusion and diversity. Improvements         The Committee will continue to
were seen at the Executive Committee          assess what enhancements should                  The Chairman then met with each of
level with female representation also         be made to Board and Committee                   the shortlisted candidates to discuss
rising with the appointment of Lisa           composition, succession planning at              their initial feedback and thoughts on
Johnston as Chief Marketing Officer.          Board and Executive level and will               the role and the business. The Board
Our CEO, Craig Hayman, has personally         continue to support the ELT’s work in            took references, and soundings from the
committed to the United Nation’s              developing a diverse workforce.                  Company’s advisers, before concluding
Women’s Empowerment Principles,                                                                that the broad operational and
a set of real-life business practices         An initial priority will be to develop           technology-related experience of Paula
to promote gender equality. For more          the Committee’s processes in order               Dowdy across multiple jurisdictions,
information on diversity initiatives across   to be compliant with the expanded                made her the ideal candidate.
AVEVA, please see pages 40 to 42.             responsibilities for Nomination
                                              Committees under the 2018 Code.
56    AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT

We are committed to ensuring the
integrity of the Group’s financial
reporting, audit process, key risk
management and internal control




                                          The Audit Committee is appointed              Committee membership and skills
                                          by the Board. The members are                 I was appointed Chairman of the Committee
                                          Christopher Humphrey (Chair),                 in November 2016. The Board believes I
                                          Jennifer Allerton and Ron Mobed. All          have the necessary recent and relevant
                                          the Committee members are regarded            financial experience as required by the UK
                                          by the Board as independent Non-              Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”), as
                                          Executive Directors. Committee                I am a Chartered Management Accountant
                                          meetings are also regularly                   and a Fellow of CIMA, and have previously
                                          attended by other Board members               held the role of Chief Executive Officer
                                          and relevant senior management                and previously Group Finance Director of
                                          at the invitation of the Chair, to            Anite plc, a UK-listed company, and prior to
 Christopher Humphrey                     provide company insight, advice               that senior positions in finance at Conoco,
 Audit Committee Chairman                 and reports to help the Committee             Eurotherm International plc and Critchley
 29 May 2019                              consider the Company’s approach               Group plc. I have maintained an up-to-date
                                          to its primary responsibilities. In           understanding of financial and corporate
                                          addition, the external audit partner          governance best practice by attending
 Independence split                       is invited to attend all meetings.            many training sessions and updates
                                                                                        presented by the major accounting firms.
                                          The Committee’s primary
                                          responsibilities are as follows:              The Board also considers that the
                                          • to monitor the financial integrity of the   other members of the Committee
                                             Group and its financial statements;        have a broad range of appropriate
                                          • to review the Group risk management         skills and strong experiences covering
                                             processes and internal controls; and       financial, commercial and operational
                                          • to monitor the robustness of the            matters. Brief biographical details
     Independent 3                           internal and external audit processes.     for all the members of the Committee
     Non-independent 0                                                                  are included on pages 46 and 47.

 Membership and attendance                                                              The Committee provides effective
                                                                                        governance over external financial
 Chair
                                                                                        reporting, risk management and internal
 Christopher Humphrey              4/4                                                  controls and reports its findings and
 Committee members                                                                      recommendations to the Board. In my
                                                                                        capacity as Chairman of the Audit
 Jennifer Allerton                 4/4                                                  Committee, I am pleased to report on the
 Ron Mobed                         4/4                                                  operations of the Committee during the
 Attending by invitation                                                                past year, with emphasis on the specific
                                                                                        matters we have considered, including
 Chairman
                                                                                        compliance with the Code and associated
 CEO
                                                                                        Guidance on Audit Committees. I confirm
 Deputy CEO and CFO
 Deputy CFO and                                                                         that we have fully complied with the
  Company Secretary                                                                     requirements of the Code as issued in
 Group General Counsel                                                                  April 2016 and that we are advanced
 Head of Internal Audit & Risk                                                          in our preparations for the 2018 code
 Other senior members of the                                                            which applies to accounting periods
  Group Finance team                                                                    beginning on or after 1 January 2019.
 External audit partner
                                                                                        The Committee usually meets four times
                                                                                        a year.
                                                                    Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements   57




                                              The following specific business was dealt with at each meeting during 2018/19:



                                                  June 2018            • Review of Committee objectives for 2018/19
                                                                       • Year-end reporting; including:
Audit Committee terms of reference                                       – Review of draft accounts
The role of the Committee is set out in its                              – Accounting judgments, tax review, going concern
terms of reference which are available on                                  & viability statement
                                                                         – External auditor’s reports
the company’s website at www.aveva.
com. The Committee monitors the integrity                              • Risk & Internal Controls; including:
                                                                         – Minimum internal controls programme
of the financial statements of the Group
                                                                         – Internal audit actions status
and the Committee members (as part                                       – Approach to risk management refresh, including
of the full Board) review all proposed                                     principal risks
regulatory announcements to be made
                                                                       • Private meeting between Committee and external
by the Group, with consideration given                                   auditors
to any significant financial reporting                                 • Private meeting between Committee and executive
judgements included or required.                                         management

The Committee considers the                       September 2018       • Review of Committee objectives for 2018/19
effectiveness of financial reporting                                   • Update on Finance Integration
and internal controls, compliance                                      • Treasury update
with legal requirements, accounting                                    • External auditor update
standards and the Listing, Disclosure                                  • Risk & Internal Controls; including:
and Transparency Rules of the Financial                                   – Review of proposed 2018/19 Internal Audit Plan
Conduct Authority. We also review any                                     – Internal audit update
proposed change in accounting policies                                    – Risk management update
and any recommendations from the                                          – IT Security update
Group’s auditor regarding improvements                                    – Whistleblowing process review and recommendations
to internal controls and the adequacy
of resources within the Group’s finance           November 2018        • Review of Committee objectives for 2018/19
function. The Committee also assesses                                  • Interim reporting; including:
                                                                         – Accounting update report from management
the process that has been established
                                                                         – Tax update
to ensure that the Annual Report is
                                                                         – Interim report from external auditors
fair, balanced and understandable,
                                                                         – Review of draft interim report
reporting to the Board on their findings.                                – External auditor planning
                                                                       • Risk & Internal Controls; including:
Committee activities in 2018/19                                          – Risk management update
I chaired four scheduled meetings of the                                 – Internal audit update
Committee in 2018/19, working closely                                  • Update on Finance Integration
with management to ensure that the                                     • Whistleblowing update
Committee is provided with the
comprehensive information and support             March 2019           • Review of Committee objectives for 2018/19 and
that it requires.                                                         proposed objectives for 2019/20
                                                                       • Review of Audit Committee Terms of Reference
Agendas include annual reporting                                       • Year-end planning
requirements, risk assurance processes                                 • Risk & Internal Controls; including:
                                                                         – Internal audit update
and other ad-hoc matters which may arise
                                                                         – Risk management update
and require robust review and challenge.
                                                                         – Review of proposed 2019/20 Internal Audit Plan
                                                                       • Treasury update
                                                                       • Tax update
                                                                       • Review of external auditor fees
58    AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED


     Audit Committee objectives for 2018/19
     The Audit Committee agreed several objectives at the start of the financial year.


      Objectives             Activity in the year                                   Progress

      Integration            The Combination of the AVEVA and SES created a         To understand and assess the risk of the enlarged
                             much larger Group and one with a different             Group, individual members of the Committee were
                             financial risk profile. The Committee sought to        briefed on the new elements of the enlarged
                             understand the integration process and specifically    business and have visited new key locations.
                             understand how this would change financial
                             processes and financial reporting as well as any
                             new financial risks faced by the Group – for
                             example, project delivery.

      Refresh                Given the merger of the heritage AVEVA business        Further detail on the progress of this objective is
      Enterprise Risk        with the heritage Schneider Electric Software          included on pages 26 to 27. Overall, good progress
      Management for         business, there was a need to review enterprise risk   has been made with the Committee overseeing the
      the enlarged           management processes throughout 2018/19 to             introduction of a new AVEVA risk governance
      Group                  ensure that they are effective in managing risk        structure that involves the Board, the Executive
                             within the enlarged organisation, that the new         Leadership Team, the Strategic Leadership Team,
                             Executive Leadership Team (ELT) is fully engaged       business units and business functions.
                             with risk and that the Board’s risk management
                             expectations are fully met.

      Development of         2018/19 saw the introduction of an in-house            The internal audit function has also led a Minimum
      in-house internal      internal audit function for the enlarged Group. The    Controls Project. This has involved building on
      audit function         Committee has been focused on directing and            existing defined minimum controls frameworks,
                             supporting this function and ensuring that it          establishing minimum required control objectives
                             provides an adequate level of coverage and             for the enlarged Group, executing a roll-out
                             assurance to meet the Committee’s needs. The           programme and designing a continual compliance
                             2018/19 Internal Audit Plan was successfully           assurance and consulting process to ensure an
                             achieved and included balanced geographical            effective internal control base across the Group.
                             coverage of the Group’s operations.

      R&D reporting          The Committee had requested improvements in the        The Committee has received updates from the R&D
                             reporting of progress and risk on key Product          function throughout the year and in addition a
                             Development projects. Reporting should include         detailed review was conducted on-site in Lake
                             metrics, profitability and roadmap progress.           Forest during March 2019. This update covered
                             Reporting covering the enlarged Group was to be        latest technology development and development
                             established and presented to the Committee.            techniques and strategies.
                                                                     Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements   59




Risk and internal controls                    Internal audit                                The audit fees paid to EY for the
The principal risks the Group faces are       The Company established an in-house           statutory audit were £0.9 million.
set out on pages 26 to 30. At least on an     internal audit function during 2018/19.       The Committee continues to keep
annual basis, the Committee considers         This has included the agreement and           under review the cost effectiveness
the Group risk register and related           successful execution of an annual internal    and quality of the audit service.
management controls. Throughout the           audit plan, providing the Committee with
process, the Board or the Committee:          an independent view on the strength           The Committee meets quarterly with
                                                                                            the auditor without any members
• considers whether areas should be           of internal controls. Where some audit
                                                                                            of the Executive Leadership Team
   looked at more closely through specific    reviews require specialist resource
   control reviews;                           or capacity then independent third            being present. I also meet with the
                                                                                            external auditor from time to time
• identifies areas where enhancement of       parties may be used. As a Committee,
                                                                                            away from the Company’s offices.
   internal controls is required; and         we believe this resourcing model
• agrees action plans to deliver the          provides the most effective approach.
                                                                                            Audit planning and main audit issues
   necessary or recommended
   enhancements.                              External audit                                At the November 2018 meeting of the
                                              Ernst & Young (EY) have been our auditor      Committee, the auditor presented its audit
The Committee has developed a                 since the financial year ended in March       plan for 2018/19. This included a summary
framework to gain assurance over              2003 and cannot therefore remain              of the proposed audit scopes for the
the system of internal financial and          our auditor beyond 2023. During the           year for each of the Group’s subsidiaries
operational controls. This comprises:         year, we complied with the Statutory          and a summary of what the auditor
• The annual Internal Audit Plan. The         Audit Services for Large Companies            considered to be the most significant
   Committee receives regular updates         Market Investigation (Mandatory Use of        financial reporting risks facing the Group
   from the internal audit function on the    Competitive Tender Processes and Audit        together with the auditor’s proposed audit
   outcomes of agreed reviews.                Committee Responsibilities) Order 2014.       approach to these significant risk areas.
• The use of qualified third parties to
   undertake specialist reviews in more       Audit partners are rotated every five years   FRC reviews
   technical areas. During 2018/19,           and a formal statement of independence        The Company was not subject to any FRC
   Deloitte performed cyber security          is received from the auditor each year.       reviews during 2018/19. Should this occur
   penetration testing over our business.     The Board and the Committee are               in future, we will advise shareholders
• An annual assessment by the                 satisfied that the independence and           in the subsequent Annual Report.
   Committee of the whole system of           objectivity of the auditor has been
   internal financial and operational         maintained. The current audit partner,        Committee objectives for 2019/20
   controls.                                  Marcus Butler, will complete his fourth       In March 2019, the Committee
                                              year with the Group this year.                considered the objectives for the
There is a formal whistle-blowing
                                                                                            year ahead and it was agreed the
policy which has been communicated            The Committee also advises the Board          following would be prioritised:
to employees. During 2018/19 this             on the auditor’s remuneration and
policy was reviewed and processes                                                           • Continued focus on integration
                                              discusses the nature, scope and results           progress;
strengthened given the increased              of the audit with the external auditor.
scale of the Group. This policy provides                                                    • Continued development of the internal
                                                                                                audit and risk management functions;
information on the process to follow if       In compliance with legislation on non-
any employee feels it is appropriate to                                                     • Focus on control around fixed priced
                                              audit services provided by the external           contracts;
make a disclosure. The Committee is           auditor, fees for non-audit work paid to
satisfied that the process is effective and                                                 • Overview of IT strategy and processes
                                              EY in the year were approximately £3k             (including new ERP system); and
reviews key issues which are reported.        and the Committee considered that the         • Annual updates on Tax and Treasury
                                              independence and objectivity of the EY            Strategies.
Key estimates and judgments                   audit would not be impaired by this work.
The Committee discusses with
management and the auditor the                The effectiveness of the external audit
approach that has been taken in assessing     process is dependent on appropriate
all key estimates. These include revenue      audit risk identification and a robust
recognition, provisions for impairment of     assessment of key estimates and
receivables, the valuation of retirement      judgements at the start of the audit cycle.
benefit obligations and the uncertainty       We challenge the auditor regarding their
of tax treatments in certain jurisdictions.   test of management’s assumptions each
Annually, the Committee considers the         audit cycle and also request feedback
going concern principle upon which the        from management on its assessment
financial statements are prepared and the     of auditor effectiveness. Overall, both
Group’s viability statement disclosures.      management and the Committee are
                                              satisfied at the quality and effectiveness
                                              of the external audit process.
60   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT

The Remuneration Committee has been
working hard this year to ensure that our
remuneration framework is aligned to
the strategic direction of the business
and reflects the global workforce and
markets in which we operate.


                                                       CONTENTS
                                                       Annual Statement
                                                       61 Letter from the Remuneration
                                                          Committee Chair

                                                       Remuneration at a Glance
                                                       62 A two-page summary of the amounts
                                                          paid in the last two years

                                                       Directors’ Remuneration Policy (Part A)
 Jennifer Allerton                                     64 Remuneration Policy
 Remuneration Committee Chair                          70 Remuneration outcomes in different
 29 May 2019                                               performance scenarios

                                                       Implementation Report (Part B)
                                                       72 Membership and attendance
                                                       73 Shareholding voting and engagement
                                                       74 Single figure of total remuneration
                                                       75 Performance and retention awards
                                                       76 Directors’ share interests
                                                       77 CEO single figure history
                                                       78 Relative importance of spend on pay
                                                       78 Remuneration of Non-Executive
                                                           Directors



 “I am pleased to introduce
         the Directors’
   Remuneration Report of
    the first complete year
         following the
   Combination, which has
   resulted in tremendous
      growth for AVEVA”
                                                                     Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements        61




Annual Statement
Dear Fellow Shareholder,

I am pleased to present my second             Board changes during the year                 The Committee has also reviewed the
Directors’ Remuneration Report in the         I am very pleased to welcome the              progress of the Human Resources
year following the merger with SES.           appointment of Paula Dowdy to the             integration workstream as countries
                                              Remuneration Committee. Paula                 exit Transitional Services Agreements
As a summary, this Report contains            brings a wealth of experience of the IT       (TSAs) with Schneider Electric. We are
the following sections:                       marketplace in the US and the UK. As          taking the opportunity to better align
• This Annual Statement                       we increased the Non-Executive Director       employment terms and conditions and
• The ‘at a glance’ section                   fee cap to encompass the enlarged             to review our positioning against the
• The Policy (Part A)                         Board last year, no further changes are       market. We will continue to review
• The Implementation Report (Part B)          required to allow for her appointment.        this over the next few months as we
                                                                                            complete the exit of the last TSAs.
Introduction                                  Other Committee activities during the
This has been a busy year for the
                                              year                                          I am also pleased that the Board continues
                                              Aside from our normal annual duties           its dialogue with employees. As well as
Remuneration Committee as we look to
                                              surrounding bonus target setting,             34 ‘Meet and Greet’ events undertaken
align the current Remuneration Policy
                                              agreeing the outcome of our Long              by the Executive Leadership Team
with the enlarged Group’s objectives
                                              Term Incentive Plan and who should            during the year, the Board held a Town
and greater geographic dispersion of the
                                              participate in the Group share option         Hall with employees in Lake Forest,
organisation. The Committee believes
                                              plan, the Committee undertook a number        California in March 2019. It also met a
the existing policy approved at last
                                              of additional activities including:           number of employees in smaller group
year’s Annual General Meeting is still
                                                                                            sessions. Phil Aiken and Chris Humphrey
appropriate and operating as intended.        • Reviewing the performance conditions        also undertook individual visits to Lake
As it received support of over 96% of our        for the outstanding Long-Term
                                                 Incentive Plans for heritage AVEVA         Forest earlier in the year. We believe
shareholders, we are not seeking to make
                                                 staff as some measures were no longer      this direct face-to-face discussion with
any changes this year. We acknowledge
                                                 meaningful to the enlarged business;       employees fits the culture of AVEVA best.
the 28% vote against the Performance
& Retention Award resolutions for James       • Reviewing and approving the new             Remuneration for 2019/20
Kidd and David Ward. These awards were           Executive Leadership Team
agreed by shareholders as part of the deal       remuneration, including shareholding       Salary increases are in line with the UK
with Schneider Electric and have been            guidelines; and                            workforce average. There are no proposed
successful in retaining both these critical   • Agreeing the Key Performance                changes to the structure or quantum of
employees through the integration period.        Indicators for the Performance and         bonuses or LTIPs for the forthcoming year.
                                                 Retention Award for James Kidd.
AVEVA has had a very strong                                                                 In conclusion
performance this year with demand for         The 2018 revisions to the UK Corporate        I hope you find the contents of this
industrial software continuing to grow as     Governance Code (the Code) become             report clear and support the approaches
companies invest further in digitalisation.   effective for the 2020 Annual Report          and amendments proposed.
We have made good progress with the           and Accounts. The Committee has
strategic initiatives shared in September     spent time reviewing the changes and          The Implementation Report contains
2018 at our Capital Markets Day.              their impact on the current policies,         full details of how the Policy was
Accordingly, the pay outcomes this year       procedures and levels of employee             implemented in 2018/19 together with
reflect this strong performance, with         engagement that the Committee has in          an outline of our intentions for 2019/20.
Executive bonuses paying out close            place. In general, the Company is well
to the stretch targets. The Committee         aligned with the Code and will be further     Finally, immediately prior to the Policy,
considers it appropriate that the relative    reviewing guidance as it develops.            overleaf, you will find a double page
payout of Executive Directors’ bonus                                                        spread, clearly describing remuneration
schemes is in line with those of the wider                                                  arrangements in 2018/19 and 2019/20.
workforce and pay out at the same rate.
                                                                                            Jennifer Allerton
As per last year’s Remuneration                                                             Remuneration Committee Chair
Report, Part A of this report lays out
the Remuneration Policy. Part B lays
out the Implementation Report and
contains details of how the Policy
was implemented in 2018/19 and an
outline of our intentions for 2019/20.
62                     AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




REMUNERATION AT A GLANCE

Key elements of the Directors’ Remuneration
Policy and payments made in accordance
with the policy are summarised below.

Key elements                                               Applies to                                     2018/19                                                    2019/20

                       Base salary                         Craig Hayman                                   £700k                                                      £718k


Fixed pay
                                                           James Kidd                                     £500k                                                      £513k
                       Pensions                            Both EDs                                                              10% of salary
                       Benefits                            Both EDs                                Car allowance, fuel allowance and £600 of flexible benefits
                                                           Applies to                                Paid in June 2018                                        Paid in June 2019

                       Performance period                  Both EDs                                      2017/18                                                 2018/19
                       Maximum opportunity                 Both EDs                                 125% of salary                                           125% of salary



Annual bonus
                       Opportunity applied                 Both EDs                                 125% of salary                                           125% of salary
                       KPIs                                Both EDs                               Discretionary Remuneration Committee assessment against
                                                                                                           individual strategic performance objectives
                       Payable                             Craig Hayman                       £48k (48% of maximum)                                   £857k (98% of maximum)
                                                           James Kidd                       £563k (100% of maximum)                                   £613k (98% of maximum)
                                                           Applies to                                   2018 award                                              2019 award

                       Performance period                  Both EDs                        1 April 2018 – 31 March 2021                            1 April 2019 – 31 March 2022
                       Maximum opportunity                 Craig Hayman                             250% of salary                                           250% of salary




Long-term incentives
                                                           James Kidd                               250% of salary                                           250% of salary
                       Opportunity applied                 Craig Hayman                             250% of salary                                           250% of salary
                                                           James Kidd                               175% of salary                                           175% of salary
                       Time horizon                        Both EDs                             3-year performance period, followed by a 2-year holding period.
                       Criteria                            Both EDs                                                             EPS growth 50%
                                                                                                                      Relative TSR performance 25%
                                                                                                                          Strategic objectives 25%
                                                           Applies to                               Current requirement                                  Position at 31 March 2019

                       Share ownership                     Craig Hayman                             200% of salary                                           200% of salary


Ownership
                       guidelines

                                                           James Kidd                               200% of salary                                           200% of salary




                                                                                                          2017/18                                                    2018/19

                                                                                                                                                   Using the                   Excluding effect of
                                                                                                Using the single figure table
                                                                                                                                               single figure table              buy-out awards

                       CEO pay compared
                       to UK employee pay
                                                           25th percentile
                                                                                                          13:1                                      87:1                           19:1
CEO ratios
                                                           50th percentile
                                                                                                          18:1                                     118:1                           26:1
                                                           75th percentile
                                                                                                          24:1                                     163:1                           36:1
1                 The CEO pay ratio for FY19 has been calculated by comparing the single figure of remuneration of the CEO to the 25th, 50th and 75th percentile UK employees. Remuneration
                  includes salary, benefits, pension, bonuses and share awards. All amounts are on a full time equivalent basis. The pay ratio for FY18 has been restated following the publication
                  of additional guidance. The CEO pay ratio increased in FY19 due to the partial vesting of one-off buy-out awards for the CEO.
                                                                                           Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements                                  63




Annual Incentive Scheme

Craig Hayman                                                                               James Kidd
% of salary                                                                                % of salary
0%            25%         50%             75%             100%           125%              0%        25%       50%          75%       100%          125%      150%           175%

Maximum                                                                                    Maximum


Outcome                                                                                    Outcome


£0k £100k     £200k   £300k    £400k   £500k     £600k   £700k   £800k     £900k           £0k £100k       £200k    £300k    £400k   £500k        £600k    £700k     £800k    £900k

  Total revenue           Adjusted proﬁt                 Personal objectives                   Total revenue               Adjusted proﬁt                 Personal objectives




Long-term Incentive Scheme

Craig Hayman – buy-out award vesting                                                       James Kidd – LTIP vesting
% of salary                                                                                % of salary
0%    100%     200%    300%     400%      500%     600%     700%      800%                 0%         50%           100%          150%            200%        250%            300%

Maximum                                                                                    Maximum


Outcome                                                                                    Outcome


£0k       £100k       £200k       £300k          £400k       £500k         £600k           £0k       £300k            £600k               £900k            £1,200k           £1,500k

  Retention               Performance                                                          EPS




Maximum total remuneration opportunity compared to actual remuneration received for the year ending March 2019


 Craig Hayman                 Opportunity                            Minimum                          On-target                               Maximum




                              Actual


 James Kidd                   Opportunity                        Minimum           On-target               Maximum




                              Actual

                                                             £0.0m       £0.5m     £1.0m          £1.5m            £2.0m          £2.5m           £3.0m         £3.5m           £4.0m
  Fixed       Bonus     LTIP
64   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED

Part A: The Directors’ Remuneration Policy
This report sets out the information required by Part 4 of Schedule 8 to the Large and Medium-Sized Companies and Groups (Accounts
and Reports) Regulations 2008 (as amended) (the “Regulations”). The report also satisfies the relevant requirements of the Listing Rules
of the Financial Conduct Authority, and describes how the Board has applied the principles and complied with the provisions relating to
Directors’ remuneration in the UK Corporate Governance Code.

The table below summarises the Committee’s policy on the remuneration of Executive Directors as approved by shareholders at the
Annual General Meeting on 11 July 2018, and which became binding immediately thereafter. It is currently intended that the policy will
remain valid until the 2021 Annual General Meeting.

The Remuneration Committee aims to ensure that: the Executive Directors are provided with appropriate incentives to align them with
the achievement of the Company’s long-term strategy and the future creation of shareholder value; enhanced performance is
encouraged; and, the Executive Directors are, in a fair and responsible manner, rewarded for their individual contributions to the success
of the Group. Excessive risk-taking is neither encouraged nor rewarded.

It also aims for a combination of fixed and variable payments, benefits and share-based awards that will achieve a balance in incentives
to deliver short and long-term goals. The Company’s policy is that a substantial proportion of remuneration of Executive Directors should
be performance-related and should be delivered in shares to create alignment with shareholders’ interests. Remuneration for Executive
Directors is set in the context of the economic environment in which the Group operates, the outcome of the wider pay review for all
Group employees as well as the financial performance of the Group. When determining remuneration arrangements, the Committee
takes into consideration relevant external considerations as well as the remuneration for employees of the Group generally.

Remuneration commitments made which were consistent with the approved Remuneration Policy in force at that time shall be honoured,
even if they would not otherwise be consistent with the policy prevailing when the commitment is fulfilled.


 Purpose and link to strategy   Operation                              Maximum opportunity                    Performance measures

 Base salary
 • Helps recruit and retain     • Base salary is normally              • In determining salary increases None
   employees.                     reviewed annually with                 the Committee generally
 • Reflects experience            changes effective from 1 April,        considers the factors outlined
   and role.                      although salaries may be               in the ‘operation’ column.
                                  reviewed more frequently or at       • Salary increases will normally
                                  different times of the year if the     be in line with the range of
                                  Committee determines this is           increases in the broader
                                  appropriate.                           workforce salary, although
                                • The Committee determines               higher increases can be made
                                  base salary taking into account        in certain circumstances, for
                                  factors including, but not             example:
                                  limited to:                            – an increase in the individual’s
                                  – The individual’s role,                  scope of responsibilities;
                                     experience and performance          – in the case of Executive
                                     in achieving financial and             Directors who are positioned
                                     non-financial goals within             on a lower initial salary while
                                     his areas of responsibility.           they gain experience in the
                                  – Salaries at other companies             role; or
                                     of a similar size and               – where the Committee
                                     complexity as well as global           considers that salary is
                                     technology peers.                      behind appropriate market
                                  – Remuneration of different               positioning for a company of
                                     groups of employees within             AVEVA’s size and complexity.
                                     the Company.                      • However, no salary increase
                                  – Total organisational salary          will be paid to an incumbent to
                                     budgets.                            the extent that this increases
                                • The Committee takes a phased           the salary beyond £900,000.
                                  approach to new salaries
                                  where appropriate.
                                • Paid in cash.
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements   65




Purpose and link to strategy   Operation                            Maximum opportunity                  Performance measures

Pensions
• Provides a competitive       • The CEO and CFO are                • 10% of base salary (pension        None
  retirement benefit in a        members of the AVEVA Group           contribution and/or cash
  way that is cost               Personal Pension Plan (a             alternative).
  effective to the               defined contribution scheme).
  Company.                     • The intention is that new
                                 appointments to the Board
                                 would also participate in the
                                 AVEVA Group Personal
                                 Pension Plan or receive an
                                 equivalent cash payment.
                                 However, if appropriate the
                                 Committee may determine that
                                 alternative arrangements for
                                 the provision of retirement
                                 benefit may apply. When
                                 determining pension
                                 arrangements for new
                                 appointments the Board will
                                 give regard to the cost of the
                                 arrangements, market practice
                                 and the pension arrangements
                                 received elsewhere in the
                                 Group.

Benefits
• Help recruit and retain      • The benefit policy is to provide • The cost of benefit provision        None
  employees.                     an appropriate level of benefit      will depend on the cost to the
• Provide a competitive          taking into account market           Company of providing
  range of valued                practice at other companies of       individual items and the
  benefits.                      similar size and complexity and      individual’s circumstances.
• Assist toward early            the level of benefits provided     • However, the addition of
  return to work in the          for other employees in the           further benefits to those
  event of illness or            Group.                               already provided (excluding
  injury.                      • In line with benefits provided       relocation/recruitment-related
                                 for other senior employees in        benefits and participation in
                                 the Group, Executive Directors       any all-employee share plan)
                                 currently receive a mobility         will not result in the aggregate
                                 allowance or company car, a          benefit provision for any
                                 fuel allowance and an annual         Executive Director increasing to
                                 allowance toward a range of          over £50,000.
                                 benefits.
                               • In the event that an Executive
                                 Director was required to
                                 re-locate to undertake their
                                 role, the Committee may
                                 provide additional benefits to
                                 reflect the relevant
                                 circumstances (on a one-off or
                                 ongoing basis).
                               • Benefits are reviewed by the
                                 Committee in the context of
                                 market practice from time to
                                 time and the Committee may
                                 introduce or remove particular
                                 benefits if it is considered
                                 appropriate to do so.
                               • If the Company were to operate
                                 an all-employee share plan in
                                 the future, Executive Directors
                                 would be entitled to participate
                                 in the plan on the same terms
                                 as other employees.
66    AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED

 Purpose and link to strategy          Operation                                     Maximum opportunity                           Performance measures

 Annual Incentive
 Scheme
 • Incentivises and                    • The Committee determines an                 • The maximum bonus                           • The performance measures
   rewards the                           individual’s maximum incentive                 opportunity is 125% of                       applied may be financial or
   achievement of annual                 opportunity taking into account                base salary.                                 non-financial and corporate,
   financial and strategic               the responsibilities of the role                                                            divisional or individual and in such
   business targets and                  and market practice at                                                                      proportions as the Committee
   delivery of personal                  comparable companies.                                                                       considers appropriate.
   objectives.                         • Performance targets are set by                                                            • Where a sliding scale of targets is
 • Deferred element                      the Committee on an annual                                                                  used, attaining the threshold level
   encourages long-term                  basis and ordinarily disclosed                                                              of performance for any measure
   shareholding, helps                   retrospectively.                                                                            will not typically produce a
   retention and                       • The Committee determines the                                                                pay-out of more than 20% of the
   discourages excessive                 level of bonus paid taking into                                                             maximum portion of overall
   risk-taking.                          account performance against                                                                 annual bonus attributable to that
                                         targets, the underlying                                                                     measure, with a sliding scale to
                                         performance of the business                                                                 full payout for maximum
                                         and Executive Directors’                                                                    performance. However, the
                                         performance during the year.                                                                annual bonus plan remains a
                                       • 40% of any bonus earned is                                                                  discretionary arrangement and
                                         deferred into shares under                                                                  the Committee retains a standard
                                         the Deferred Share Scheme1 ,                                                                power to apply its judgement to
                                         to which malus/clawback                                                                     adjust the outcome of the annual
                                         provisions apply2 .                                                                         bonus plan for any performance
                                                                                                                                     measure should it consider that
                                                                                                                                     to be appropriate (e.g. if the
                                                                                                                                     provisional bonus outturn does
                                                                                                                                     not in the Committee’s view
                                                                                                                                     reflect overall shareholder
                                                                                                                                     expectations).

 The AVEVA Group
 Long-Term Incentive
 Plan (the LTIP)
 • Establishes a                       • Awards vest based on                        • Awards over shares worth no                 • The Committee may set such
     motivational and                    performance over a period of                   more than 250% of salary may                 performance conditions on
     performance-                        three years and are subject to                 be made each year.                           awards as it considers
     orientated structure to             a subsequent two-year holding                                                               appropriate, whether financial or
     incentivise Directors to            period.                                                                                     non-financial and whether
     focus on the creation             • Awards under the LTIP may                                                                   corporate, divisional or individual.
     of shareholder value                be granted in the form of                                                                 • Performance periods may be over
     aligned with the longer             conditional awards or nominal                                                               such periods as the Committee
     term strategy for the               cost options or phantom                                                                     selects at grant, which will not
     Group.                              options which will be settled                                                               normally be less than, but may be
                                         in cash.                                                                                    longer than, three years.
                                       • Dividends can accrue on                                                                   • Where a sliding scale of targets is
                                         shares during the vesting                                                                   used, attaining the threshold level
                                         period.                                                                                     of performance for any measure
                                       • The Committee determines                                                                    will not typically produce a
                                         targets each year to ensure                                                                 vesting of more than 25% of the
                                         that targets are stretching and                                                             maximum portion of overall
                                         represent value creation for                                                                award attributable to that
                                         shareholders while remaining                                                                measure, with a sliding scale
                                         motivational for management.                                                                to full payout for maximum
                                       • The Committee shall determine                                                               performance.
                                         the extent to which the awards                                                            • The Committee may in its
                                         will vest based on performance                                                              judgement adjust the vesting
                                         against targets and taking into                                                             outturn should it consider that
                                         consideration the wider                                                                     to be appropriate (e.g. if the
                                         performance of the Group.                                                                   provisional vesting outturn does
                                       • Malus/clawback provisions                                                                   not in the Committee’s view
                                         apply2 .                                                                                    reflect overall shareholder
                                                                                                                                     experience).

Policy table footnotes
1 Deferred awards will normally deliver the shares to participants in three equal tranches, one in each of the three years following the year in which an award is granted.
    The Committee has discretion to determine an alternative vesting profile. Dividends can accrue on deferred shares during the deferral period.
2 Awards granted under the Deferred Share Scheme and, from 2012 onwards, under the LTIP, are subject to malus and clawback provisions. Those provisions may apply at the
    discretion of the Committee if accounts are corrected or published that indicate the relevant performance was materially worse than in the accounts used to assess vesting.
    Other elements of remuneration are not subject to malus or clawback.
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements       67




Stating maximum amounts for the Remuneration Policy
The DRR Regulations and related investor guidance encourages companies to disclose a cap within which each element of the Directors’
Remuneration Policy will operate. Where maximum amounts for elements of remuneration have been set within the Directors’
Remuneration Policy, these will operate simply as caps and are not indicative of any aspiration.

Travel and hospitality
While the Committee does not consider it to form part of benefits in the normal usage of that term, it has been advised that corporate
hospitality, whether paid for by the Company or another, and business travel for Directors and in exceptional circumstances their families
may technically come within the applicable rules and so the Committee expressly reserves the right for the Committee to authorise such
activities within its agreed policies.

Committee discretion
The Committee reserves the right to make any remuneration payments and payments for loss of office (including the exercise of any
discretions available to it in connection with such payments) notwithstanding that they are not in line with the Policy set out above
where the terms of the payment were agreed (i) before the Policy came into effect or (ii) at a time when the relevant individual was not a
Director of the Company and, in the opinion of the Committee, the payment was not in consideration for the individual becoming a
Director of the Company. For these purposes ‘payments’ include the Committee satisfying awards of variable remuneration and an
award over shares is ‘agreed’ at the time the award is granted.

The Committee may operate the LTIP, the annual bonus and the Deferred Share Scheme in accordance with their terms. This includes:
• The selection of participants;
• The timing of grant of an award/bonus opportunity;
• The size of an award/bonus opportunity subject to the maximum limits set out in the policy table;
• The determination of performance against targets and resultant vesting/bonus pay-outs;
• Discretion required when dealing with a change of control or restructuring of the group;
• Determination of the treatment of leavers based on the rules of the plan and the appropriate treatment chosen;
• Adjustments required in certain circumstances (e.g. rights issues, corporate restructuring events and special dividends); and
• The annual review of performance measures, weightings and targets from year to year.
In addition, while performance measures and targets used in the annual bonus plan and LTIP will generally remain unaltered, if events
occur which, in the Committee’s opinion, would make a different or amended target a fairer measure of performance, the Committee can
make such amendments to the targets as it considers appropriate.

Any use of these discretions would, where relevant, be explained in the Directors’ Remuneration Report and may, where appropriate and
practicable, be the subject of consultation with the Company’s major shareholders. In addition, for the avoidance of doubt, in approving
this policy report, authority is given to the Company to honour any commitments entered into with current or former Directors prior to the
adoption of this policy. The Committee may also make minor amendments to the policy set out above (for regulatory, exchange control,
tax or administrative purposes or to take account of a change in legislation) without obtaining shareholder approval for that amendment.

Remuneration arrangements throughout the Group
Throughout the Group, remuneration is determined based on the same principles: that remuneration arrangements should be
appropriate for the role without paying more than is necessary and that pay should be structured to incentivise individuals to deliver the
objectives of their role. AVEVA employs over 4,500 employees in over 150 locations with roles ranging from administrators to technical
specialists and sales staff. The structure and level of reward therefore differs from role to role depending on skills, experience, level of
seniority and market practice for the role. AVEVA’s sales employees participate in commission plans that are designed to encourage the
growth objectives of the Group. More senior employees have annual bonus plans, with the Executive Leadership Team receiving a
portion of bonus in shares which is deferred for up to three years. Senior employees within the Company participate in the LTIP and a
Restricted Share Plan.

Selection of performance measures
The Committee’s guiding principle is that remuneration arrangements that operate throughout the Group should support the delivery of
our long-term business strategy and therefore the creation of shareholder value. Our key long-term strategic priority is to deliver strong
but sustainable revenue and profit growth to support the delivery of this strategic priority. The metrics used in our annual bonus
arrangements and LTIP are chosen with this in mind, with the payment of bonuses and the vesting of long-term incentives subject to
stretching targets established by the Committee at the beginning of each performance period. These targets are set taking account of
internal forecasts of performance over the performance period, the markets in which the Group operates, our long-term growth
ambitions and the expectations of the investment community on the Group’s future potential performance.
68     AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED

Remuneration Policy for new hires
When determining the remuneration package for a newly appointed Executive Director, the Committee would seek to apply the following
principles:
• The package should be market competitive to facilitate the recruitment of an individual of sufficient calibre to lead the business. At the
   same time, the Committee would intend to pay no more than it believes is necessary to secure the required talent.
• The structure of the on-going remuneration package would normally include the components set out in the policy table for Executive
   Directors.
• Where an individual forfeits outstanding variable pay opportunities or contractual rights as a result of their appointment, the
   Committee may offer compensatory payments or awards, in such form as the Committee considers appropriate taking into account
   relevant factors, which may include the form of awards, expected value and vesting timeframe of forfeited opportunities. When
   determining such ‘buy-outs’ the guiding principle would be that awards would generally be on a ‘like for like’ basis to those forfeited
   unless not considered appropriate.
• To facilitate awards outlined above, in the event of recruitment, the Committee may grant awards to a new Executive Director in
   accordance with Listing Rule 9.4.2. This provision permits the granting of awards to facilitate, in unusual circumstances, the
   recruitment of an Executive Director, without seeking prior shareholder approval.
• The maximum level of variable remuneration which may be awarded (excluding any “buy-out” awards) is in accordance with limits on
   the Company’s incentive plans as set out in the policy table.
• Where an Executive Director is required to relocate to take-up their role the Committee may provide reasonable assistance with
   relocation (either via one-off or on-going payments or benefits) taking into account the individual’s circumstances and prevailing
   market practice.
• In the event that an internal candidate is promoted to the Board, legacy terms and conditions would normally be honoured, including
   pension entitlements and any outstanding incentive awards.

Executive Director service contracts and policy on payment for loss of office
When determining leaving arrangements for an Executive Director the Committee takes into account any contractual agreements
including the provisions of any incentive arrangements, typical market practice and the performance and conduct of the individual.

The service contracts for current and non-current Executive Directors include the following terms:

Name                               Date of Contract                   Date of Appointment                Continuous Service Date

Current Executive Directors
Craig Hayman                       19 February 2018                   19 February 2018                   19 February 2018
James Kidd                         17 February 2017                   1 January 2017                     5 January 2004

The service agreements are available to shareholders to view on request from the Company Secretary.
                                                                       Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements         69




 Notice Period          The CEO’s service contract can be terminated by the Company or the Executive Director on nine months’ notice.
                        The CFO’s service contract can be terminated by the Company or the Executive Director on nine months’ notice.
                        The service agreements provide for a period of garden leave. The Committee will determine the appropriate
                        notice period for any new Director taking into account the circumstances of the individual and market practice.
                        Any notice period will normally be no longer than 12 months. The Committee reserves the right to provide a
                        longer initial notice period of up to 24 months reducing to 12 months over the first 12 months of employment if it
                        considers this to be appropriate.

 Payment in lieu        In the event of termination of contract without notice, the Executive Director shall be entitled to a payment in
 of notice              respect of salary for the period of notice. Such payment will normally be made in instalments and subject to
                        mitigation but the Committee shall have discretion to make a single payment if this is considered appropriate.

 Annual Bonus           The Executive Director may, at the discretion of the Committee, remain eligible to receive an annual bonus for the
                        financial year in which they ceased employment. Such Annual Bonus award will be determined by the
                        Committee taking into account the circumstances for leaving, time in employment and performance.

 Deferred Share         Death: In the event of a participant’s death unvested awards shall vest. Where awards are in the form of options
 Scheme                 they may be exercised for a period of up to 12 months from death.

                        Good leavers: At the discretion of the Committee, leaving by reason of injury, disability, redundancy, the
                        Company for which the participant works leaving the Group or any other reasons determined by the Committee.
                        Awards shall continue in full and vest on the originally anticipated vesting dates. Alternatively, the Committee
                        may determine that awards should vest when the participant ceases employment. Awards in the form of options
                        may be exercised in accordance with the rules of the scheme.

                        Leavers in other circumstances: Awards will normally lapse.

 Long Term              Good leavers: At the discretion of the Committee, leaving as a result of death, injury, disability, redundancy,
 Incentive Plan         retirement, the Company for which the participant works leaving the Group or any other reason. Unvested awards
                        shall continue in existence for the remainder of the performance period. At the end of the performance period, the
                        awards may be permitted to vest to the extent determined in accordance with the applicable performance
                        conditions and, unless the Committee determines otherwise, then reduced to reflect the period that elapsed from
                        the start of the performance period to the date of cessation as a proportion of the performance period.

                        Leavers in other circumstances: Awards will normally lapse. Vested but unexercised options held by
                        participants who leave employment other than due to gross misconduct may be exercised for a period following
                        cessation of employment.

 Other payments         An Executive Director who joined the Company before January 2008 and who is made redundant, may receive,
                        in addition to a payment in lieu of notice, any statutory redundancy payment and any other payment to which he
                        is entitled, a payment under the Company’s enhanced redundancy policy. This policy applies to all employees
                        who joined the Company before January 2008. Under the policy, an eligible person will receive a payment
                        calculated by reference to their length of service and weekly pay (by reference to gross annual salary) as follows:
                        – 7 weeks’ pay for service of up to 6 years; plus
                        – 1.5 weeks’ pay for each completed year of service over 7 years up to 20 years; plus
                        – 2 weeks’ pay for each completed year of service over 20 years.

                        Under the Company’s enhanced redundancy policy, eligible participants, including Executive Directors, may also
                        receive a payment in lieu of a 90 day redundancy consultation period. In the event of termination of an Executive
                        Director’s employment, a payment may be made in lieu of any accrued but untaken holiday. The Remuneration
                        Committee would be responsible for considering the circumstances of the early termination of an Executive
                        Director’s contract and determining whether in exceptional circumstances there should be compensation
                        payments in excess of the Company’s contractual obligations.


The Company has the power to enter into settlement agreements with Directors and to pay compensation to settle potential legal claims.
In addition, and consistent with market practice, in the event of the termination of an Executive Director, the Company may make a
contribution towards that individual’s legal fees and fees for outplacement services as part of a negotiated settlement. Any such fees will
be disclosed as part of the detail of termination arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, the policy does not include an explicit cap on
the cost of termination payments.
70      AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED

Change of control
In the event of a change of control or a voluntary winding-up of the Company and ultimately at the discretion of the Remuneration
Committee:
1. Unvested awards under the Deferred Share Scheme will vest in full at the time of change of control.
2. Unvested awards granted under the 2014 LTIP rules will vest having regard to the extent to which performance conditions have been
    met and unless the Committee determines otherwise, the proportion of the performance period that has elapsed at the date of the
    change of control or winding-up.

Employee context
When setting Executive Directors’ pay, the Committee considers the remuneration arrangement of other senior managers and
employees in the Group more generally to ensure that Executive remuneration arrangements are appropriate in this context. AVEVA
undertakes an annual salary review in April each year and uses this opportunity to reward strong performance and ensure salaries are in
line with market rates. It manages this in a competitive environment particularly in the fast-growing economic areas. When determining
salary increases for Executive Directors the Committee considers the outcome of the wider pay review for the Group. The Committee
does not consult directly with employees regarding Executive Directors’ remuneration. However, at regular intervals the Company
conducts a survey of the views of employees in respect of their experience of working at AVEVA including their own reward.

Dialogue with shareholders
The views of our shareholders on remuneration matters are important to the Committee and prior to making any material changes to
remuneration arrangements the Committee consults with major shareholders and their representative bodies to obtain their views. The
Company remains committed to engaging with shareholders in relation to remuneration issues.

External appointments
The Company’s policy is that accepting Non-Executive appointments with other companies enhances the experience of Executive
Directors and therefore they are entitled to accept appointments outside of the Company provided that Board approval is sought prior to
accepting the appointment. Whether or not the Director concerned is permitted to retain their fees is considered on a case-by-case basis.

Remuneration outcomes in different performance scenarios
The remuneration package at AVEVA is structured so that the package rewards performance over both the short and long term to
ensure that reward is aligned with shareholder value creation.

The charts below show hypothetical values of the remuneration package for Executive Directors under three assumed performance
scenarios:
                                                                                                                              Awards as a % of salary
                                                                                                                                    CEO   Deputy CEO and CFO

Maximum performance                      Annual bonus scheme (full pay-out)                                                     125%                    125%
                                         Long-term incentive plan (LTIP) (maximum vesting)                                      250%                    175%
                                         Total                                                                                  375%                    300%
On-target performance                    Annual bonus scheme (50% pay-out)                                                     62.5%                 62.5%
                                         Long-term incentive plan (25% vesting)                                                62.5%                 43.8%
                                         Total                                                                                125.0%                106.3%
Minimum performance                      Annual bonus scheme (nil pay-out)                                                         0%                    0%
                                         Long-term incentive plan (nil vesting)                                                    0%                    0%
                                         Total                                                                                     0%                    0%

No share price growth has been assumed. Potential benefits under all employee share schemes and dividend equivalents have not been
included.

Craig Hayman                                                                      James Kidd
         23%            26%                  51%                                          28%     30%           42%
  Maximum performance                                                               Maximum performance
         48%      26%         26%                                                         51%   29% 20%
     On-target performance                                                          On-target performance
        100%                                                                           100%
     Minimum performance                                                            Minimum performance
£0.0m             £1.0m              £2.0m           £3.0m        £4.0m           £0.0m            £1.0m              £2.0m           £3.0m              £4.0m

  Fixed pay               Annual bonus             LTIP                             Fixed pay              Annual bonus            LTIP
                                                                       Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements                   71




Remuneration Policy for Non-Executive Directors
 Approach to setting fees                      Basis of fees                                       Other items


 • Fees for the Chairman and the Non-          • Basic fees are subject to the aggregate           • Non-Executive Directors do not receive
   Executive Directors are determined            limit in the Company’s Articles of                  incentive pay or share awards.
   taking account of the individual’s            Association. Any changes in this limit            • Non-Executive Directors do not currently
   responsibilities, the expected time           would be subject to shareholder                     receive any benefits nor pension
   commitment for the role and prevalent         approval.                                           arrangements. Benefits may be provided
   market rates.                               • Non-Executive Directors are paid a basic            in the future if, in the view of the Board
 • The Board is responsible for setting fees     fee for membership of the Board with                (or, in the case of the Chairman, the
   for the Non-Executive Directors with the      additional fees being paid to Non-                  Committee), this was considered
   Remuneration Committee being                  Executive Directors who hold the position           appropriate.
   responsible for setting fees for the          of Committee Chairman to take into                • Travel and other reasonable expenses
   Chairman.                                     account the additional responsibilities             (including fees incurred in obtaining
 • Fees are reviewed at appropriate              and workload. Additional fees may also              professional advice in the furtherance of
   intervals, usually on an annual basis.        be paid for other Board responsibilities or         their duties) are reimbursed to Non-
                                                 roles if this is considered appropriate.            Executive Directors (including any
                                               • The Chairman receives an all-inclusive              associated tax liability).
                                                 fee for the role.
                                               • Fees are paid in cash.

The Non-Executive Directors have appointment letters, the terms of which recognise that their appointments are subject to the
Company’s Articles of Association and their services are at the direction of the shareholders.

The letters of appointment for Non-Executive Directors include the following terms:

                                                                                                                    Expiry/review date    Notice period
Name                                             Date of appointment            Date of contract                    of current contract        months

Philip Aiken                                         1 May 2012                 1 May 2018                         30 April 2021                     3
Jennifer Allerton                                     9 July 2013               1 July 2016                         30 June 2019                     3
Christopher Humphrey                                  8 July 2016             27 June 2016                            7 July 2019                    3
Ron Mobed                                         1 March 2017                1 March 2017                  29 February 2020                         3
Emmanuel Babeau                                   1 March 2018                1 March 2018                  28 February 2021                         3
Peter Herweck                                     1 March 2018                1 March 2018                  28 February 2021                         3
Paula Dowdy                                    1 February 2019             1 February 2019                       31 January 2022                     3

All Non-Executive Directors submit themselves for election at the Annual General Meeting following their appointment and subsequent
intervals of no more than three years.

There are no predetermined special provisions for Non-Executive Directors with regard to compensation in the event of loss of office.
Non-Executive Directors are not entitled to any payments in lieu of notice.

The letters of appointment are available for shareholders to view from the Company Secretary upon request.
72    AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED

Part B: The Implementation Report




                                          The Remuneration Committee
                                          The Remuneration Committee is appointed by the Board. The current members are
                                          Jennifer Allerton (Chair), Ron Mobed, Emmanuel Babeau and Paula Dowdy. Paula was
                                          appointed to the Remuneration Committee on 15 March 2019. All the Committee
                                          members except for Emmanuel are regarded by the Board as independent Non-Executive
                                          Directors. Jennifer has been a member of the Remuneration Committee since 2013 and
                                          became Chair in July 2017. Committee meetings are also regularly attended by the CEO,
                                          CFO and Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) at the invitation of the Chair, to provide
                                          company insight and advice to help the Committee consider appropriate remuneration.
                                          No Committee member or invited attendee is present during the discussion of their own
                                          remuneration.
 Jennifer Allerton
 Remuneration Committee Chair
                                          The role of the Committee is set out in its terms of reference which are available on the
 29 May 2019
                                          company’s website at www.aveva.com. The Committee’s primary responsibility is to
                                          determine the remuneration package of both the Company’s Executive Directors and its
                                          senior management team within broad policies agreed with the Board. The Committee
 Independence split                       also has begun oversight of our employee engagement activities and overall Human
                                          Resources strategy which affects all AVEVA employees.

                                          The Principles of our Remuneration Policy
                                          A significant part of the total reward is related to share price performance and is paid in
                                          shares that must be retained until the minimum shareholding requirements have been
                                          met. This ensures that our Executive Directors’ interests are aligned with those of other
                                          shareholders.
     Independent 3
                                          A considerable part of the total reward is determined by the Company’s success over both
     Non-independent 1
                                          the short and the long term. Failure to achieve threshold levels of performance results in
 Membership and attendance                no payout for these elements.

 Chair                                    Advice and auditors
 Jennifer Allerton                 6/6    FIT Remuneration Consultants are the appointed advisors to the Committee. They provide
                                          independent advice on comparator information and general remuneration. Fees are
 Committee members                        charged on a time spent basis and the fees paid during the year to FIT in relation to the
 Ron Mobed                         6/6    advice provided to the Committee were £39,685 (2018 – £107,312). FIT provide no other
 Paula Dowdy1                      0/0    services to the Company and the Committee are content that their advice is objective and
 Emmanuel Babeau                   6/6    independent.
 Attending by invitation
                                          The auditors have reported on certain sections of Part B and stated whether, in their
 CEO                                      opinion, those parts have been properly prepared in accordance with the Companies Act
 CFO                                      2006. Those sections of Part B which have been subject to audit are clearly indicated.
 CHRO

 1   Appointed 15 March 2019
                                                                       Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements             73




Shareholder voting and engagement
The table below shows the results of the most recent votes on the Policy (July 2018) and Implementation Report (July 2018).

                                                                        Votes for   Percentage       Votes against    Percentage   Votes withheld

Directors Remuneration Policy – AGM 2018                         140,852,022          96.31         5,402,475             3.69     2,247,992
Directors Remuneration Report – AGM 2018                         138,488,418          93.26         10,013,771            6.74             300

Implementation of policy for the year ended March 2019 and for the forthcoming year ended March 2020
Base salary
Craig Hayman joined AVEVA as CEO on 19 February 2018 with a salary of £700,000 and his salary remained unchanged for 2018/19.
James Kidd’s salary was £500,000 for 2018/19. Salaries for Craig and James were increased in line with the UK workforce average on
1 April for 2019/20.

Base salary with effect from                                                         Craig Hayman        Increase     James Kidd         Increase

1 April 2018                                                                         £700,000                        £500,000
1 April 2019                                                                         £718,200              2.6%      £513,000             2.6%

Benefits
In 2018/19, Executive Directors were provided with a car and fuel allowance totalling £19,200, and a £600 annual allowance towards a
range of flexible benefits. There is no proposed change to either the benefits structure or quantum for 2019/20.

Pension
Craig Hayman and James Kidd are members of the AVEVA Group Personal Pension Plan (a defined contribution scheme). Both Directors
receive a cash in lieu allowance equivalent to 10% of salary, reduced for the effect of employers’ National Insurance contributions. As we
look to integrate the terms and conditions of SES and AVEVA, it is the intention that any changes to Executive pension benefits would be
aligned to those of all other employees.

Annual Incentive Scheme
For 2018/19, the maximum opportunity for Executive Directors under the annual incentive was 125% of base salary, requiring a stretch
level of performance for full payout.

The performance targets were based on
(1) Group adjusted profit before tax (PBT) targets, with a maximum weighting of 50% of salary,
(2) recurring revenue, with a maximum weighting of 50% of salary, and
(3) key performance objectives, with a maximum of 25% of salary available. The key individual performance objectives are agreed with
    the Remuneration Committee at the start of each financial year, although this element will be capped at a maximum achievement of
    12.5% of salary should the Group adjusted PBT target not be met.

The performance targets for 2019/20 are based on
(1) Group adjusted PBT targets, with a weighting of 50% of salary,
(2) Total Group revenue, with a weighting of 50% of salary, and
(3) Key performance objectives, with a weighting of 25% of salary. As before, this element will be capped at a maximum achievement of
    half the available amount should the Group adjusted PBT target not be met.

The Board believes that, given the annual incentive scheme rewards the achievement of the Group’s annual business plan, the targets
are market sensitive and therefore should not be disclosed in advance, but ordinarily disclosed retrospectively.

40% of any award made under the Annual Incentive Scheme, irrespective of the amount, is payable in deferred shares as per the policy,
and is subject to a three-year vesting period, but with no further performance conditions. There is no proposed change to the annual
incentive scheme overall structure or quantum for 2019/20.
74       AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED

Long-Term Incentives
The structure of the LTIs issued in 2018 and intended to be issued in 2019 are as summarised below:

LTIP performance element             Weighting     Minimum performance                          Mid performance                          Maximum performance

EPS growth                           50%           25% vesting for growth of 5%                 80% vesting for growth of 10%            100% vesting for growth of 15%
Relative TSR performance 25%                       25% vesting at median                        Linear vesting between min and           100% vesting if in the upper
                                                   performance (50th percentile)                max performance                          quartile (25th percentile)
Strategic objectives                 25%           25% vesting at threshold                     Linear vesting between min and           100% vesting at maximum
                                                                                                max performance

As outlined in last year’s report, the relative TSR performance condition was reviewed to provide a better alignment with technology
companies and to better reflect the global scale of the company. It was agreed to update the TSR comparator Group to one combining
the FTSE 350 Technology Sector and the S&P Mid Cap 400 Software companies for the 2018 award. This resulted in a group of 23
companies, 14 of which are based in the UK, and 9 of which in the USA. Of the TSR element, 25% of this element will vest at median,
with 100% vesting at the upper quartile.

The strategic objectives will be a sliding scale of revenue growth targets, and link directly to the Company’s strategic objectives, which
can be found on pages 22 to 23. 25% of this element (for each revenue target) will vest at threshold levels of performance, with full
vesting at maximum achievement.

Due to commercial sensitivity, the Committee does not believe it to be in shareholders’ interests to prospectively disclose details of the
revenue growth targets. However, they will be objectively measurable over a three-year period, significant outperformance will be
required to deliver full vesting, the targets will be disclosed retrospectively following vesting, and vesting will only occur if the Committee
is satisfied that the Company’s underlying financial performance warrants such payment.

Single total figure of remuneration for Executive Directors (audited)
The following table sets out the single figure of total remuneration for Executive Directors for the 2018/19 and 2017/18 financial years.

                                                                   Salary           Benefits            Pension    Annual bonus        LTIPs    One-off awards             Total
                                                                   £’000              £’000               £’000           £’000        £’000             £’000            £’000

Craig Hayman 2018/19                                                700                    20                 60          857              –          5,7081            7,345
Craig Hayman 2017/18 (from 19 Feb 2018)                                  80                 2                  7             48            –                –             137
James Kidd 2018/19                                                  500                    20                 43          613         1,347              5502           3,073
James Kidd 2017/18                                                  450                    20                 39          562              –                –           1,071
David Ward 2018/19                                                        –                 –                  –              –            –                –                 –
David Ward 2017/18 (until 19 Feb 2018)                              266                    18                 27          332              –                –             643

1    These are the value of Craig’s buy-out awards. 176,927 options vested, and have been valued using the year end share price of 3,226p.
2    These are the value of James’ performance and retention awards (see page 75), calculated as £250k for the retention element and £300k for the performance element.


Annual incentive
This reflects the total annual incentive paid and payable in June 2019 based on performance in the year ended 31 March 2019. This
includes both the cash element of the bonus and the portion deferred into shares under the deferred share scheme.

                                                     Thresholds (Min),                                                Craig Hayman                        James Kidd
                                                     Budget (Mid) and                              % of Max
Metric                                                  Targets (Max)             Actual           achieved            Max             Actual             Max             Actual

Group revenue (pro forma)                          Min: £700.0m               £775.2m              100%              50%               50%              50%               50%
                                                   Mid: £728.0m
                                                  Max: £742.0m
Group adjusted PBT                                 Min: £164.0m               £184.5m              100%              50%               50%              50%               50%
                                                   Mid: £172.6m
                                                  Max: £179.6m
Strategic objectives                                    see below             see below              90%             25%             22.5%              25%            22.5%
Totals as a percentage of salary                                                                                    125%             122.5%           125%             122.5%
Bonus receivable                                                                                                                  £857,500                         £612,500
Granted in cash (60%)                                                                                                             £514,500                         £367,500
Granted in shares (40%)                                                                                                           £343,000                         £245,000

The strategic objectives were based on furthering our financial KPIs. Whilst the revenue elements were very strong, the Committee
determined that the increase in costs was beyond the objective of inflationary growth, and awarded performance at 90% achievement.
                                                                                            Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements                          75




Long-term incentives
This includes the LTIP awards granted under the Long-Term Incentive Plan in 2016 that were capable of vesting based on performance
in the three-year period ended 31 March 2019.

These awards were subject to the delivery of diluted adjusted EPS growth. 0% of awards vest for growth of less than 5% p.a., 100% of
awards vest for growth of 15% p.a., and straight-line vesting applies between these two points. Average diluted adjusted EPS growth
for the three-year performance period was 13.7% and therefore 89.9% of the LTIP awards vested for the period relating to 2018/19.

Other information in relation to 2018/19
Scheme interests awarded in the year (audited)
The following tables set out details of the LTIP 2014 and deferred share awards made to the Executive Directors during 2018/19:

Executive Director                                                      Date of grant                 Basis of Award                Face Value of Awards1       Performance Period

Craig Hayman                                                            28 September 2018             250% of base salary                    £1,750,000         1 April 2018 –
James Kidd                                                              28 September 2018             175% of base salary                     £875,000         31 March 2021

1   To determine the number of shares over which these awards were made, a share price was used of 2,928p for Craig and James’ September 2018 grant, being the average share
    price for the three days prior to the award.


Deferred Share Awards
Executive Director            Date of grant          Basis of Award                            Face Value of Awards2    Performance Period

Craig Hayman                  5 July 2018                                                             £19,344           No performance period. Awards vest in equal
                                                     Deferred element of 2017/18                                        tranches on the date of announcement in May
                                                     annual incentive                                                   2019, May 2020 and May 2021.
James Kidd                    5 July 2018                                                            £227,247

2   This is calculated as the number of deferred shares issued, multiplied by the closing share price the day before the preliminary announcement last year (13 June 2018) of 2,532p.


Performance and Retention Awards (PRAs)
A one-off performance and retention award has been put in place for James Kidd as approved by shareholders at the 2018 AGM. The
gross initial grant value is £1,500,000. The award is divided into two equal parts: (i) the retention award is subject to continued
employment within AVEVA Group, as well as the satisfaction of a performance underpin; and (ii) the performance award is subject to the
same conditions as the retention award and in addition, further subject to satisfaction of stretching and challenging business and
integration-related targets and objectives.

Subject to the extent to which these performance targets and objectives are satisfied, the portion of the performance award that shall
vest will be between 75% and 125% of the initial value. Note that the performance award is also subject to a performance underpin, and
the Remuneration Committee may in its absolute discretion reduce the amount payable if it determines that, in its opinion, the amounts
payable do not reflect the underlying performance of the Group or the individual during the relevant vesting period.

One third of the total award vested and became payable from the first anniversary of the date of completion (i.e. 1 March 2019) and the
remaining two thirds shall vest and become payable from the second anniversary (i.e. 1 March 2020), subject to continued employment
and performance conditions as described above. The one-third of the retention award that became payable in March 2019 was paid in
full, at a value of £250,000.

The one-third of the performance award that became payable in March 2019 comprised three elements:
• revenue synergies, valued at 40% of the award total,
• cost synergies, valued at 40% of the award total, and
• integration-related objectives, valued at 20% of the award total.
The revenue synergy targets as set out by the Board were achieved at a stretch level of performance, and the cost synergy targets were
ahead of schedule for the two year programme. The Committee therefore awarded a full payout at 125% of these elements. The precise
details of these targets are currently regarded as commercially sensitive. The progress against, and details of, the integration-related
metrics are as follows:
• Delivery of a clear and integrated IT strategy. This is implemented and on track, and relates to ERP and CRM systems.
• Communication of our strategic plan for the enlarged Group, including Capital Markets Day and ongoing communication of progress.
• Real estate strategy plan. This has been established, with the implementation on track and cost savings starting to be achieved.
These metrics are on track and the award was made at 100%. The total amount awarded for the performance element was £300,000.

50% of the net cash amounts paid under the awards are required to be reinvested by the individual into acquiring ordinary shares in
AVEVA Group plc, at market value, from the open market. These shares must be held for at least two years from the date of the share
purchase, save for circumstances which the Committee determines to be exceptional, or if the individual is classified as a ‘good leaver’.

The awards shall be subject to clawback, which shall be operable for a period of three years of the date of payment, if it is later
determined that there has been an overpayment as a result of a misstatement of the accounts, an error or reliance upon incorrect
information, assumptions or facts, or the individual’s misconduct.
76      AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED

Shareholding guidelines and interests in shares (audited)
Executive Directors are required to build up a shareholding from vested Long-term Incentive awards. Shares are valued for these
purposes at the financial year-end price, which was 3,226p at 31 March 2019.

                                                                                                                           Actual share ownership                  Shares owned outright
                                                                             Share ownership                Have
                                                                                                                           (as a % of base salary)                     at end of year
                                                                            guideline as a % of         guidelines
                                                                                   base salary          been met?            2018/19            2017/18              2018/19            2017/18

Craig Hayman                                                                      200%                    No                   0%                  0%                   –                  –
James Kidd                                                                        200%              On-target                154%                 86%              23,809             20,367

Outstanding scheme interests (audited)
                                                  As at                                                                                                                                  Gain on
                                          1 April 2018    Normal grants              Dividend     Exercised during   Lapsed/forfeited             As at       Exercise price         exercise of
                                              Number      during the year           equivalent            the year    during the year    31 March 2019                   (p)       share options

Craig Hayman
LTIP                                       16,204              63,636                   162                     –                  –           80,002                3.556                  n/a
Deferred shares                                 –                 757                     7                     –                  –              764                   nil                 n/a
Buy-out awards1                           296,479                   –                 2,974                     –                  –          299,453                   nil                 n/a
James Kidd
LTIP                                      108,833              31,818                    887                  –            (20,397)           121,141                3.556                n/a
Deferred shares                             1,867               8,886                     99               (824)2                –             10,028                   nil            20,4852

1    During the year, 176,927 shares vested. 31,299 shares remain subject to performance
2    Market value at exercise date was 2,486p


Buy-out awards for Craig Hayman
In order to secure Craig as CEO the Company had to commit to compensate him by way of a “buy-out” for the loss of significant
outstanding equity awards on leaving PTC which had a maximum potential value of over £9 million. The maximum value of the awards
granted to Craig was £5.5 million, using the share price on his date of appointment, and the structure of the awards was detailed in last
year’s Remuneration Report.

The awards are subject to an additional requirement that Craig would normally be required to pay back any amounts vesting (net of tax)
if he resigns within 2.5 years of joining (or be dismissed for gross misconduct or under one of the summary termination provisions in his
service agreement within 3 years of joining).

Revaluing the awards using the year end share price of 3,226p, the total value of the awards is estimated at £9.6 million, with
£5.7 million having vested in the year. None of the vested awards were exercised in the year.


Summary of LTIP targets for all LTIPs in issue
Existing AVEVA LTIPs
The following table sets out a summary of the performance targets attached to outstanding long-term incentive awards.

                                                                                                                                                                    Proportion of vesting
Performance measures are based on diluted adjusted EPS                                                                                                             2017 LTIP          2016 LTIP
compound annual growth over a three-year period. 25% vests for                                       Adjusted EPS growth targets p.a.                             and beyond        and previous
diluted adjusted EPS growth of threshold, and 100% vests for                                         Threshold                                                        25%                   25%
diluted adjusted EPS growth of the maximum. For LTIs issued in
2014, 2015 and 2016, linear interpolation applied between these                                      Midpoint                                                         80%              62.5%
points. For LTIs issued in 2017 and beyond, non-linear vesting will
                                                                                                       Maximum                                                      100%                100%
apply, as outlined in the table opposite.

                                 Options granted                                    Diluted adjusted    Diluted adjusted   Diluted adjusted    Diluted adjusted
                                     to Executive         Period of performance         EPS1 growth         EPS1 growth        EPS1 growth          EPS growth
Date of award                           Directors                 measurement              threshold            midpoint         maximum               achieved                    Achievement

                                                                                                                                                                        Target not met,
21 July 2015                           61,615         2015/16 – 2017/18                       12%                16%                 20%               6.0%
                                                                                                                                                                      award did not vest
                                                                                                                                                                    Target partially met;
13 July 2016                           86,712         2016/17 – 2018/19                           5%             10%                 15%              13.7%             89.9% of award
                                                                                                                                                                                  vested
8 September 2017                      45,994                                                                                                                        Performance period
                                                      2017/18 – 2019/20                           5%             10%                 15%
6 March 2018                          16,204                                                                                                                          not yet completed
                                                                                                                                                                    Performance period
28 September 2018                     95,454          2018/19 –2020/21                            5%             10%                 15%
                                                                                                                                                                      not yet completed

1    The definition of and figures used for adjusted diluted EPS are provided in note 13 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                               Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements                         77




Dilution
The number of shares which may be allocated on exercise of any options granted under any of the Company’s share option schemes
(including employee schemes) shall not, when aggregated with the number of shares which have been allocated in the previous ten
years under these schemes, exceed 5% of the ordinary share capital of the Company in issue immediately prior to that date.

Payments made to past Directors (audited)
Richard Longdon received LTIP awards granted in a previous period. These shall vest as per the scheme rules, as summarised in the
Remuneration Policy.

David Ward continued to be employed with the Group and was rewarded in line with the terms and conditions of his employment.

No other payments were made during 2018/19.

Payments for loss of office (audited)
No payments were made for loss of office during 2018/19.

Total shareholder return v. techMARK All-Share Index 2009–2019
The graph below shows performance, measured by total shareholder return, compared with the performance of the techMARK All-Share
Index. Total shareholder return is the share price plus dividends reinvested compared against the techMARK All-Share Index, rebased to
the start of the period. The Directors consider this index to be an appropriate choice as it includes AVEVA Group plc.



 Total shareholder return (GBP)                                                                                              AVEVA Group, rebased
    1,100
    1,000                                                                                                                    Techmark, rebased
      900
      800
      700
      600
      500
      400
      300
      200
      100
        0
       2009       2010       2011      2012       2013       2014       2015       2016        2017     2018       2019


CEO single figure ten year history
The table below shows the ten year history of the CEO single figure of total remuneration:

                                                           2009/10      2010/11      2011/12     2012/13       2013/14    2014/15   2015/16    2016/17         2017/18       2018/19

Richard Longdon
  (to 31 December 2016)                                       818          695       1,003            963      1,163        517       561         395                   –          –
James Kidd
  (1 January 2017 to 18 February 2018)                            –            –           –            –           –          –         –        127            949               –
Craig Hayman
  (19 February 2018 onwards)                                      –            –           –            –           –          –         –             –         137          7,346
CEO single figure of total remuneration
  (£’000)                                                     818         695        1,003            963      1,163        517       561         522         1,086          7,346
Annual incentive pay-out
 (% of maximum)                                            100%         100%         68%              94%         50%       8%        8%         18%            91%            98%
LTIP pay-out (% of maximum)                                100%           0%        100%              33%         94%       0%        0%          0%             0%             n/a1

1     The relevant pay-out for LTIPs vesting this year was 90%, but Craig had no LTIPs that vested in the year.


Change in remuneration of the Director undertaking the role of CEO (audited)
The table below illustrates the percentage change in salary, benefits and annual incentive for the Group CEO and two selected sub-sets
of employees (including only those employees who were employed at the start of the FY18 financial year through to the end of the FY19
financial year). The UK and US employee base have been chosen because the Group offices of heritage AVEVA and SES are
headquartered in these countries respectively, and together employ just over one-quarter of its workforce. Typical salary inflation in
some other AVEVA locations is materially higher than the UK and US, which would distort the comparison.
                                                                                                                                                            Executive
                                                                                                                                                           Leadership        UK & USA
% change (2017/18 to 2018/19)                                                                                                                    CEO            Team        employees

Base Salary                                                                                                                                   45%1             7%               2%
Benefits                                                                                                                                        0%             0%               0%
Annual Bonus                                                                                                                                   10%            26%              18%

1     This percentage change reflects the change in incumbent over the period rather than a salary increase.
78     AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




REMUNERATION COMMITTEE REPORT CONTINUED

Relative importance of spend on pay
The chart below illustrates the year-on-year change in total remuneration for all employees in the Group compared to total revenue,
adjusted EBIT and distributions to shareholders. The Committee determined total revenue and adjusted EBIT were appropriate measures
for this chart as they are the primary measures for the annual incentive scheme.


Relative importance of spend on pay (GBP millions)                                              2018/19     2017/18

Employee
                                                                                         396.3 | +62%
staff costs
                                                                                         243.9

Total
                                                                                         766.6 | +58%
revenue
                                                                                         486.3

Adjusted
                                                                                         175.9 | +63%
EBIT
                                                                                         108.0

Dividends
                                                                                         46.8 | +8%
paid
                                                                                         43.5

Outside appointments
The Board believes that accepting Non-Executive appointments with other companies enhances the experience of Executive Directors
and therefore they are entitled to accept appointments outside of the Company provided that Board approval is sought prior to accepting
the appointment. Whether or not the Director concerned is permitted to retain their fees is considered on a case-by-case basis. Neither
Craig nor James held any outside appointments during the year.

Total pension entitlements
The Company’s defined benefit scheme is not open to new members, and neither of the Executive Directors in the year are or have ever
been a member. Both the Executive Directors are members of the AVEVA Group Personal Pension Plan, a defined contribution pension
scheme. Both Directors by virtue of their level of income are subject to a cap on pension contributions of £10,000 per annum. Both
Directors have elected to receive a cash alternative, as allowed under the policy. During 2018/19, James received cash in lieu of
contributions of £43,100 (FY18: £38,790), and Craig received cash in lieu of contributions of £60,340 (FY18: £6,885).

Non-Executive Directors
Single total figure of remuneration for Non-Executive Directors (audited)
As noted in the Policy Report, the fees for the Chairman and the Non-Executive Directors are determined taking account of the
individuals’ responsibilities, time devoted to the role and prevalent market rates.

The table below shows a single figure of remuneration for each of our Non-Executive Directors.

                                                                                                                        2018/19     2017/18
                                                                                                                           fees        fees
                                                                                                                              £           £

Philip Aiken (Chairman)                                                                                               270,000     192,000
Jennifer Allerton                                                                                                      71,500      58,674
Christopher Humphrey                                                                                                   83,000      70,174
Ron Mobed                                                                                                              60,000      50,300
Paula Dowdy (appointed 1 February 2019)                                                                                10,000           –
Emmanuel Babeau1                                                                                                            –           –
Peter Herweck 1                                                                                                             –           –

1    Emmanuel and Peter have waived their fees for their first three-year term (1 March 2018 to 28 February 2021).
                                                                     Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements            79




Implementation of Remuneration Policy for NEDs in 2019/20
NEDs do not participate in any of the Company’s incentive arrangements nor do they receive any benefits. Their fees are reviewed at
appropriately regular intervals, usually annually, against those for companies of a similar scale and complexity to AVEVA. They have
increased in line with the UK employee average pay rise of 2.6%, except for the Committee Chairman fee, which has increased 6.5% to
better reflect market rate. The increased fees were introduced with effect from 1 April 2019. The Chairman’s fees are set by the
Committee and the Chief Executive; those for the NEDs are set by the Board as a whole. The table below shows the annual fees payable
for each of the NED roles held in the year.
                                                                                                                   2019/20           2018/19
                                                                                                                      fees              fees
Role                                                                                                                     £                 £

Chairman                                                                                                          277,000        270,000
Basic Non-Executive Director fee                                                                                   61,500         60,000
Vice Chairman                                                                                                      40,000         40,000
Committee Chairman fee (Audit and Remuneration)                                                                    12,250         11,500
Senior Independent Director                                                                                        11,800         11,500

NEDs’ interests in shares (audited)
The table shows the interests in AVEVA ordinary shares of Non-Executive Directors and their connected persons.

                                                                                                             Shares owned      Shares owned
                                                                                                                 outright at       outright at
                                                                                                             31 March 2019     31 March 2018

Philip Aiken (Chairman)                                                                                            2,337            2,337
Jennifer Allerton                                                                                                 10,300           12,000
Christopher Humphrey                                                                                               4,000            4,000
Ron Mobed                                                                                                          3,000            3,000
Paula Dowdy                                                                                                            –                –
Emmanuel Babeau                                                                                                        –                –
Peter Herweck                                                                                                          –                –

There have been no changes to Directors’ holdings between the year-end date and the publication of this report.

This Remuneration Committee report has been approved by the Board of Directors and is signed on its behalf by:

Jennifer Allerton
Remuneration Committee Chair
29 May 2019
80   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




OTHER STATUTORY INFORMATION

Results and dividends                          Financial instruments                         of Annual General Meeting specifies
The Directors’ Report for the year ended       The Group’s financial risk                    deadlines for exercising voting rights.
31 March 2019 comprises pages 1 to 83          management objectives and policies
of this report, together with the other        are discussed in note 27 to the               A resolution put to the vote of a
sections of the Annual Report incorporated     consolidated financial statements.            general meeting is decided on a show
by reference to page numbers referred to                                                     of hands, unless before or on the
below. As permitted by legislation, some       Directors and their interests                 declaration of the result of the show
of the matters required to be included in                                                    of hands, a poll is demanded by the
                                               Directors’ share and share option holdings    Chairman of the meeting. The Articles
the Directors’ Report have instead been        are disclosed in the Remuneration
included in the Strategic Report, as the                                                     of the Company also allow members,
                                               Committee Report on pages 76 and 79.          in certain circumstances, to demand
Board considers them to be of strategic
importance. Specifically, these are:                                                         that a resolution is decided by a poll.
                                               No Director had a material interest
• operations during the year and future        in any contract of significance, other        A member may vote personally or by
    business developments (throughout the      than a service contract or contract for
    Strategic Report);                                                                       proxy at a general meeting. Any form of
                                               services, with the Company or any of its      proxy must be delivered to the Company
• risk management and internal control         subsidiaries at any time during the year.     not less than 48 hours before the time
    on pages 26 to 30; and
                                                                                             appointed for holding the meeting or
• post balance sheet events on page 37;        Conflicts of interest                         adjourned meeting at which the person
                                               Throughout the year the Company               named in the appointment proposes to
The Group made a profit for the
                                               had effective procedures in place             vote (for this purpose, the Directors may
year after taxation of £33.8 million
                                               to deal with conflict situations and          specify that no account shall be taken of
(FY18: £40.5 million). Revenue was
                                               these have been operated effectively.         any part of a day that is not a working
£766.6 million (FY18: £486.3 million)
                                               During the year no conflicts arose            day). A corporation which is a member of
and comprised software licences,
                                               which would require the Board to              the Company may authorise such persons
software maintenance and services.
                                               exercise its authority or discretion.         as it thinks fit to act as its representatives
The Directors recommend the payment of                                                       at any general meeting of the Company.
a final dividend of 29.0 pence per ordinary
                                               Share capital
share (FY18: 27.0 pence). If approved at       Details of the issued share capital can       No member shall be entitled to attend
the forthcoming Annual General Meeting,        be found in note 31 to the consolidated       or vote, either personally or by proxy,
the final dividend will be paid on 2 August    financial statements. The rights              at a general meeting in respect of any
2019 to shareholders on the register           attaching to the Company’s shares are         share if any call or other sum presently
at close of business on 5 July 2019.           set out in its Articles of Association.       payable to the Company in respect
                                                                                             of such share remains unpaid or in
Business review and future                     Subject to any restrictions referred to in    certain other circumstances specified
developments                                   the next section, members may attend          in the Articles of Association where
                                               any general meeting of the Company.           there is default in supplying the
A review of the Group’s operations                                                           Company with information concerning
during the year and its plans for the                                                        interests in the Company’s shares.
                                               There are no restrictions on the transfer
future is given in the Chairman’s
                                               of ordinary shares in the Company other
Statement, the Chief Executive’s                                                             Dividends, distributions and
                                               than: certain restrictions which may from
Review and the Finance Review.                                                               liquidation
                                               time to time be imposed by laws and
                                               regulations (for example, insider trading     Members can declare final dividends by
The financial Key Performance Indicators
                                               laws); and pursuant to the Market Abuse       passing an ordinary resolution but the
used by AVEVA to measure its own
                                               Regulation and the Company’s own rules        amount of the dividends cannot exceed the
performance at the Group level include
                                               whereby Directors and certain employees       amount recommended by the Board. The
total revenue, recurring revenue, adjusted
                                               of the Company require the approval           Board can pay interim dividends provided
EBIT margin, adjusted diluted earnings per
                                               of the Company to deal in the ordinary        the distributable profits of the Company
share and cash conversion. The figures for
                                               shares and pursuant to the Articles of        justify such payment. The Board may, if
the year ended 31 March 2019 are set out
                                               Association where there is default in         authorised by an ordinary resolution of
on pages 24 to 25, together with figures
                                               supplying the Company with information        the members, offer any member the right
for the previous year, and a discussion of
                                               concerning interests in the Company’s         to elect to receive new shares, which will
the principal risks and uncertainties facing
                                               shares. There are no special control rights   be credited as fully paid, instead of their
the Group is included on pages 26 to 30.
                                               in relation to the Company’s shares.          cash dividend. Any dividend which has not
Research & Development                                                                       been claimed for 12 years after it became
                                               Voting rights                                 due for payment will be forfeited and will
The Group continues an active programme                                                      then revert to the Company. Members may
                                               Subject to any restrictions below, on a
of Research & Development which                                                              share in surplus assets on a liquidation.
                                               show of hands every member who is
covers the updating of, and extension
                                               present in person or by proxy at a general
to, the Group’s range of products.                                                           If the Company is wound up, the
                                               meeting has one vote on each resolution
                                               and, on a poll, every member who is           liquidator can, with the sanction of the
Intellectual property                                                                        members by special resolution and any
                                               present in person or by proxy has one
The Group owns intellectual property both      vote on each resolution for every share of    other sanction required by law, divide
in its software tools and the products         which he/she is the registered member.        among the members all or any part of
derived from them. The Directors consider      A proxy will have one vote for and one        the assets of the Company and he/she
such properties to be of significant           vote against a resolution on a show of        can value any assets and determine
value to the business and have a               hands in certain circumstances specified      how the divisions shall be carried out
comprehensive programme to protect it.         in the Articles of Association. The Notice    as between the members or different
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements               81




classes of members. The liquidator can          Substantial shareholdings
also transfer the whole or any part of the      Interests in the ordinary share capital of the Company are set out in the table below.
assets to trustees upon any trusts for
the benefit of the members. No members          The Company had been notified, in accordance with Disclosure Guidance and Transparency
can be compelled to accept any asset            Rule 5, of the following interests in the ordinary share capital of the Company:
which would give them any liability.
                                                                                          As at 31 March 2019               As at 1 May 2019
There are no agreements between                                                                           Percentage                      Percentage
holders of securities that are known            Name of holder                                Number          held %       Number             held %

to the Company which may result in              Schneider Electric SE                97,169,655                 60.2   97,169,655              60.2
restrictions on the transfer of securities or   Aberdeen Standard Investments         8,301,431                  5.2    8,284,326               5.1
on voting rights, save as described below
in relation to the Employee Benefit Trust.      In the period from 1 May 2019 to the date of this report, we have received no further
                                                notifications of any changes to holdings in accordance with the DTR 5.
Change of control
All of the Company’s share-based plans
and long-term incentive schemes contain         general meeting by special resolution.             • the section below titled “Majority
provisions relating to change of control.       Subject to the Companies Act, shares                   Shareholder and the Relationship
Outstanding awards and options normally         may be issued by Board resolution. At                  Agreement” (in respect of a statement
vest and become exercisable or payable          the Company’s last Annual General                      by the Board in respect of the
on or following a change of control             Meeting, powers were granted to the                    Relationship Agreement with the
arising as a result of an offer or the court    Directors (subject to limits set out in the            controlling shareholder); and
sanctioning a compromise or arrangement         resolutions) to issue and to buy back its          •   the Remuneration Committee Report in
under the Companies Act 2006, subject           own shares; similar powers are proposed                relation to Craig Hayman (in respect of
to the satisfaction of any relevant             to be granted at the forthcoming Annual                details of long-term incentive schemes
performance conditions at that time.            General Meeting. The buy-back authority                as required by the Listing Rules).
                                                was limited to 10% of the Company’s
The £100m multicurrency revolving               issued share capital. No shares have               Annual General Meeting
facility with Barclays Bank plc as agent        been bought back under this authority.             The Annual General Meeting will be held on
dated 5 September 2017 states that                                                                 8 July 2019 at Ashurst LLP, London Fruit and
upon any person or group of persons             Appointment of Directors                           Wool Exchange, 1 Duval Square, London,
acting in concert gaining control, and          The Articles of Association limit the              E1 6PW. The Notice of the Annual General
following a negotiation period if no            number of Directors to not less than               Meeting is being sent to shareholders along
agreement is reached, a lender may              two and not more than ten save where               with this Annual Report, which contains
cancel its commitment and declare all           members decide otherwise. Members may              details of the resolutions proposed.
outstanding loans immediately due and           appoint Directors by ordinary resolution
payable. The Relationship Agreement             and may remove any Director (subject               Employee Benefit Trust
referred to below will terminate                to the giving of special notice) and, if           The AVEVA Group Employee Benefit
(amongst other events) upon listing of          desired, replace such removed Director by          Trust 2008 was established in 2008
the Company’s shares being cancelled.           ordinary resolution. New Directors may be          to facilitate satisfying the transfer of
                                                appointed by the Board but are subject to          shares to employees within the Group
There are no other significant                  election by members at the first Annual            on exercise of vested options under the
agreements to which the Company                 General Meeting after their appointment.           various share option and deferred bonus
is a party that take effect, alter or           A Director may be removed from office              share plans of the Company. The Trust
terminate upon a change of control of           if requested by all other Directors.               holds a total of 350,270 ordinary shares
the Company following a takeover bid.                                                              in AVEVA Group plc representing 0.22%
                                                The Company’s Articles of Association              (FY18: 14,758 shares) representing
There are no agreements between                 require that at each AGM there shall               0.01%) of the issued share capital at the
the Company and its Directors or                retire from office (and be subject to              date of this report. Under the terms of
employees providing for compensation            re-election by members) any Director               the Trust deed governing the Trust, the
for loss of office or employment that           who shall have been a Director at each             trustees are required (unless the Company
occurs because of a takeover bid.               of the preceding two Annual General                directs otherwise) to waive all dividends
                                                Meetings and who was not appointed                 and abstain from voting in respect of
Articles of Association                         or re-appointed then or subsequently.              ordinary shares in AVEVA Group plc
Any amendments to the Articles of               However, in accordance with the UK                 held by the Trust except where beneficial
Association of the Company may                  Corporate Governance Code, the Company             ownership of any such ordinary shares
be made in accordance with the                  requires all Directors who held office at          was passed to a beneficiary of the Trust.
provisions of the Companies Act                 31 March 2019 to stand for re-election.            In the same way as other employees, the
by way of special resolution.                                                                      Executive Directors of the Company are
                                                Listing Rules disclosures                          potential beneficiaries under the Trust.
Powers of the Directors                         For the purpose of LR9.8.4C R, the
The business of the Company is managed          only applicable information required
by the Directors, who may exercise              to be disclosed in accordance with
all powers of the Company, subject to           LR9.8.4 R can be found in:
the Company’s Articles of Association,          • the section below titled “Employee
relevant statutory law and to any direction        Benefit Trust” (in respect of shareholder
that may be given by the Company in                waiver of dividends and future
                                                   dividends);
82   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




OTHER STATUTORY INFORMATION CONTINUED

Majority Shareholder and the                   (b) neither Schneider Electric nor any of its    After this further 18-month period,
Relationship Agreement                             Associates will propose or procure the       Schneider Electric will be under no
The Company entered into a relationship            proposal of a shareholder resolution         restrictions as to further acquisitions of
agreement with Schneider Electric SE,              which is intended or appears to be           shares or making offers. Further details of
its majority shareholder, on 1 March               intended to circumvent the proper            the Relationship Agreement are set out in
2018 (the “Relationship Agreement”).               application of the Listing Rules;            the Prospectus, Part XII, paragraph 3.7.

The Relationship Agreement will                (c) neither Schneider Electric nor any of its    AVEVA has and, in so far as it is aware,
remain in force until (i) AVEVA ceases             Associates will take any action that         Schneider Electric and its Associates
to be listed or (ii) the Schneider Electric        would have the effect of preventing          have complied with the independence
Group ceases to be a shareholder or                AVEVA from complying with its                provisions in the Relationship Agreement
(iii) if earlier, by agreement between             obligations under the Listing Rules or       during the period under review.
Schneider Electric and AVEVA (subject              the terms of the Relationship
always to the Listing Rules).                      Agreement; and                               Disabled employees
                                                                                                The Group gives full consideration to
The Relationship Agreement contains            (d) it will abstain and will cause its           applications for employment from disabled
provisions relating to the ongoing                 Associates to abstain from voting on         persons where the candidate’s particular
relationship between AVEVA and                     any resolution to approve a “related         aptitudes and abilities are consistent with
Schneider Electric, including:                     party transaction” (as defined in the        adequately meeting the requirements
                                                   Listing Rules) involving Schneider
• Schneider Electric may appoint up to             Electric or any of its Associates as the
                                                                                                of the job. Opportunities are available
   two Non-Executive Directors                                                                  to disabled employees for training,
   (depending on the level of its                  related party.                               career development and promotion.
   shareholding);
                                               There is no restriction on disposals of
• after a period of two years from             shares in AVEVA by Schneider Electric.
                                                                                                Where existing employees become
   completion of the combination, for so                                                        disabled, it is the Group’s policy to
   long as Schneider Electric has the right    For two years following completion of the        provide continuing employment wherever
   to appoint at least one Non-Executive       combination, without the approval of the         practicable in the same or an alternative
   Director, it will have the right (but not   majority of the independent Non-Executive        position and to provide appropriate
   the obligation) to appoint such             Directors, Schneider Electric will not:          training to achieve this aim as well as
   Non-Executive Director as the                                                                reasonable adjustments to the workplace
   Chairman;                                   (a) announce or make a general offer under       and other support mechanisms.
                                                   the Takeover Code for the remaining
• so long as Schneider Electric is entitled        shares in the Company;
   to appoint at least one Non-Executive                                                        Employee involvement
   Director, each of the Remuneration                                                           The Group places considerable value on
   Committee and Nomination Committee          (b) vote in favour of a delisting of the
                                                                                                the involvement of its employees and
   will comprise a total of three members,         Company; or
                                                                                                has continued to keep them informed of
   one of whom will be the (or a) Non-                                                          matters affecting them as employees
   Executive Director appointed by             (c) increase the aggregate shareholding of
                                                                                                and on the various factors affecting
   Schneider Electric and the other two            Schneider Electric and its Associates
                                                                                                the performance of the Group. This is
   members will be independent Non-                above its percentage shareholding
                                                                                                achieved through formal and informal
   Executive Directors; and                        immediately after completion.
                                                                                                meetings, employee newsletters, the
• for the period of 5 years from               For 18 months after the end of the two-year
                                                                                                Group intranet and presentations from
   completion of the combination and                                                            senior management. There is an employee
   provided Schneider Electric holds more      period, the restrictions outlined above
                                                                                                representative committee which meets on
   than 50% of the voting rights in AVEVA,     regarding making an offer for the Company
                                                                                                a regular basis to discuss a wide range of
   AVEVA shall give Schneider Electric         or acquiring further shares in the Company
                                                                                                matters affecting their current and future
   reasonable notice of certain specified      shall continue to apply save that Schneider
                                                                                                interests. All employees are entitled to
   transactions.                               Electric and its Associates will be permitted,
                                                                                                receive an annual discretionary award
                                               without any need for independent
                                                                                                related to the overall profitability of the
The Relationship Agreement also provides       Non-Executive Director approval:
                                                                                                Group subject to the performance of
that, for so long as Schneider Electric                                                         the individual and the Group. The Group
remains a “controlling shareholder”            (a) to announce or make a general offer
                                                                                                conducts employee-wide surveys from time
of AVEVA within the meaning of                     under the Takeover Code for the
                                                                                                to time to gauge the success or otherwise
LR6.1.2AR; or (ii) the Schneider Electric          remaining shares in the Company
                                                                                                of its policies and uses this information
Group holds 25% or more of the voting              (subject to certain requirements as to
                                                                                                to improve matters as appropriate.
rights or economic interest in AVEVA,              the offer price and to recommendation
it agrees to undertake, and procure                by a majority of the independent
                                                   Non-Executive Directors); and
                                                                                                Directors’ indemnity
that its Associates (as defined in the
                                                                                                The Company has granted an indemnity
Listing Rules) undertake, that:
                                               (b) otherwise to acquire additional shares       to its Directors against liability in
                                                   in the Company in the market or              respect of proceedings brought by
(a) all transactions, agreements and
                                                   otherwise, up to an aggregate                third parties, subject to the conditions
    arrangements between the Schneider
                                                   shareholding below 75% of AVEVA’s            set out in the Companies Act. Such
    Electric Group and any member of the
                                                   issued share capital.                        qualifying third-party indemnity
    enlarged AVEVA Group are conducted
                                                                                                provision remains in force as at the date
    at arms’ length basis and on normal
                                                                                                of approving the Directors’ report.
    commercial terms;
                                                                       Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements     83




Greenhouse gas emissions reporting              In preparing the parent company financial      Fair and balanced reporting
The Company is required to state the            statements, the Directors are required to:     Having taken advice from the Audit
annual quantity of emissions in tonnes of       • select suitable accounting policies and      Committee, the Board considers the
carbon dioxide equivalent from activities           then apply them consistently;              Annual Report and Accounts, taken
for which the Group is responsible,             • make judgments and accounting                as a whole, is fair, balanced and
including the combustion of fuel, the               estimates that are reasonable and          understandable and that it provides the
operation of any facility, and resulting from       prudent;                                   information necessary for shareholders
the purchase of electricity, heat, steam or     • state whether applicable UK                  to assess the Company’s position and
cooling. Details of our emissions are set           Accounting Standards have been             performance, business model and strategy.
out within the Corporate Responsibility             followed, subject to any material
section of the Strategic Report and form            departures disclosed and explained in      Responsibility statement pursuant to
part of the Directors’ Report disclosures.          the financial statements; and              FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and
                                                • prepare the financial statements on the      Transparency Rule 4 (DTR 4)
Auditor                                             going concern basis unless it is
                                                    inappropriate to presume that the          Each Director of the Company
A resolution to re-appoint Ernst &                  Company will continue in business.         (whose names and functions appear
Young LLP as auditor for the ensuing                                                           on pages 46 and 47) confirms that
year will be put to the members at              The Directors are responsible for keeping      (solely for the purpose of DTR 4) to
the Annual General Meeting.                     adequate accounting records which are          the best of his or her knowledge:
                                                sufficient to disclose with reasonable         • the financial statements in this
Statement of Directors’                         accuracy at any time the financial position       document, prepared in accordance with
responsibilities in relation                    of the Company and enable them to ensure          the applicable UK law and applicable
to the financial statements                     that the financial statements comply with         accounting standards, give a true and
The Directors are responsible for               the Companies Act 2006 and, as regards            fair view of the assets, liabilities,
preparing the annual report and the             the Group financial statements, Article           financial position and profit of the
financial statements in accordance              4 of the IAS Regulation. They are also            Company and the undertakings
with applicable law and regulations.            responsible for safeguarding the assets           included in the consolidation taken as a
                                                of the Company and hence for taking               whole; and
The Directors are required to prepare           reasonable steps for the prevention and        • the Strategic Report and the Directors’
consolidated financial statements               detection of fraud and other irregularities.      Report include a fair review of the
for each financial year in accordance                                                             development and performance of the
with International Financial Reporting          Disclosure of information to auditor              business and the position of the
Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the                                                               Company and the undertakings
                                                The Directors who were members of                 included in the consolidation taken as a
European Union. The Directors have              the Board at the time of approving the
elected to prepare the parent company                                                             whole, together with a description of
                                                Directors’ Report are listed on pages 46 to       the principal risks and uncertainties
financial statements in accordance with         47. Each of these Directors confirms that:
United Kingdom Generally Accepted                                                                 that they face.
Accounting Practice (United Kingdom
                                                • so far as he/she is aware, there is no
                                                   relevant audit information (as defined      This Directors’ Report has been approved
Accounting Standards and applicable law            by Section 418 of the Companies Act
including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure                                                          by the Board of Directors and is signed on
                                                   2006) of which the Company’s auditor        its behalf by:
Framework”). Under company law the                 is unaware; and
Directors must not approve the financial
statements unless they are satisfied that
                                                • he/she has taken all the steps he/she
                                                   ought to have taken as a Director in
they give a true and fair view of the state        order to make himself/herself aware of
of affairs of the Company and of the               any such relevant audit information and
undertakings included in the consolidation         to establish that the Company’s auditor
as a whole as at the end of the financial                                                      David Ward
                                                   is aware of that information.
year and the profit or loss of the                                                             Deputy CFO & Company Secretary
undertakings included in the consolidation                                                     29 May 2019
as a whole, so far as concerns members
of the Company, for the financial year. In
preparing those Consolidated financial
statements, the Directors are required to:
• select and apply accounting policies in
    accordance with IAS 8;
• present information, including
    accounting policies, in a manner that
    provides relevant, reliable, comparable
    and understandable information; and
• provide additional disclosures when
    compliance with the specific
    requirements in IFRSs is insufficient to
    enable users to understand the impact
    of particular transactions, other events
    and conditions on the entity’s financial
    position and financial performance.
84   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                          Strong financial
                          Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements    85




performance


     CONTENTS
     Financial Statements
     86 Independent auditor’s report             126 Company balance sheet
     93 Consolidated income statement            127 Company statement of changes in
     94 Consolidated statement of                    shareholders’ equity
         comprehensive income                    128 Notes to the company financial
     95 Consolidated balance sheet                   statements
     96 Consolidated statement of changes in     131 Statement of Group accounting
         shareholders’ equity                        policies
     97 Consolidated cash flow statement         137 Full list of subsidiary companies
     98 Notes to the consolidated financial      140 Company information and advisers
         statements                              141 Glossary
86      AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF
AVEVA GROUP PLC
Opinion
In our opinion:
• AVEVA Group plc’s group financial statements and parent company financial statements (the “financial statements”) give a true and
    fair view of the state of the group’s and of the parent company’s affairs as at 31 March 2019 and of the group’s profit for the year then
    ended;
• the group financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with IFRSs as adopted by the European Union;
• the parent company financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with United Kingdom Generally Accepted
    Accounting Practice including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework”; and
• the financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006, and, as regards the
    group financial statements, Article 4 of the IAS Regulation.

We have audited the financial statements of AVEVA Group plc which comprise:

Group                                                                             Parent company

Consolidated balance sheet as at 31 March 2019                                    Balance sheet as at 31 March 2019
Consolidated income statement for the year then ended                             Statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended
Consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended               Related notes 1 to 9 to the financial statements including
                                                                                  a summary of significant accounting policies
Consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended
Related notes 1 to 33 to the financial statements, including a summary
of significant accounting policies

The financial reporting framework that has been applied in the preparation of the group financial statements is applicable law and
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the European Union. The financial reporting framework that has been
applied in the preparation of the parent company financial statements is applicable law and United Kingdom Accounting Standards,
including FRS 101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework” (United Kingdom Generally Accepted Accounting Practice).

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (ISAs (UK)) and applicable law. Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report
below. We are independent of the group and parent company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit
of the financial statements in the UK, including the FRC’s Ethical Standard as applied to listed public interest entities, and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Conclusions relating to principal risks, going concern and viability statement
We have nothing to report in respect of the following information in the annual report, in relation to which the ISAs (UK) require us to
report to you whether we have anything material to add or draw attention to:
• the disclosures in the annual report set out on pages 26-31 that describe the principal risks and explain how they are being managed
   or mitigated;
• the directors’ confirmation set out on pages 26-31 in the annual report that they have carried out a robust assessment of the principal
   risks facing the entity, including those that would threaten its business model, future performance, solvency or liquidity;
• the directors’ statement set out on pages 26-31 in the financial statements about whether they considered it appropriate to adopt the
   going concern basis of accounting in preparing them, and their identification of any material uncertainties to the entity’s ability
   to continue to do so over a period of at least twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements
• whether the directors’ statement in relation to going concern required under the Listing Rules in accordance with Listing Rule
   9.8.6R(3) is materially inconsistent with our knowledge obtained in the audit; or
• the directors’ explanation set out on pages 26-31 in the annual report as to how they have assessed the prospects of the entity, over
   what period they have done so and why they consider that period to be appropriate, and their statement as to whether they have
   a reasonable expectation that the entity will be able to continue in operation and meet its liabilities as they fall due over the period
   of their assessment, including any related disclosures drawing attention to any necessary qualifications or assumptions.
                                                                             Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements         87




Overview of our audit approach

Key audit matters          • Risk of inappropriate revenue recognition on software licence contracts, in particular:
                             – Inappropriate application of the group revenue recognition policy and IFRS 15 (Revenue) for licence revenue
                                    recognition, could result in, for example, revenue being recorded when performance obligations have not
                                    been satisfied, incorrect deferral of revenue for support and maintenance and other obligations; and
                                –   Inappropriate licence revenue recognition in relation to cut off, as revenue may not have been recognised
                                    in the correct accounting period, including the risk of possible manipulation of project margins by
                                    management through estimates to complete on Percentage of Completion (POC) projects, particularly
                                    where progress as of year-end is greater than 10% and less than 90% complete.
Audit scope                • We performed an audit of the complete financial information of four (2018: seven) components and audit
                                procedures on specific balances for a further ten (2018: eight) components.
                           • The components where we performed full or specific audit procedures accounted for 86% of adjusted Profit
                                before tax, 70% of Revenue and 84% of Total assets.
Materiality                • Overall group materiality of £3.8m which represents 5% of adjusted Profit before tax.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements
of the current period and include the most significant assessed risks of material misstatement (whether or not due to fraud) that we
identified. These matters included those which had the greatest effect on: the overall audit strategy, the allocation of resources in the
audit; and directing the efforts of the engagement team. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial
statements as a whole, and in our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

                                                                                                                 Key observations communicated
Risk                                     Our response to the risk                                                to the Audit Committee

Risk of inappropriate revenue            We have walked through the central process over the approval and       We conclude that revenue
recognition– £766.6m                     recognition of revenue contracts across the group.                     recognised in the year, and
(2018: £486.3m)                                                                                                 deferred as at 31 March 2019,
                                         We have walked through and assessed the design effectiveness of key is materially correct on the
In particular, the risks are:            management controls over data input and IT.                            basis of our procedures
• Inappropriate application                                                                                     performed both at group and
       of the group revenue              A summary of our key procedures are:                                   by component audit teams.
       recognition policy and IFRS       We have performed licence revenue transaction testing at a local and
                                         group level to ensure that revenue has been recorded in accordance
       15 (Revenue) for licence
                                         with the Group’s revenue recognition policy and IFRS 15 and has been
       revenue recognition, could        appropriately recorded in the current year income statement or
       result in, for example,           deferred on the balance sheet as appropriate. This was achieved by
       revenue being recorded when       testing a sample of contracts and:
       performance obligations           • agreeing licence revenues to signed contracts or software licence
       have not been satisfied,             agreements;
       incorrect deferral of revenue     • agreeing the revenue to subsequent payment as evidence of
       for support and maintenance          collectability;
       and other obligations; and        • checking evidence to support that software has been delivered to
•      Inappropriate licence revenue        customers prior to revenue recognition;
       recognition in relation to cut    • reviewing contract terms for any conditions that would impact the
       off, as revenue may not have         timing of revenue recognition and in turn the completeness of
       been recognised in the               contract liabilities;
       correct accounting period,        • ensuring appropriate allocation of the fair value and recognition of
       including the risk of possible       revenue for other deliverables included within the contract; and
       manipulation of project           • assessing whether revenue has been recognised in line with the
       margins by management                Group’s revenue recognition policy and IFRS 15.
       through estimates to              • We selected a sample of revenue journals and assessed the
       complete on Percentage of            appropriateness of the journal by checking to supporting evidence
       Completion (POC) projects,           and ensuring compliance with the Group’s revenue recognition
       particularly where progress          policy and IFRS 15. The sample selected was based on risk based
       as of year-end is greater than       criteria including but not limited to manual journal entries, those
       10% and less than 90%                close to period end and postings that appeared inconsistent with
       complete.                            roles and responsibilities.
88     AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT CONTINUED

                                                                                                             Key observations communicated
Risk                               Our response to the risk                                                  to the Audit Committee

Refer to the Audit Committee       We have performed an independent assessment as to whether the
Report (pages 56-59);              fair value rate of the support and maintenance is still applicable and
Accounting policies (pages         that any non-standard contracts have an appropriate fair value rate
131-136); and Note 2 of the        applied.
Consolidated Financial
Statements (pages 98-100)          To validate our understanding of contractual terms with customers
                                   and to identify any contractual issues or any ongoing contractual
                                   obligations, we made enquiries of management outside the finance
                                   function, including the sales team and legal counsel to ensure that
                                   appropriate obligations and commitments had been recorded in the
                                   financial statements.

                                   We have performed a test of detail on a sample of contract liability
                                   and contract asset revenue items to ensure it is in accordance with the
                                   revenue recognition principles.

                                   We have performed analytical review by revenue stream and
                                   geography to assess unexpected trends and patterns that could be
                                   indicative of incorrect revenue recognition.

                                   We have performed cut-off testing for a sample of revenue items
                                   booked either side of year end to ensure that licence revenue was only
                                   recognised for software in the period where the contract was signed
                                   by both AVEVA and the customer prior to year-end and the software
                                   has been made available prior to the year end.

                                   For projects accounted for under ‘Percentage of Completion’ (PoC), we
                                   evaluated judgements made by management regarding the expected
                                   costs to complete and the timing and recognition of variation orders.
                                   We also tested the cut-off of project costs.

                                   Where detailed procedures were performed by overseas teams,
                                   the primary team exercised oversight of the testing and performed
                                   additional testing of contracts over £5m or containing non-standard
                                   terms.

                                   For related party transactions between AVEVA and the Schneider
                                   Electric business, we obtained evidence that the performance
                                   obligations had been fulfilled and that they form part of the related
                                   party disclosures.

                                   We performed full and specific scope audit procedures over this risk
                                   area in 12 locations, which covered 70% of the risk amount.

In the prior year, our auditor’s report included a key audit matter in relation to acquisition accounting. In the current year, this has not
been included as a key audit matter as the risk of material misstatement and in turn allocation of resources, was greatly reduced as only
minor measurement period adjustments to the acquisition accounting were required.

An overview of the scope of our audit
Tailoring the scope
Our assessment of audit risk, our evaluation of materiality and our allocation of performance materiality determine our audit scope for
each entity within the Group. Taken together, this enables us to form an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We take into
account size, risk profile, the organisation of the group and effectiveness of group-wide controls, changes in the business environment
and other factors such as recent Internal audit results when assessing the level of work to be performed at each entity.

In assessing the risk of material misstatement to the Group financial statements, and to ensure we had adequate quantitative coverage
of significant accounts in the financial statements, of the 82 reporting components of the Group, we selected 14 components covering
entities within the UK, US, Canada, Germany, France, Korea, China, India and Australia, which represent the principal business units
within the Group.

Of the 14 components selected, we performed an audit of the complete financial information of 4 components (“full scope components”)
which were selected based on their size or risk characteristics. For the remaining 10 components (“specific scope components”), we
performed audit procedures on specific accounts within that component that we considered had the potential for the greatest impact on
the significant accounts in the financial statements either because of the size of these accounts or their risk profile. The number of full
scope components has reduced from 7 in the prior to 4 in the current year. This is due to 3 components being significant by size to the
opening net assets in the acquisition accounting in prior year, but they are no longer significant by size for the enlarged group.
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements        89




The reporting components where we performed audit procedures accounted for 86% (2018: 98%) of the Group’s adjusted Profit before
tax, 70% (2018: 76%) of the Group’s Revenue and 84% (2018: 91%) of the Group’s Total assets. For the current year, the full scope
components contributed 71% (2018: 64%) of the Group’s adjusted Profit before tax, 48% (2018: 62%) of the Group’s Revenue and 78%
(2018: 88%) of the Group’s Total assets. The specific scope components contributed 15% (2018: 34%) of the Group’s adjusted profit
before tax, 22% (2018: 14%) of the Group’s Revenue and 6% (2018: 3%) of the Group’s Total assets. The audit scope of these
components may not have included testing of all significant accounts of the component but will have contributed to the coverage of
significant tested for the Group.

Of the remaining 68 components that together represent 14% of the Group’s adjusted Profit before tax, none are individually greater
than 1% of the Group’s adjusted Profit before tax. For these components, we performed other procedures, including analytical review,
testing of consolidation journals, intercompany elimination and foreign currency translation recalculation to respond to any potential
risks of material misstatement to the Group financial statements.

Changes from the prior year
For the current year we have designated the components in Germany and Italy as review scope compared to specific scope in the
comparative period, as they represent a small proportion of the Group following the reverse acquisition in the prior year. They have
therefore been included within our review scope population, which includes components that are neither significant by size or risk. The
number of full scope components has reduced from 7 in the prior to 4 in the current year. This is due to 3 components being significant by
size to the opening net assets in the acquisition accounting in prior year, but they are no longer significant by size for the enlarged group.

Involvement with component teams
In establishing our overall approach to the Group audit, we determined the type of work that needed to be undertaken at each of the
components by us, as the primary audit engagement team, or by component auditors from other EY global network firms operating
under our instruction. Of the 4 full scope components, audit procedures were performed on 2 of these directly by the primary audit team.
For the 10 specific scope components, where the work was performed by component auditors, we determined the appropriate level of
involvement to enable us to determine that sufficient audit evidence had been obtained as a basis for our opinion on the Group as a
whole.

The Group audit team continued to follow a programme of planned visits that has been designed to ensure that the Senior Statutory
Auditor visits at least two (2018: two) of the components each year. During the current year’s audit cycle, visits were undertaken by
the primary audit team to the component teams in US, Canada, China and Germany (2018: US, Germany, France and Italy). These visits
involved where appropriate, discussing the audit approach with the component team and any issues arising from their work, meeting
with local and regional management, attending the planning meeting and closing meetings, reviewing key audit working papers on risk
areas. The primary team interacted regularly with the component teams where appropriate during various stages of the audit, reviewed
key working papers and were responsible for the scope and direction of the audit process. This, together with the additional procedures
performed at Group level, gave us appropriate evidence for our opinion on the Group financial statements.

Our application of materiality
We apply the concept of materiality in planning and performing the audit, in evaluating the effect of identified misstatements on the
audit and in forming our audit opinion.

Materiality
The magnitude of an omission or misstatement that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of the users of the financial statements. Materiality provides a basis for determining the nature and extent of our
audit procedures.

We determined materiality for the Group to be £3.8 million (2018: £3.5 million), which is 5% (2018: 5%) of adjusted Profit before tax.
We believe that adjusted Profit before tax provides us with the most relevant measure of the underlying financial performance of the
Group, as it removes the impact of one-off transactions. For both years, we have used Profit before tax adjusted for exceptional items
as reported in note 7, however have not made adjustment for recurring items, such as amortisation of intangibles, share based payments
and gain/loss on forward exchange contracts.

We determined materiality for the Parent Company to be £26.7 million (2018: £27.5 million), which is 2% (2018: 2%) of total assets.
We believe that total assets is the most relevant measure, given the primary activity of the Parent Company is to hold investments
in subsidiaries.
90     AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT CONTINUED


     Starting   • Profit before tax – £46.7m
      basis



                • Exceptional items (note 7) – £28.9m
Adjustments



                • Totals £75.6m
 Materiality    • Materiality of £3.8m (5% of materiality basis)



During the course of our audit, we reassessed initial materiality and updated for the final profit shown above.

Performance materiality
The application of materiality at the individual account or balance level. It is set at an amount to reduce to an appropriately low level the
probability that the aggregate of uncorrected and undetected misstatements exceeds materiality.

On the basis of our risk assessments, together with our assessment of the Group’s overall control environment, our judgement was that
performance materiality was 75% (2018: 75%) of our planning materiality, namely £2.9m (2018: £2.6m). We have set performance
materiality at this percentage to ensure that the total uncorrected and undetected audit differences in all accounts did not exceed our
materiality.

Audit work at component locations for the purpose of obtaining audit coverage over significant financial statement accounts is
undertaken based on a percentage of total performance materiality. The performance materiality set for each component is based on
the relative scale and risk of the component to the Group as a whole and our assessment of the risk of misstatement at that component.
In the current year, the range of performance materiality allocated to components was £0.5m to £1.6m (2018: £0.4m to £1.4m).

Reporting threshold
An amount below which identified misstatements are considered as being clearly trivial.

We agreed with the Audit Committee that we would report to them all uncorrected audit differences in excess of £0.2m (2018: £0.2m),
which is set at 5% of planning materiality, as well as differences below that threshold that, in our view, warranted reporting on
qualitative grounds.

We evaluate any uncorrected misstatements against both the quantitative measures of materiality discussed above and in light of other
relevant qualitative considerations in forming our opinion.

Other information
The other information comprises the information included in the annual report set out on pages 1-83, including the Strategic Report and
the Corporate Governance Report, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The directors are responsible for
the other information.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, except to the extent otherwise explicitly stated in
this report, we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If we identify such material inconsistencies or apparent material misstatements, we
are required to determine whether there is a material misstatement in the financial statements or a material misstatement of the other
information. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of the other information,
we are required to report that fact.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

In this context, we also have nothing to report in regard to our responsibility to specifically address the following items in the other
information and to report as uncorrected material misstatements of the other information where we conclude that those items meet the
following conditions:
• Fair, balanced and understandable set out on page 83 – the statement given by the directors that they consider the annual report
    and financial statements taken as a whole is fair, balanced and understandable and provides the information necessary for
    shareholders to assess the group’s performance, business model and strategy, is materially inconsistent with our knowledge obtained
    in the audit; or
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements          91




• Audit committee reporting set out on pages 56-59 – the section describing the work of the audit committee does not appropriately
   address matters communicated by us to the audit committee; or
• Directors’ statement of compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code set out on pages 48-53 – the parts of the directors’
   statement required under the Listing Rules relating to the company’s compliance with the UK Corporate Governance Code containing
   provisions specified for review by the auditor in accordance with Listing Rule 9.8.10R(2) do not properly disclose a departure from a
   relevant provision of the UK Corporate Governance Code.

Opinions on other matters prescribed by the Companies Act 2006
In our opinion, the part of the directors’ remuneration report to be audited has been properly prepared in accordance with the
Companies Act 2006.
In our opinion, based on the work undertaken in the course of the audit:
• the information given in the strategic report and the directors’ report for the financial year for which the financial statements are
    prepared is consistent with the financial statements and those reports have been prepared in accordance with applicable legal
    requirements;
• the information about internal control and risk management systems in relation to financial reporting processes and about share
    capital structures, given in compliance with rules 7.2.5 and 7.2.6 in the Disclosure Rules and Transparency Rules sourcebook made
    by the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA Rules), is consistent with the financial statements and has been prepared in accordance
    with applicable legal requirements; and
• information about the company’s corporate governance code and practices and about its administrative, management and
    supervisory bodies and their committees complies with rules 7.2.2, 7.2.3 and 7.2.7 of the FCA Rules.

Matters on which we are required to report by exception
In the light of the knowledge and understanding of the group and the parent company and its environment obtained in the course of the
audit, we have not identified material misstatements in:
• the strategic report or the directors’ report; or
• the information about internal control and risk management systems in relation to financial reporting processes and about share
    capital structures, given in compliance with rules 7.2.5 and 7.2.6 of the FCA Rules

We have nothing to report in respect of the following matters in relation to which the Companies Act 2006 requires us to report to you if,
in our opinion:
• adequate accounting records have not been kept by the parent company, or returns adequate for our audit have not been received
    from branches not visited by us; or
• the parent company financial statements and the part of the Directors’ Remuneration Report to be audited are not in agreement with
    the accounting records and returns; or
• certain disclosures of directors’ remuneration specified by law are not made; or
• we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit
• a Corporate Governance Statement has not been prepared by the company
Responsibilities of directors
As explained more fully in the directors’ responsibilities statement set out on page 83, the directors are responsible for the preparation
of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the group and parent company’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
directors either intend to liquidate the group or the parent company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a
high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

Explanation as to what extent the audit was considered capable of detecting irregularities, including fraud
The objectives of our audit, in respect to fraud, are; to identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
due to fraud; to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the assessed risks of material misstatement due to fraud, through
designing and implementing appropriate responses; and to respond appropriately to fraud or suspected fraud identified during the audit.
However, the primary responsibility for the prevention and detection of fraud rests with both those charged with governance of the entity
and management.

Our approach was as follows:
• We obtained an understanding of the legal and regulatory frameworks that are applicable to the group and determined that the most
  significant frameworks are those which are directly relevant to the specific assertions in the financial statements (IFRS, FRS 101, the
  Companies Act 2006 and UK Corporate Governance Code) and the relevant tax compliance regulations in the jurisdictions in which
  the group operates. In addition, we concluded that there are certain significant laws and regulations which may have an effect on the
92     AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT CONTINUED

     determination of the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements being the Listing Rules of the UK Listing Authority, and
     those laws and regulations relating to occupational health and safety and data protection.
•    We understood how AVEVA Group plc is complying with those frameworks by making enquiries of management and legal counsel,
     oversight of those charged with governance (i.e. considering the potential for override of controls or other inappropriate influence over
     the financial reporting process, such as efforts by management to manage earnings in order to influence the perceptions of analysts
     as to the entity’s performance and profitability), the culture of honesty and ethical behaviour and whether a strong emphasis is
     placed on fraud prevention, which may reduce opportunities for fraud to take place, and fraud deterrence, which could persuade
     individuals not to commit fraud because of the likelihood of detection and punishment.
•    We assessed the susceptibility of the group’s financial statements to material misstatement, including how fraud might occur by
     meeting with management from various parts of the business to understand where it considered there was susceptibility to fraud.
     We also considered performance targets and their influence on efforts made by management to manage earnings or influence the
     perceptions of analysts. We considered the programs and controls that the group has established to address risks identified, or that
     otherwise prevent, deter and detect fraud; and how senior management monitors those programs and controls. Where the risk was
     considered to be higher, we performed audit procedures to address each identified fraud risk. These procedures included testing
     manual journals and review of accounting estimates and judgements and were designed to provide reasonable assurance that the
     financial statements were free from fraud or error.
•    Based on this understanding we designed our audit procedures to identify non-compliance with such laws and regulations. Our
     procedures involved management enquiries, review of legal correspondences, journal entry testing, and full and specific scope
     management.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located on the Financial Reporting Council’s
website at https://www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

Other matters we are required to address
We were appointed by the company on 11 July 2018 to audit the financial statements for the year ending 31 March 2019 and subsequent
financial periods.
The period of total uninterrupted engagement including previous renewals and reappointments is 17 years, covering the years ending
31 March 2003 to 31 March 2019.
• The non-audit services prohibited by the FRC’s Ethical Standard were not provided to the group or the parent company and we
   remain independent of the group and the parent company in conducting the audit.
• The audit opinion is consistent with the additional report to the audit committee
Use of our report
This report is made solely to the company’s members, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 of the Companies Act 2006.
Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might state to the company’s members those matters we are required to state to them in
an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone
other than the company and the company’s members as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.




Marcus Butler (Senior statutory auditor)
for and on behalf of Ernst & Young LLP, Statutory Auditor
London
29 May 2019


Notes:
1 The maintenance and integrity of the AVEVA Group plc web site is the responsibility of the directors; the work carried out by the auditors does not involve consideration of
   these matters and, accordingly, the auditors accept no responsibility for any changes that may have occurred to the financial statements since they were initially presented
   on the web site.
2 Legislation in the United Kingdom governing the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.
                                                                   Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements      93




CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
for the year ended 31 March 2019

                                                                                                                                2018
                                                                                                                 2019             £m
                                                                                                   Notes           £m      (restated)

Revenue                                                                                             3,4        766.6         486.3
Cost of sales                                                                                                 (193.2)       (150.8)
Gross Profit                                                                                                   573.4        335.5
Operating Expenses
Research & Development costs                                                                                  (178.0)       (116.3)
Selling and administrative expenses                                                                   5       (341.9)       (181.3)
Net impairment loss on financial assets                                                                         (6.3)          (1.2)
Total operating expenses                                                                                      (526.2)      (298.8)
Profit from operations                                                                                6         47.2             36.7
Other income                                                                                                       –              1.0
Finance revenue                                                                                     3,8          0.2              0.5
Finance expense                                                                                       9         (0.7)            (3.7)
Profit before tax from continuing operations                                                                    46.7             34.5
Income tax (expense)/credit                                                                          11        (12.9)             6.0
Profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the parent                                                33.8             40.5


Profit from operations                                                                                          47.2             36.7
Amortisation of intangibles (excluding other software)                                                          88.1             45.2
Share-based payments                                                                                            11.2              1.4
Loss on fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts                                                         0.5              0.1
Exceptional items                                                                                     7         28.9             23.6
Other income                                                                                                       –              1.0
Adjusted EBIT                                                                                                  175.9        108.0


Earnings per share (pence)
– basic                                                                                              13        20.97        39.92
– diluted                                                                                            13        20.90        39.72

All activities relate to continuing activities.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Consolidated income statement.
94   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
for the year ended 31 March 2019

                                                                                                                           2018
                                                                                                              2019           £m
                                                                                                      Notes     £m    (restated)

Profit for the year                                                                                           33.8       40.5
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
Exchange gain/(loss) arising on translation of foreign operations                                              8.4      (15.5)
Total of items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods                                8.4      (15.5)
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
Remeasurement loss on defined benefit plans                                                            29     (0.5)       (2.4)
Deferred tax effect                                                                                   11(a)   (0.4)        1.5
Total of items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods                          (0.9)       (0.9)
Total comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                                           41.3       24.1

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
                                                                    Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements      95




CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
31 March 2019

                                                                                                                     2018         2017
                                                                                                     2019              £m           £m
                                                                                       Notes           £m       (restated)   (restated)

Non-current assets
Goodwill                                                                                 15      1,285.3       1,283.5         42.4
Other intangible assets                                                                  16        599.5         678.8        199.0
Property, plant and equipment                                                            17         17.1          14.8          8.7
Deferred tax assets                                                                      28         11.8           9.0          2.1
Other receivables                                                                        20          2.2           1.2            –
Retirement benefit surplus                                                               29          7.1           5.6            –
Financial assets                                                                                       –             –          1.6
                                                                                                 1,923.0       1,992.9        253.8
Current assets
Inventories                                                                                          0.8           0.9          1.0
Trade and other receivables                                                              20        237.9         230.4        171.4
Contract assets                                                                           3        100.5          67.6         72.7
Treasury deposits                                                                        21          0.6           0.2            –
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                21        127.2         105.6         22.4
Financial assets                                                                         19            –           0.5            –
Current tax assets                                                                                  10.8          11.1          5.2
                                                                                                   477.8         416.3        272.7
Total assets                                                                                     2,400.8       2,409.2        526.5
Equity
Issued share capital                                                                   31(a)         5.7           5.7          2.3
Share premium                                                                                      574.5         574.5         27.3
Other reserves                                                                         31(b)     1,178.8       1,179.4         (4.2)
Retained earnings                                                                                  165.5         195.1        181.1
Total equity                                                                                     1,924.5       1,954.7        206.5
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                 22        156.8         147.2        129.2
Contract liabilities                                                                      3        174.6         141.7         96.0
Loans and borrowings                                                                     23            –          10.0            –
Financial liabilities                                                                    24          0.1             –          1.9
Provisions                                                                               25          1.9             –            –
Current tax liabilities                                                                             12.8          12.1          8.6
                                                                                                   346.2         311.0        235.7
Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 28        111.3         130.5            75.7
Other liabilities                                                                                    3.1           2.2             3.4
Provisions                                                                               25          2.6             –               –
Retirement benefit obligations                                                           29         13.1          10.8             5.2
                                                                                                   130.1         143.5            84.3
Total equity and liabilities                                                                     2,400.8       2,409.2        526.5

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Consolidated balance sheet.

The financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors and authorised for issue on 29 May 2019. They were signed on its
behalf by:




Philip Aiken                         Craig Hayman                         Company number
Chairman                             Chief Executive Officer              2937296
96   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
31 March 2019
                                                                                      Other reserves
                                                                   Cumulative         Capital       Capital     Reverse
                                  Share       Share     Merger     translation   contribution   redemption    acquisition   Treasury   Total other   Retained       Total
                                 capital   premium      reserve   adjustments        reserve        reserve      reserve      shares     reserves    earnings      equity
                         Notes      £m          £m          £m             £m             £m            £m            £m         £m            £m         £m          £m

At 1 April 2017                    2.3       27.3            –         25.4                –             –       (29.4)        (0.2)        (4.2)    146.6       172.0
Impact of change in
 accounting polices                   –          –           –             –               –             –             –          –             –      34.5       34.5
Restated balance as
 at 1 April 2017                   2.3       27.3            –         25.4                –             –       (29.4)        (0.2)        (4.2)    181.1       206.5
Profit for the year                  –          –            –            –                –             –           –            –            –      40.5        40.5
Other comprehensive
 income                               –          –           –        (15.5)               –             –             –          –       (15.5)        (0.9)     (16.4)
Total comprehensive
  income                              –          –           –        (15.5)               –             –             –          –       (15.5)       39.6        24.1
Shares issued to
  acquire the
  Schneider Electric
  software business       31       3.4     548.9      1,265.6              –               –             –             –          –    1,265.6             –    1,817.9
Issue and redemption
  of B shares             31          –          –     (650.0)             –               –       101.7               –          –     (548.3)            –    (548.3)
Recognition of reverse
  acquisition reserve
  on combination          31          –          –           –             –               –             –      481.9             –      481.9             –     481.9
Transaction costs                     –       (1.7)          –             –               –             –          –             –          –             –       (1.7)
Share-based
  payments                30          –          –           –             –               –             –             –          –             –       1.2         1.2
Investment in own
  shares                  31          –          –           –             –               –             –             –      (0.3)         (0.3)          –       (0.3)
Transactions with
  Schneider Electric                  –          –           –             –               –             –             –          –             –     (26.8)      (26.8)
Cost of employee
  benefit trust shares
  issued to employees     31          –          –           –             –               –             –             –       0.2           0.2           –        0.2
At 31 March 2018                   5.7     574.5       615.6            9.9                –       101.7        452.5         (0.3) 1,179.4          195.1      1,954.7
Profit for the year                  –         –           –              –                –           –            –            –        –           33.8         33.8
Other comprehensive
 income                               –          –           –          8.4                –             –             –          –          8.4       (0.9)        7.5
Total comprehensive
  income                              –          –           –          8.4                –             –             –          –          8.4       32.9        41.3
Share-based
  payments                30          –          –           –             –               –             –             –          –             –      11.2       11.2
Tax arising on share
  options                             –          –           –             –               –             –             –          –             –       1.3         1.3
Investment in own
  shares                  31          –          –           –             –              –              –             –      (9.3)         (9.3)          –       (9.3)
Capital contribution                  –          –           –             –            0.1              –             –         –           0.1           –        0.1
Transactions with
  Schneider Electric                  –          –           –             –               –             –             –          –             –      (8.8)       (8.8)
Cost of employee
  benefit trust shares
  issued to employees     31          –          –           –             –               –             –             –       0.2           0.2        (0.2)         –
Equity dividends          12          –          –           –             –               –             –             –         –             –      (66.0)      (66.0)
At 31 March 2019                   5.7     574.5       615.6          18.3              0.1       101.7         452.5         (9.4) 1,178.8          165.5 1,924.5

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity. Details of other reserves
are contained in note 31.
                                                                    Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements       97




CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
for the year ended 31 March 2019

                                                                                                                  2019           2018
                                                                                                                    £m             £m
                                                                                                    Notes                   (restated)

Cash flows from operating activities
Profit for the year                                                                                              33.8             40.5
Income tax expense/(credit)                                                                         11(a)        12.9             (6.0)
Net finance expense                                                                                  8, 9         0.5               3.2
Other income                                                                                                        –               0.5
Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                      16        88.8             46.4
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                          17         5.4               3.2
Impairment and loss on disposal of intangible assets                                                6, 16           –             14.9
Loss/(Profit) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                              6         0.1              (1.8)
Share-based payments                                                                                   30        11.2               1.2
Difference between pension contributions paid and amounts charged to operating profit                             0.1              (1.3)
Research & Development expenditure tax credit                                                                    (2.0)            (0.3)
Capitalisation of Research & Development costs                                                                      –             (9.9)
Changes in working capital:
Trade and other receivables                                                                                     (51.4)        (28.4)
Trade and other payables                                                                                         69.2          28.9
Changes to fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts                                                       0.5           0.1
Cash generated from operating activities before tax                                                             169.1          91.2
Income taxes paid                                                                                               (32.4)        (28.6)
Net cash generated from operating activities                                                                    136.7             62.6
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                             17          (7.4)       (4.9)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                         16         (0.2)         (1.2)
Cash received on acquisition of business                                                                             –       132.2
Consideration paid on completion of business combination                                              32        (19.4)            –
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                              –          3.3
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets                                                                          –          3.1
Purchase of treasury deposits                                                                                    (0.4)            –
Interest received                                                                                      8           0.2          0.5
Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities                                                               (27.2)      133.0
Cash flows from financing activities
Interest paid                                                                                          9         (0.7)          (3.5)
Purchase of own shares                                                                                           (9.3)             –
Repayment of/(proceeds from) borrowings                                                               23        (10.0)          10.0
Change in funding with related parties                                                                              –          (18.1)
Return of value to shareholders                                                                                     –        (100.0)
Transaction costs on issue of shares                                                                                –           (1.7)
Dividends paid to shareholders of the parent                                                          12        (66.0)             –
Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                                     (86.0)       (113.3)
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                        23.5             82.3
Net foreign exchange difference                                                                                  (1.9)             0.9
Opening cash and cash equivalents                                                                     21        105.6             22.4
Closing cash and cash equivalents                                                                     21        127.2        105.6

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Consolidated cash flow statement.
98   AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1 Corporate information
AVEVA Group plc is a public limited company incorporated and domiciled in the United Kingdom. The address of the registered office is
given on the inside back cover. AVEVA Group plc’s shares are publicly traded on the Official List of the London Stock Exchange. The
parent Company financial statements of AVEVA Group plc are included on pages 126 to 130.

2 Key accounting policies
Explained below are the key accounting policies of the Group. The full Statement of Group Accounting Policies is included on pages 131
to 136.

a) Basis of preparation
The accounting policies which follow set out those policies which apply in preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 March
2019. The Consolidated financial statements are presented in Pounds Sterling (£) and all values are rounded to the nearest £0.1m (2018:
£’000) except when otherwise indicated. The change in presentation to £0.1m has been made to reflect the increasing size of the
business.

The Consolidated financial statements of AVEVA Group plc and all its subsidiaries (the Group) have been prepared in accordance with
IFRS, as adopted by the European Union, as they apply to the financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2019.

For the year ended 31 March 2019, the consolidated financial statements comprise the results of both Schneider Electric industrial
software business (hereafter referred to as ‘SES’) and the AVEVA Group for the full financial year. For the year ended 31 March 2018, the
consolidated financial statements comprise the results of the SES for the full year, and the results of the AVEVA Group from 1 March
2018, the date of the reverse acquisition (hereafter referred to as the ‘Combination’). For the year ended 31 March 2018, in accordance
with IFRS 3, the financial statements were prepared as a reverse acquisition of AVEVA Group by SES. Therefore, although the
consolidated financial statements were issued in the name of AVEVA Group plc, the legal acquirer, the Group’s activity is in substance
the continuation of the financial information of SES.

b) Revenue
The Group generates its revenue principally through the supply of:
• Initial and perpetual licence fees
• Support and maintenance fees, including mandatory annual fees
• Rental and subscription licences; and
• Training and services
Revenue is recognised upon transfer of control of the promised software and/or services to customers. The Group enters into contracts
which can include combinations of software licences, support and maintenance fees and other professional services, each of which is
capable of being distinct and usually accounted for as separate performance obligations. Where there are multiple performance
obligations, revenue is measured at the value of the expected consideration received in exchange for the services, allocated by the
relative stand-alone selling prices of each of the performance obligations.

Initial and perpetual licence fees
Customers are charged an initial or perpetual licence fee for on-premises software which is usually limited by a set number of users or
seats. Initial and perpetual licences provide the customer with the right to use the software and are distinct from other services. Revenue
is recognised at a point in time when the contract is agreed and the software is made available to the customer.

Annual licence fees and support and maintenance fees
Customers that have purchased an initial licence pay obligatory annual fees each year. Annual fees consist of the continuing right to use,
and support and maintenance, which includes core product upgrades and enhancements, and remote support services. Users must
continue to pay annual fees in order to maintain the right to use the software. Customers that have purchased a perpetual licence have
the option to pay for support and maintenance. Revenue is recognised over time on a straight-line basis over the period of the contract,
which is typically 12 months.

Rental and subscription licences
The Group offers a number of rental and subscription models for a non-cancellable term of between one month and five years. Rentals
consist of two separate components, a software licence and support and maintenance, which are two distinct performance obligations.
The software licence is a right to use licence which is recognised at a point in time when the contract is agreed and the software is made
available to the customer. The support and maintenance element is recognised on a straight-line basis over the rental period.

Subscriptions are agreements with customers to provide access to software through a hosted solution. The software, maintenance and
support and hosting elements are not distinct performance obligations, and represent a combined service provided to the customer.
Revenue is recognised as the service is provided to the customer on a straight-line basis over the subscription period.

Training and services
Services consist primarily of consultancy, implementation services and training. Revenue from these services is recognised as the
services are performed by reference to the costs incurred as a proportion of the total estimated costs of the service project.
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements           99




If an arrangement includes both licence and service elements, an assessment is made as to whether the licence element is distinct in the
context of the contract, based on whether the services provided significantly modifies or customises the base product. Where it is
concluded that a licence is distinct, the licence element is recognised as a separate performance obligation. In all other cases, revenue
from both licence and service elements is recognised when control is deemed to have passed to the customer.

Revenue from short-term one-off contracts is recognised when the service is complete.

c) Adoption of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts
The Group has adopted IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers from 1 April 2018, using the full retrospective method. This has
resulted in changes in accounting policies and adjustments to the amounts recognised in the financial statements.

i) Rendering of services – transfer of control
Under IAS 18, revenue from sales of initial licences, perpetual licences and the initial software delivery element of rental/term licences
was recognised upon delivery. Delivery occurred when the customer had access to the intellectual property described in the contract. In
some limited circumstances, AVEVA recognised revenue from a rental/term licence agreement rateably over the contract period. This
assessment was based on whether AVEVA could reliably estimate the maintenance and support element of the contract.

Under IFRS 15, revenue is recognised when a customer obtains control of the services. All distinct performance obligations relating to
licences for software are considered to be ‘right to use’ and are transferred to the customer at a ‘point in time’. Therefore, under IFRS 15,
all revenue from software licences which are distinct performance obligations are recognised at a ‘point in time’ and not ‘over time’. This
results in an acceleration of the recognition in revenue for certain contracts and revenue streams.

The effect on the income statement for the year ended 31 March 2018 has been to reduce revenue by £10.4m, and profit after tax by
£5.2m.

ii) Providing extended payment terms to customers
Under IAS 18, where AVEVA provided a customer with extended payment terms, the revenue was deferred until the consideration was
due in accordance with the contract. Under IFRS 15, all the contractual payments are included in the transaction price and allocated to
the performance obligations at the start of the contract, to the extent that collectability is considered probable. Where the performance
obligation has already been satisfied, this has resulted in revenue being recognised at an earlier point under IFRS 15.

The effect on the income statement for the year ended 31 March 2018 has been to reduce revenue and profit after tax by £0.1m.

iii) Stand-alone selling prices
Revenue from contracts with separately-identifiable components (multiple-element arrangements) were previously recognised based on
the relative fair value of the components. Under IFRS 15, the total consideration of a customer arrangement is allocated based on their
relative stand-alone selling prices. Stand-alone selling prices are determined based on list prices (with standard discounts where
appropriate), the adjusted market assessment approach and the residual approach.

The effect on the income statement for the year ended 31 March 2018 has been to reduce revenue by £2.3m, and profit after tax by
£1.8m.

The full restatements made to the amounts recognised in the primary statements as a result of the adoption of IFRS 15 are summarised
in note 33.

d) Non-GAAP measures
The Group presents the non-GAAP performance measure ‘adjusted earnings before interest and tax (EBIT)’ on the face of the
Consolidated income statement. This has been changed from adjusted profit before tax in order to better align with peers and because
the Directors believe that the adjusted earnings measure presented provides the most reliable and consistent presentation of the
underlying performance of the Group. Adjusted EBIT is not defined by IFRS and therefore may not be directly comparable with the
adjusted EBIT measures of other companies.

The business is managed and measured on a day to day basis using adjusted results. To arrive at adjusted results, certain adjustments
are made for normalised and exceptional items that are individually important and which could, if included, distort the understanding of
the performance for the year and the comparability between periods.

Normalised items
These are recurring items which management considers to have a distorting effect on the underlying results of the Group, and are
non-cash items.

These items relate to amortisation of intangibles (excluding other software), share-based payment charges, and fair value adjustments
on financial derivatives, although other types of recurring items may arise. Recurring items are adjusted each year irrespective of
materiality to ensure consistent treatment.

Exceptional items
These are items which are non-recurring and are identified by virtue of either their size or their nature. These items can include, but are
not restricted to, the costs of significant restructuring exercises, fees associated with business combinations and costs incurred in
integrating acquired companies. Exceptional items are discussed further in note 7.
100 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

2 Key accounting policies continued
e) Significant accounting judgements
Allocation of goodwill
The unallocated carrying value of the goodwill arising from the reverse acquisition of the AVEVA business by SES has been allocated to
the appropriate cash generating units. The two businesses were largely integrated on a regional basis shortly after the completion of the
merger, and judgement was applied in the conclusion that Asia Pacific, EMEA and Americas are the smallest identifiable groups of
assets that generate cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. The allocation
was performed by applying the respective proportions of the cumulative return based on the value in use model of aggregated
discounted cash flows. The results of this allocation are set out in note 15.

f) Significant accounting estimates
Revenue recognition
The assessments and estimates used by the Group for revenue recognition could have a significant impact on the amount and timing of
revenue recognised.

Revenue from sales of software licences when these are combined with the delivery of significant implementation or customisation
services is recognised in line with the delivery of the services to the customer. This policy involves the assessment of which customer
projects include significant customisation or implementation and also an assessment of the stage of completion of such projects.

The fair value estimate of the element of a customer rental fee attributable to the continuing right to use, and to customer support and
maintenance, is reviewed periodically. On average, the element attributable to customer support and maintenance as a proportion of the
initial software delivery is 17-18%.

Provision for impairment of receivables
The Group provides against trade receivables using a lifetime expected credit loss allowance. Loss allowances are calculated using
historical account payment profiles and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced and adjusted for forward looking factors
specific to the debtor and the economic environment. In addition, provision for the impairment of receivables is made on a customer-
specific basis. The determination of the appropriate level of provision involves an estimate of the potential risk of default or non-payment
by the Group’s customers and management considers a number of factors, including the financial strength of the customers, the level of
default that the Group has suffered in the past, the age of the receivable outstanding and the Group’s trading experience with that
customer. The provision for impairment of receivables at 31 March 2019 was £7.2m (2018: £1.8m). Details of the provision for impairment
of receivables, and sensitivity of the estimate, are contained in note 20.

Intangible assets
IFRS 3 requires the identification of acquired intangible assets as part of a business combination. The methods used to value such
intangible assets require the use of estimates including forecast performance and customer attrition rates. Future results are impacted
by the amortisation periods adopted and changes to the estimated useful lives would result in different effects on the income statement.

Goodwill is tested annually for impairment. Tests for impairment are based on discounted cash flows and assumptions (including
discount rates, timing and growth prospects) which are inherently subjective. Further details about the assumptions used and sensitivity
analysis performed are set out in note 15.

Retirement benefit obligations
The determination of the Group’s obligations and expense for defined benefit pensions is dependent on the selection, by the Board of
Directors, of assumptions used by the pension scheme actuary in calculating these amounts. The assumptions applied, together with
sensitivity analysis, are described in note 29 and include, amongst others, the discount rate, the inflation rate, rates of increase in salaries
and mortality rates. While the Directors consider that the assumptions are appropriate, significant differences in the actual experience or
significant changes in assumptions may materially affect the reported amount of the Group’s future pension obligations, actuarial gains
and losses included in the Consolidated statement of comprehensive income in future years and the future staff costs. The carrying
amount of retirement benefit obligations at 31 March 2019, net of surplus, was £6.0m (2018: £5.2m).

Impairment of assets
Goodwill arising on acquisition is allocated to cash-generating units expected to benefit from the combination’s synergies and represents
the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and generates cash flows, which are independent of
other cash-generating units. The recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
impairment annually or when events or changes in circumstance indicate that it might be impaired. The carrying values of property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets other than goodwill are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstance indicate
the carrying value may be impaired. If any such indication exists and where the carrying values exceed the estimated recoverable
amount, the assets or cash-generating units are written down to their recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the greater of net
selling price and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
post-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For an
asset that does not generate largely independent cash inflows, the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to
which the asset belongs. Impairment losses are recognised in the income statement in the selling and administrative expenses line item.
Further details about the assumptions used and sensitivity analysis performed in the impairment review are set out in note 15.
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements        101




3 Revenue
An analysis of the Group’s revenue is as follows:
                                                                                                                          2019           2018
                                                                                                                            £m             £m

Support and maintenance, including annual fees                                                                          194.4         133.5
Rental and subscriptions                                                                                                218.2          72.7
Initial fees and perpetual licences                                                                                     211.6         163.1
Training and services                                                                                                   142.4         117.0
                                                                                                                        766.6         486.3
Timing of revenue recognition
Services transferred at a point in time                                                                                 357.3         220.0
Services transferred over time                                                                                          409.3         266.3
                                                                                                                        766.6         486.3
Finance revenue                                                                                                            0.2            0.5
                                                                                                                        766.8         486.8

Training and services consists of consultancy, implementation services and training fees.

Contract balances are as below:

                                                                                                         31 March      31 March         1 April
                                                                                                             2019          2018          2017
                                                                                                               £m            £m            £m

Trade receivables                                                                                         174.9         146.9           64.5
Contract assets                                                                                           100.5          67.6           72.7
Contract liabilities                                                                                      174.6         141.7           96.0

A contract asset is recognised when the software licence performance obligation is satisfied, and therefore revenue recognised, but the
full licence amount has not been billed. This situation arises when customers purchase a multi-year rental or subscription which is billed
on an annual basis. When invoices are raised the contract assets are reclassified to trade receivables.

Contract liabilities are recognised when the customer is billed prior to the satisfaction of the performance obligation. This situation arises
when a contract includes post contractual support as part of a rental or subscription contract or a support and maintenance contract.
Post contractual support is a service transferred to the customer over time, with billing upfront or annually.

Set out below is the amount of revenue recognised from:

                                                                                                                                         2019
                                                                                                                                           £m

Amounts included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                                                                  127.6
Performance obligations satisfied in previous years                                                                                        –

The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as at 31 March are as
follows:

                                                                                                                                         2019
                                                                                                                                           £m

Within one year                                                                                                                       248.0
More than one year                                                                                                                    164.6
102 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

4 Segment information
The Executive Leadership Team monitors and appraises the business based on the performance of three geographic regions: Asia
Pacific; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA); and Americas. These three regions are the basis of the Group’s primary operating
segments reported in the financial statements. Performance is evaluated based on regional contribution using the same accounting
policies as adopted for the Group’s financial statements. There is no inter-segment revenue. Corporate costs include centralised functions
such as Executive Management, IT, Finance and Legal. Balance sheet information is not included in the information provided to the
Executive Leadership Team.

                                                                                                                     Year ended 31 March 2019
                                                                                          Asia Pacific           EMEA           Americas        Corporate               Total
                                                                                                  £m               £m                £m               £m                  £m

Revenue
Support and maintenance, including annual fees                                                 45.0              71.7             77.7                    –        194.4
Rental and subscriptions                                                                       49.4             107.2             61.6                    –        218.2
Initial fees and perpetual licences                                                            57.3              86.6             67.7                    –        211.6
Training and services                                                                          27.8              48.8             65.8                    –        142.4
Regional revenue total                                                                        179.5            314.3             272.8                –            766.6
Cost of sales                                                                                 (28.8)            (42.6)            (66.2)          (53.7)          (191.3)
Selling and administrative expenses                                                           (36.6)           (65.9)            (60.9)          (115.2)          (278.6)
Net impairment loss on financial assets                                                         (4.0)            (1.6)             (0.7)              –             (6.3)
Regional contribution                                                                         110.1            204.2             145.0           (168.9)           290.4
Research & Development costs                                                                                                                                      (114.5)
Adjusted EBIT                                                                                                                                                      175.9
Exceptional items, other normalised adjustments1 and net interest                                                                                                 (129.2)
Profit before tax                                                                                                                                                   46.7

1   Normalised adjustments include amortisation of intangible assets (excluding other software), share-based payments and movements on fair value of forward exchange
    contracts.


As the Combination of the two businesses completed so close to the end of the financial year, it was not possible to report cost data
between the three regions for the year ended 31 March 2018. Neither was it possible to consistently report the combined business on any
other segmental basis. Therefore, the segmental information provided has had to be limited to regional revenue only for the comparative
period.
                                                                                                                             Year ended 31 March 2018
                                                                                                            Asia Pacific           EMEA          Americas               Total
                                                                                                                    £m               £m               £m                  £m

Revenue
Support and maintenance, including annual fees                                                                   15.3             34.9             83.3            133.5
Rental and subscriptions                                                                                         18.0             39.1             15.6             72.7
Initial fees and perpetual licences                                                                              44.1             51.6             67.4            163.1
Training and services                                                                                            25.0             35.2             56.8            117.0
                                                                                                               102.4             160.8            223.1            486.3

Other segmental disclosures
The Company’s country of domicile is the UK. Revenue attributed to the UK and all foreign countries amounted to £31.5m and £735.1m
(2018: £11.3m and £475.0m) respectively. The USA accounted for 26.8% of the Group’s revenue (2018: 40.1%). No other individual
country accounted for more than 10% of the Group’s total revenue (2018: none). Revenue is allocated to countries on the basis of the
location of the customer. No single external customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue (2018: none).

Non-current assets (excluding deferred tax assets) held in the UK and all foreign countries amounted to £1,762.4m and £148.8m (2018:
£1,802.6m and £181.3m) respectively. There are material non-current assets (excluding deferred tax assets) located in the USA
amounting to £113.7m (2018: £158.0m). There are no material non-current assets located in any other individual country outside of the
UK and USA (2018: none).

5 Selling and administration expenses
An analysis of selling and administration expenses is set out below:
                                                                                                                                                        2019            2018
                                                                                                                                                          £m              £m

Selling and distribution expenses                                                                                                                 235.6            128.0
Administrative expenses                                                                                                                           106.3             53.3
                                                                                                                                                  341.9            181.3
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements      103




6 Profit from operations
Profit from operations is stated after charging:
                                                                                                                          2019          2018
                                                                                                                            £m            £m

Depreciation of owned property, plant and equipment                                                                       5.4           3.2
Amortisation of intangible assets:
– included in Research & Development costs                                                                              61.8           25.9
– included in selling and distribution expenses                                                                         26.3           19.4
– included in administrative expenses                                                                                    0.7             1.1
Staff costs                                                                                                            396.3          243.9
Operating lease rentals – minimum lease payments                                                                        16.7             9.7
Loss/(profit) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                               0.1            (1.8)
Impairment of intangible assets                                                                                            –           11.2
Loss on disposal of intangible assets                                                                                      –             3.7
Net foreign exchange losses                                                                                              0.5             1.0

During the year the Group (including its subsidiaries) obtained the following services from the Group’s auditor at costs as detailed below:

                                                                                                                          2019          2018
                                                                                                                            £m            £m

Fees payable to the Company auditor for the audit of parent Company and Consolidated financial statements                 0.9           1.5
Fees payable to the Company auditor and its associates for other services:
– the audit of the Company’s subsidiaries pursuant to legislation                                                         0.6           0.2
                                                                                                                          1.5           1.7

The figures above for the year ended 31 March 2018 represent the fees incurred in relation to SES, and fees for the AVEVA Group from
the date of the Combination, 1 March 2018. In the 11 months to 28 February 2018, the Group of which AVEVA Group plc was the parent
obtained services from the Group’s auditor at costs of £6,000 for tax, £30,000 for other assurance services pursuant to legislation, and
£1,200,000 for services related to the Combination.

7 Exceptional items
                                                                                                                          2019          2018
                                                                                                                            £m            £m

Acquisition and integration activities                                                                                   23.0           5.7
Restructuring costs                                                                                                       5.9           2.9
Impairment and loss on sale of capitalised R&D                                                                              –          15.0
                                                                                                                         28.9          23.6

Acquisition and integration activities relate to fees paid to professional advisers primarily for legal and financial due diligence services
related to the combination of AVEVA Group plc and SES, plus other consultancy costs paid to advisors in relation to the integration, and
provisions taken in relation to onerous leases. Details of provisions are contained in note 25.

The restructuring costs relate to severance payments in a number of global office locations. In the financial year ended 31 March 2018
this also included a divestment made by SES in China, which resulted in an exceptional write off of £0.9m. This was offset by an
exceptional gain of £1.9m made by selling the property relating to the same write off.

The impairment of capitalised R&D recognised in the year ended 31 March 2018 related to a development project that was ceased, prior
to completion, following a divestment of a Schneider Electric Software joint venture operation with Schneider Electric. Also included are
the previously capitalised development costs related to a project over which a commercial review of financial prospects was performed,
and it was concluded that the carrying value of the development costs should be fully impaired.

The total cash outflow during the year as a result of exceptional items was £18.9m (2018: £25.0m).

Exceptional items were included in the Consolidated income statement as follows:
                                                                                                                          2019          2018
                                                                                                                            £m            £m

Cost of sales                                                                                                             1.9            0.4
Research & Development costs                                                                                              1.7          15.5
Selling and distribution expenses                                                                                        12.6            2.8
Administrative expenses                                                                                                  12.7            5.9
Other income                                                                                                                –           (1.0)
                                                                                                                         28.9          23.6
104 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

8 Finance revenue
                                                                                                        2019     2018
                                                                                                          £m       £m

Bank interest receivable and other interest earned                                                      0.2      0.2
Interest receivable from related parties                                                                  –      0.3
                                                                                                        0.2      0.5

9 Finance expense
                                                                                                        2019     2018
                                                                                                          £m       £m

Net interest on pension scheme liabilities                                                              0.2      0.1
Bank interest payable and similar charges                                                               0.5      0.1
Interest payable to related parties                                                                       –      3.5
                                                                                                        0.7      3.7

10 Staff costs
Staff costs relating to employees (including Executive Directors) are shown below:
                                                                                                        2019     2018
                                                                                                          £m       £m

Wages and salaries                                                                                    339.5    209.6
Social security costs                                                                                  28.1     23.5
Pension costs                                                                                          17.5      9.4
Share-based payments                                                                                   11.2      1.4
                                                                                                      396.3    243.9

The average number of persons (including Executive Directors) employed by the Group was as follows:
                                                                                                        2019     2018
                                                                                                      Number   Number

Project delivery and customer support                                                                 1,780    1,438
Research, development and product support                                                             1,329      771
Sales and marketing                                                                                   1,001      497
Administration                                                                                          481      161
                                                                                                      4,591    2,867

Directors’ remuneration
The Directors of AVEVA Group plc received remuneration as follows:
                                                                                                        2019     2018
                                                                                                          £m       £m

Directors’ remuneration                                                                                10.4      1.8
Aggregate gains on the exercise of share options                                                          –      0.1
                                                                                                       10.4      1.9

                                                                                                        2019     2018
                                                                                                      Number   Number

Number of Directors accruing benefits under defined contributions                                         2        2
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements      105




11 Income tax expense
a) Tax on profit
The major components of income tax expense are as follows:
                                                                                                                         2019          2018
                                                                                                                           £m            £m

Tax charged in Consolidated income statement
Current tax
UK corporation tax                                                                                                       5.8            3.6
Foreign tax                                                                                                             29.8          35.1
Adjustments in respect of prior periods                                                                                 (0.5)          (1.1)
                                                                                                                        35.1           37.6
Deferred tax
Origination and reversal of temporary differences (note 28)                                                            (22.0)         (43.6)
Adjustments in respect of prior periods                                                                                 (0.2)             –
                                                                                                                       (22.2)         (43.6)
Total income tax expense/(credit) reported in Consolidated income statement                                             12.9           (6.0)

                                                                                                                         2019          2018
                                                                                                                           £m            £m

Tax relating to items charged directly to Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Deferred tax on actuarial remeasurements on retirement benefit obligation                                                0.4           (1.5)
Tax expense/(credit) reported in Consolidated statement of comprehensive income                                          0.4           (1.5)

b) Reconciliation of the total tax charge
The differences between the total tax charge shown above and the amount calculated by applying the standard rate of US (2018: UK)
corporation tax to the profit before tax are as follows:
                                                                                                                         2019          2018
                                                                                                                           £m            £m

Tax on Group profit before tax at standard US (2018: UK) corporation tax rate of 24% (2018: 19%)                        11.2            6.6
Effects of:
– expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                                                1.9            1.8
– US deferred tax rate benefit                                                                                              –         (23.7)
– R&D incentives                                                                                                         (4.1)         (0.9)
– irrecoverable withholding tax                                                                                           0.7            1.3
– movement on unprovided deferred tax balances                                                                            1.4            4.9
– differing tax rates                                                                                                     2.5            5.1
– adjustments in respect of prior years                                                                                  (0.7)          (1.1)
Income tax expense/(credit) reported in Consolidated income statement                                                   12.9           (6.0)

The Group’s effective tax rate for the year was: 27.6% (2018: -17.4%). The Group’s effective tax rate for the year before exceptional items
was 22.9% (2018: -7.9%). The Group’s effective tax rate before exceptional and other normalised adjustments (see note 7) was 20.2%
(2018: 30.5%).

12 Dividends paid and proposed on equity shares
The following dividends were declared, paid and proposed in relation to the legal entity AVEVA Group plc:

                                                                                                                         2019          2018
                                                                                                                           £m            £m

Declared and paid during the year
Interim 2018/19 dividend paid of 14.0 pence (2017/18: nil) per ordinary share                                           22.5              –
Final 2017/18 dividend paid of 27.0 pence (2016/17: 27.0 pence) per ordinary share                                      43.5           17.3
                                                                                                                        66.0           17.3
Proposed for approval by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting
Final proposed dividend 2018/19 of 29.0 pence (2017/18: 27.0 pence) per ordinary share                                  46.8          43.5

The proposed final dividend is subject to approval by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on 8 July 2019 and has not been
included as a liability in these financial statements. If approved at the Annual General Meeting, the final dividend will be paid on 2 August
2019 to shareholders on the register at the close of business on 5 July 2019.
106 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

13 Earnings per share
                                                                                                                                2019           2018
                                                                                                                               Pence          Pence

Earnings per share for the year:
– basic                                                                                                                       20.97          39.92
– diluted                                                                                                                     20.90          39.72
Adjusted earnings per share for the year1:
– basic                                                                                                                      91.24           71.78
– diluted                                                                                                                    90.90           71.42

1   Adjusted earnings per share has been calculated inclusive of the acquisition accounting adjustment to revenue.
                                                                                                                             2019              2018
                                                                                                                           Number            Number

Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic earnings per share                                              161.081,559       101,464,203
Effect of dilution: employee share options                                                                               589,978           514,438
Weighted average number of ordinary shares adjusted for the effect of dilution                                       161,671,537       101,978,641

The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on the net profit attributable to equity holders of the parent for the
year of £33.8m (2018: £40.5m). Basic earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to equity holders
of the parent by the weighted average number of AVEVA Group plc ordinary shares outstanding during the year. For the purpose of the
calculation, the number of shares prior to the Combination is considered to be 96,034,353. This is the number of AVEVA Group plc
ordinary shares as at 1 March 2018, adjusted by the exchange ratio of the Combination.

Diluted earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to equity holders of the parent by the weighted
average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year as described above, plus the weighted average number of ordinary
shares that would be issued on the conversion of all the potentially dilutive share options into ordinary shares for the year ended
31 March 2019, and the period from 1 March 2018 to 31 March 2018. Details of the terms and conditions of share options are provided in
note 30.

Details of the calculation of adjusted earnings per share are set out below:
                                                                                                                                2019           2018
                                                                                                                                  £m             £m

Profit after tax for the year                                                                                                  33.8           40.5
Intangible amortisation (excluding software)                                                                                   88.1           45.2
Share-based payments                                                                                                           11.2             1.4
Loss on fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts                                                                        0.5             0.1
Exceptional items                                                                                                              28.9           23.6
Effect of acquisition accounting adjustments                                                                                    8.6               –
Tax effect on exceptional items                                                                                                (4.4)           (1.4)
Tax effect on other normalised adjustments (excluding net finance expense)                                                    (18.1)         (36.6)
Tax effect on acquisition accounting adjustments                                                                               (1.6)              –
Adjusted profit after tax                                                                                                     147.0           72.8

The denominators used are the same as those detailed above for both basic and diluted earnings per share.

The adjustment made to profit after tax in calculating adjusted basic and diluted earnings per share has been adjusted for the tax effects
of the items adjusted. The Directors believe that adjusted earnings per share is more representative of the underlying performance of the
business.

14 Business combinations
On 1 March 2018 AVEVA Group plc acquired SES. For accounting purposes, this was treated as a reverse acquisition under IFRS 3:
Business Combinations, being the acquisition of AVEVA Group plc by SES. The AVEVA Group is fully consolidated in the financial
statements with effect from 1 March 2018, and all financial results prior to this date are for SES only.

At the end of the previous reporting period, the acquisition accounting was provisionally determined. This has been finalised in the
current year, as part of the measurement period permitted by IFRS 3.
                                                                      Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements        107




The following table shows the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed of AVEVA Group at the acquisition
date.
                                                                                                 Carrying value at    Fair value
                                                                                                       acquisition   adjustment    Fair value
                                                                                                               £m            £m           £m

Intangible assets                                                                                             –         551.4        551.4
Property plant and equipment                                                                                6.7             –           6.7
Other receivables                                                                                           3.2             –           3.2
Retirement benefit surplus                                                                                  4.3             –           4.3
Trade and other receivables                                                                               76.7              –          76.7
Contract assets                                                                                           14.1              –          14.1
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                132.4              –        132.4
Financial liabilities                                                                                   (100.0)             –       (100.0)
Financial assets                                                                                            0.5             –           0.5
Trade and other payables                                                                                 (43.5)             –        (43.5)
Contract liabilities                                                                                     (40.8)           9.2         (31.6)
Current tax                                                                                               10.1              –          10.1
Deferred tax                                                                                               (1.3)        (94.0)       (95.3)
Retirement benefit obligations                                                                            (3.6)             –          (3.6)
Net assets acquired                                                                                        58.8        466.6         525.4
Goodwill                                                                                                                           1,244.6
Total consideration                                                                                                                1,770.0

The total consideration of £1,770.0m is split between £1,198.2m of equity consideration, a £550.0m cash payment, £3.4m being the fair
value of the pre-acquisition cost relating to 697,240 outstanding share options acquired on 28 February 2018, and £18.4m subsequent
completion accounts adjustments determined during the measurement period. The equity consideration was calculated by multiplying
the 64,037,660 AVEVA Group plc shares deemed to be acquired by Schneider Electric (in exchange for £550m and SES) by the ex-
dividend share price of the AVEVA Group plc ordinary shares on 28 February 2018, adjusted for the value per share of the Return of
Value.

The main factors leading to the recognition of goodwill are the value of the assembled AVEVA Group workforce and the future synergy
benefits expected to arise from integrating the two combined businesses.

All associated transaction costs were expensed and are included in administrative expenses and more details of these are included in
note 7. The attributable costs of the issuance of the shares of £1.7m were charged directly to equity as a reduction in share premium in
the year to 31 March 2018.

The revenue and profit included in the consolidated statement of income for the period 1 March 2018 to 31 March 2018 contributed by
AVEVA were £42.7m and £15.0m respectively. If the acquisition had occurred on 1 April 2017, the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income for the year to 31 March 2018 would have presented revenue of £704.6m and profit after tax of £66.0m (at an
effective tax rate of -2%).

On 17 April 2019, the Group completed the acquisition of the software assets of MaxGrip, a pioneer in optimising asset performance with
Reliability Centred Maintenance (RCM) solutions. The cash consideration paid was €25m. Given the proximity to year end, the acquisition
accounting has not yet been completed.

15 Goodwill
                                                                                                                           2019        2018
                                                                                                                             £m          £m

At 1 April                                                                                                           1,283.5          42.4
Acquisitions                                                                                                               –       1,244.6
Exchange adjustment                                                                                                      1.8          (3.5)
At 31 March                                                                                                          1,285.3       1,283.5
108 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

15 Goodwill continued
Goodwill impairment tests
The following table shows the allocation of the carrying value of goodwill at the end of the year by cash generating unit.

                                                                                                                        2019          2018
                                                                                                                          £m            £m

Asia Pacific                                                                                                          282.9           –
EMEA                                                                                                                  615.1         7.1
Americas                                                                                                              387.3        31.3
Unallocated at 31 March                                                                                                   –     1,245.1
                                                                                                                    1,285.3     1,283.5

Unallocated goodwill at 31 March 2018 related to goodwill arising on the reverse acquisition of AVEVA Group plc by SES as detailed in
note 14. The allocation has been performed for the year ended 31 March 2019, being the first annual period beginning after the
acquisition date.

The carrying value of goodwill allocated to the EMEA and Americas CGUs as at 31 March 2018 relates to acquisitions made by SES in
previous financial years.

The Group tests goodwill annually for impairment or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill might be impaired. Goodwill
acquired in a business combination is allocated to the cash generating units (CGUs) that are expected to benefit from that business
combination. In 2018/19 the goodwill impairment testing was carried out on a value in use (VIU) basis using the most recently approved
management budgets for the year ended 31 March 2020 together with the most recent three-year business plan extrapolated to a
duration of five years in total. Projected cash flows beyond five years have been assumed at the long-term growth rate for that region
and these have been used to formulate a terminal value for the discounted cash flow calculation.

Key assumptions
The key assumptions in the most recent annual budget on which the cash flow projections are based relate to discount rates, long-term
growth rates and operating margins.

The cash flow projections have been discounted using the Group’s post-tax weighted average cost of capital adjusted for the country
and market risk. Long-term growth rates used are assumed to be equal to the long-term growth rate in the gross domestic product of the
region in which the CGU operates. CGU operating margin is based on past results.

                                                                                                                     Discount    Long-term
                                                                                                                         Rate   growth rate

Asia Pacific                                                                                                         11.9%         1.7%
EMEA                                                                                                                  9.6%         1.9%
Americas                                                                                                              9.8%         1.9%

Summary of results
During the year all goodwill was tested for impairment, with no impairment charge resulting.

As the VIU is most sensitive to a change in the discount rate and long-term growth rate, the Directors have considered combinations of a
reduction in the long-term growth rate and an increase in the discount rate and concluded that no reasonably foreseeable changes in key
assumptions would result in an impairment of goodwill, such is the margin by which the estimate exceeds the carrying value.
                                                                             Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements      109




16 Intangible assets
                                                                Purchased                                                    Capitalised
                                Developed                        brand and          Other       Purchased     Favourable   Research and
                               technology          Customer    trademarks        software   software rights       leases   Development       Total
                                      £m    relationships £m            £m            £m                £m           £m              £m        £m

Cost
At 1 April 2017                   157.7              92.4          29.5              7.8           15.6              –           50.9      353.9
Additions                              –                –             –              0.8             0.4             –             9.9       11.1
Acquisitions                           –            151.5          76.0                –          309.0           14.9               –     551.4
Disposals                              –                –             –             (1.1)              –             –           (8.9)      (10.0)
Exchange adjustment                (17.2)            (9.7)         (3.2)            (0.8)           (1.4)            –            (4.4)    (36.7)
At 31 March 2018                 140.5             234.2          102.3              6.7          323.6           14.9            47.5     869.7
Additions                            –                 –              –              0.2              –              –               –        0.2
Disposals                            –              (0.3)             –                –           (0.3)             –           (11.4)     (12.0)
Exchange adjustment               10.6               6.2            2.0              0.1            1.1              –             1.8       21.8
At 31 March 2019                 151.1             240.1         104.3               7.0          324.4           14.9            37.9     879.7
Amortisation and
 impairment
At 1 April 2017                    63.1               41.0          11.8             4.7              8.5             –          25.8      154.9
Charge for the year                18.6               11.1           3.7             1.1              4.5           0.1            7.3       46.4
Impairment                             –                 –             –               –                –             –          11.2        11.2
Disposals                              –                 –             –            (0.8)               –             –           (2.4)      (3.2)
Exchange adjustment                 (7.9)             (4.7)         (1.5)           (0.6)            (0.7)            –          (3.0)      (18.4)
At 31 March 2018                   73.8              47.4           14.0            4.4             12.3            0.1           38.9     190.9
Charge for the year                18.7              22.5            3.3            0.7             39.5            0.5            3.6       88.8
Disposals                             –              (0.3)             –              –             (0.3)             –          (11.4)     (12.0)
Exchange adjustment                 5.7               3.8            1.1            0.1              0.3              –            1.5       12.5
                                   98.2              73.4          18.4             5.2             51.8           0.6           32.6      280.2
Net book value
At 31 March 2017                   94.6              51.4           17.7             3.1               7.1            –           25.1     199.0
At 31 March 2018                   66.7            186.8           88.3             2.3            311.3          14.8             8.6     678.8
At 31 March 2019                   52.9            166.7           85.9             1.8           272.6           14.3             5.3     599.5

For the purposes of the adjusted earnings per share calculation (note 13), intangible asset amortisation excludes the charge relating to
other software of £0.7m (2018: £1.1m).
110 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

17 Property, plant and equipment
                                                                       Long leasehold                Fixtures, fittings
                                                                         buildings and    Computer          and office      Motor
                                                                        improvements     equipment         equipment      vehicles                 Total
                                                                                    £m         £m                   £m         £m                    £m

Cost
At 1 April 2017                                                                  7.1         17.1                5.6         0.1              29.9
Additions                                                                        0.3          2.7                1.3         0.6               4.9
Acquisitions                                                                     2.6          2.4                1.5         0.3               6.8
Disposals                                                                       (1.6)        (3.3)              (0.1)          –              (5.0)
Exchange adjustment                                                             (0.4)        (1.7)              (0.7)       (0.1)             (2.9)
At 31 March 2018                                                                 8.0        17.2                 7.6         0.9               33.7
Additions                                                                        1.6         4.9                 0.6         0.3                7.4
Disposals                                                                          –        (1.1)               (0.2)       (0.1)              (1.4)
Exchange adjustment                                                              0.2         0.7                 0.4           –                1.3
At 31 March 2019                                                                 9.8        21.7                 8.4         1.1              41.0
Depreciation
At 1 April 2017                                                                  3.8        13.3                 4.0         0.1               21.2
Charge for the year                                                              0.4          1.9                0.8         0.1                3.2
Disposals                                                                       (0.4)       (3.0)               (0.1)          –               (3.5)
Exchange adjustment                                                             (0.3)        (1.3)              (0.4)          –               (2.0)
At 31 March 2018                                                                 3.5        10.9                 4.3         0.2              18.9
Charge for the year                                                              1.0          3.2                0.9         0.3                5.4
Disposals                                                                          –         (1.0)              (0.2)       (0.1)              (1.3)
Exchange adjustment                                                              0.1          0.5                0.3           –                0.9
At 31 March 2019                                                                 4.6        13.6                 5.3         0.4              23.9
Net book value
At 31 March 2017                                                                 3.3          3.8                 1.6           –                  8.7
At 31 March 2018                                                                 4.5          6.3                3.3         0.7              14.8
At 31 March 2019                                                                 5.2          8.1                3.1         0.7               17.1


18 Investments
The Group consists of a parent company, AVEVA Group plc, incorporated in the UK, and a number of subsidiaries held directly or
indirectly by AVEVA Group plc, which operate and are incorporated around the world, each contributing to the Group’s profits, assets
and cash flows.

The Group’s percentage of equity capital and voting rights is 100%.

The results of all subsidiaries have been consolidated in these financial statements.

At 31 March 2019 the Group held the following principal investments. The remainder of companies, not included below, are disclosed on
the inside back cover, and the addresses of all subsidiaries, principal or dormant, are provided on pages 137-139.

                                                  Country of                                                                     Country of
                                                  incorporation                                                                  incorporation
                                                  or registration                                                                or registration

AVEVA Solutions Limited                           United Kingdom Schneider Electric Software Italia S.P.A            Italy
Schneider Electric Software GB Limited            United Kingdom Wonderware Italia S.P.A.                            Italy
Schneider Electric Software Argentina S.A.        Argentina      AVEVA KK                                            Japan
AVEVA Pty Limited                                 Australia      Schneider Electric Software Japan Inc               Japan
AVEVA Software Australia Holdings Pty Ltd         Australia      AVEVA Korea Limited                                 Korea
Schneider Electric Software Australia Pty Ltd     Australia      Schneider Electric Software Korea Ltd               Korea
AVEVA do Brasil Informática Ltda                  Brazil         AVEVA Sendirian Berhad                              Malaysia
Schneider Electric Software Brasil LTDA           Brazil         AVEVA Asia Pacific Sendirian Berhad                 Malaysia
Schneider Electric Software Canada Inc.           Canada         Schneider Electric Software Mexico SA de CV         Mexico
Schneider Electric Software Chile SpA             Chile          Schneider Electric Software Holdings Netherlands BV Netherlands
AVEVA (Shanghai) Consultancy Co. Limited          China          Schneider Electric Software Netherlands BV          Netherlands
AVEVA Solutions (Shanghai) Co. Limited            China          AVEVA AS                                            Norway
Telvent Control System (China) Co. Ltd            China          AVEVA Limited Liability Company                     Russia
Schneider Electric Software Colombia S.A.S.       Colombia       Schneider Electric Software RU                      Russia
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements              111




                                                   Country of                                                                 Country of
                                                   incorporation                                                              incorporation
                                                   or registration                                                            or registration

AVEVA Denmark A/S                                  Denmark           AVEVA Pte Limited                                        Singapore
AVEVA SA                                           France            Schneider Electric Software Holdings Singapore           Singapore
                                                                      PTE Ltd
Schneider Electric Software France SAS             France            Schneider Electric Software Spain S.L.                   Spain
AVEVA GmbH                                         Germany           AVEVA AB                                                 Sweden
Schneider Electric Software Germany GmbH           Germany           Wonderware Scandinavia AB                                Sweden
AVEVA East Asia Limited                            Hong Kong         Schneider Electric Software (Thailand) Co. Ltd           Thailand
AVEVA Solutions India LLP                          India             Schneider Electric Software Middle East FZE              United Arab
                                                                                                                               Emirates
AVEVA Information Technology India                India              AVEVA Inc.                                               United States
 Private Limited                                                                                                               of America
Schneider Electric Software India Private Limited India              AVEVA Software, LLC                                      United States
                                                                                                                               of America


19 Financial assets
                                                                                                                       2019                     2018
                                                                                                                         £m                       £m

Current
Fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts                                                                          –                     0.5
Non-current
Fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts                                                                          –                       –


20 Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                       2019                     2018
                                                                                                                         £m                       £m

Current
Amounts falling due within one year:
Trade receivables                                                                                                     174.9              146.9
Amounts owed from related parties (note 32)                                                                            35.5               52.5
Prepayments and other receivables                                                                                      27.5               31.0
                                                                                                                      237.9              230.4

Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and generally on terms of between 30 and 90 days. The Directors consider that the carrying
amount of trade and other receivables approximates their fair value.
                                                                                                                       2019                     2018
                                                                                                                         £m                       £m

Non-current
Prepayments and other receivables                                                                                       2.2                     1.2
                                                                                                                        2.2                     1.2

Non-current prepayments and other receivables include rental deposits for operating leases.

As at 31 March 2019, the provision for impairment of receivables was £7.2m (2018: £1.8m) and an analysis of the movements during the
year was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                 £m

At 1 April 2017                                                                                                                              2.0
Charge for the year                                                                                                                          1.2
Utilised                                                                                                                                    (1.3)
Exchange adjustment                                                                                                                         (0.1)
At 31 March 2018                                                                                                                             1.8
Charge for the year                                                                                                                          6.3
Utilised                                                                                                                                    (0.7)
Exchange adjustment                                                                                                                         (0.2)
As at 31 March 2019                                                                                                                             7.2
112 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

20 Trade and other receivables continued
As at 31 March, the ageing analysis of trade receivables and amounts owed from related parties (net of provision for impairment) was as
follows:
                                                                                                             Past due not impaired
                                                                          Neither past due     Less than   Four to eight          Eight to       More than
                                                                  Total       nor impaired   four months        months     twelve months     twelve months
                                                                    £m                 £m             £m             £m               £m                £m

2019
Trade receivables                                               174.9            122.4            45.6             5.1               1.8                –
Amounts owed from related parties                                35.5             29.0             4.5             0.5               1.5                –
                                                                210.4            151.4            50.1             5.6               3.3                –
2018
Trade receivables                                               146.9             101.1           44.0             1.4               0.4                –
Amounts owed from related parties                                52.5              23.6           24.3             4.6                 –                –
                                                                199.4             124.7           68.3             6.0               0.4                –

Further disclosures relating to the credit quality of trade receivables are included in note 27.

21 Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                     2019            2018
                                                                                                                                       £m              £m

Cash at bank and in hand                                                                                                         126.5            104.5
Short-term deposits                                                                                                                0.7              1.1
Net cash and cash equivalents per cash flow                                                                                      127.2            105.6
Treasury deposits                                                                                                                  0.6              0.2
                                                                                                                                 127.8            105.8

Treasury deposits represent bank deposits with an original maturity of over three months. Treasury deposits held with a fixed rate of
interest were £0.6m (2018: £0.2m), with the remainder held at a floating rate.

Short-term deposits are made for varying periods of between one day and three months, depending on the immediate cash requirements
of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short-term deposit rates. £0.6m (2018: £1.0m) were at a fixed rate of interest and the
remainder were held at a floating rate of interest.

The fair value of cash and cash equivalents and treasury deposits is £127.8m (2018: £105.8m).

Further disclosures relating to credit quality of cash and cash equivalents and treasury deposits are included in note 27.

22 Trade and other payables

                                                                                                                                     2019            2018
                                                                                                                                       £m              £m

Current
Trade payables                                                                                                                    20.3              22.9
Amounts owed to related parties (note 32)                                                                                         10.5               8.9
Social security, employee taxes and sales taxes                                                                                   22.6              17.4
Accruals                                                                                                                         100.5              74.8
Other payables                                                                                                                     2.9              23.2
                                                                                                                                 156.8             147.2

Trade payables are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on terms of between 30 and 60 days. Social security, employee taxes
and sales taxes are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on terms of between 19 and 30 days. The Directors consider that the
carrying amount of trade and other payables approximates their fair value.

23 Loans and borrowings

                                                                                                                                     2019            2018
                                                                                                                                       £m              £m

Current
Bank loan                                                                                                                               –           10.0

As at 31 March 2019 the Group had access to £100.0m under a 3-year revolving credit facility (2018: £100.0m). The drawings as at
31 March 2019 totalled £nil (2018: £10.0m).
                                                                           Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements                     113




The revolving credit facility permits 15 loans to be outstanding at any one time. Interest on drawings is calculated at LIBOR plus a margin,
initially 0.5%, rising only if net leverage position deteriorates considerably. Additionally, a quarterly commitment fee is charged on the
undrawn facility at 35% of the margin. The termination date of the facility is 28 February 2021 but is subject to an extension option.

24 Financial liabilities
                                                                                                                                      2019                2018
                                                                                                                                        £m                  £m

Current
Fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts                                                                                      0.1                    –

25 Provisions
                                                                                                              Non-current               Current
                                                                                                            Onerous leases   Onerous leases       Restructuring
                                                                                                                       £m               £m                  £m

At 1 April 2019                                                                                                        –                –                   –
Arising during the year                                                                                              2.6              0.5                 1.4
At 31 March 2019                                                                                                     2.6              0.5                 1.4

Restructuring
Following the Combination in the prior year, the Group has been working to integrate the business. This has resulted in severances being
announced, particularly where there is duplication of roles and functions across the former heritage businesses.

Onerous leases
As part of the integration exercise, the Group is in the process of exiting certain properties and relocating activities. A provision has been
recognised to reflect vacant space and instances where the agreed lease payments exceed market rates.

26 Obligations under leases
As at 31 March 2019 the Group had the following future minimum rentals payable under non-cancellable operating leases as follows:

                                                                                                     2019                                2018
                                                                                              Land and          Plant and         Land and           Plant and
                                                                                              buildings         machinery         buildings          machinery
                                                                                                    £m                 £m               £m                  £m

Not later than one year                                                                         14.8                 1.7             13.7                 1.7
After one but not more than five years                                                          27.6                 1.8             24.8                 1.7
More than five years                                                                             0.4                   –              2.7                   –
                                                                                                42.8                 3.5             41.2                 3.4

The Group has entered into commercial leases on certain properties, motor vehicles and items of equipment. These leases have a
duration of between one and fifty years. Certain property leases contain an option for renewal.

27 Financial risk management
The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and short-term deposits, and forward foreign exchange contracts. The Group
has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables, trade payables and borrowings, which arise directly from its
operations.

The Group enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to manage currency risks arising from the Group’s operations.

It is, and has been throughout the period under review, the Group’s policy that no speculative trading in financial instruments shall be
undertaken.

The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Board reviews and agrees
policies for managing such risks on a regular basis as summarised below:

a) Market risk
Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates, will affect the Group’s income or
the value of its holding of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk
exposures within acceptable parameters.

Interest rate risk
The Group holds net funds and hence its interest rate risk is associated with short-term cash deposits. The Group’s overall objective with
respect to holding these deposits is to maintain a balance between security of funds, accessibility and competitive rates of return.

For the presentation of market risks, IFRS 7 requires sensitivity analysis that show the effects of hypothetical changes of relevant risk variables
on profit or loss and shareholders’ equity. The Group is exposed to fluctuations in interest rates on its cash and cash equivalents. Borrowings
are at a fixed rate of interest. The impact is determined by applying sensitised interest rates to the cash and cash equivalents balances.
114 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

27 Financial risk management continued
A 1% point decrease in the Sterling and US Dollar interest rates would not have had an impact on interest income (2018: reduced by
£0.5m) or profit after tax (2018: reduced by £0.4m).

Foreign currency risk
Foreign currency risk arises from the Group undertaking a significant number of foreign currency transactions in the course of operations.
These exposures arise from sales in currencies other than the Group’s presentational currency of Sterling.

The Group manages exchange risks, where possible, by using forward foreign exchange contracts. The Group enters into forward
foreign exchange contracts to match forecast cash flows arising from its recurring revenue base. In addition, it enters into specific
forward foreign exchange contracts for individually significant revenue contracts, when the timing of forecast cash flows is reasonably
certain. Other currency exposures are harder to hedge cost effectively. At 31 March 2019, the Group had outstanding currency exchange
contracts to sell $8.2m and €3.1m.

The Group has not applied hedge accounting during the current year and therefore all gains and losses on forward foreign exchange
contracts have been included in the Consolidated income statement.

The Group has investments in foreign operations whose net assets are exposed to currency translation risk. Gains and losses arising
from these structural currency exposures are recognised in the Consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

Foreign currency sensitivity analysis
For the presentation of market risks, IFRS 7 requires sensitivity analysis that show the effects of hypothetical changes in the foreign
exchange rates in profit or loss or shareholders’ equity. The impact is determined by applying the sensitised foreign exchange rate to the
monetary assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date.

Currency risks as defined by IFRS 7 arise on account of financial instruments being denominated in a currency that is not the functional
currency and being of a monetary nature; differences resulting from the translation of financial statements into the Group’s presentation
currency are not taken into consideration.

A 10% change in the US Dollar and Euro against Sterling would have impacted equity and profit after tax by the amounts shown below
as at the reporting date shown. In management’s opinion, this is a reasonably possible change given current market conditions. Our
analysis indicates that a 10% change in other currencies would not have a significant impact. This analysis assumes that all other
variables, in particular, interest rates and other foreign currencies, remain constant. The analysis is performed on the same basis for
2017/18.

                                                                                                         Increase/
                                                                                                      (decrease) in    Profit/(loss)    Equity
31 March 2019                                                                                         average rate               £m        £m

US Dollar                                                                                                    10%              (2.2)      (2.2)
                                                                                                            (10%)              2.4        2.4
Euro                                                                                                         10%              (2.4)      (2.4)
                                                                                                            (10%)              2.6        2.6

                                                                                                          Increase/
                                                                                                       (decrease) in   Profit/(loss)    Equity
31 March 2018                                                                                          average rate              £m       £m

US Dollar                                                                                                    10%              (1.0)      (1.0)
                                                                                                            (10%)              1.1        1.1
Euro                                                                                                         10%              (0.6)      (0.6)
                                                                                                            (10%)              0.7        0.7

b) Credit risk
The Group’s principal financial assets are cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, and contract assets.

Counterparties for cash and cash equivalents are governed by the treasury policy, which has been approved by the Board, and are
limited to financial institutions which have a high credit rating assigned by international credit rating agencies. As set out in the Group’s
treasury policy, the amount of exposure to each counterparty is subject to a specific limit, up to a maximum of 50% of the Group’s total
counterparty risk. Within this overall limit, some counterparties are subject to more restrictive caps on counterparty exposure.

The Group trades only with recognised, creditworthy third parties and provides credit to customers in the normal course of business. The
amounts presented in the Consolidated balance sheet are net of allowances for doubtful receivables. Expected credit loss allowances are
made against trade receivables based on credit risk characteristics. The Group has credit control functions to monitor receivable
balances on an ongoing basis. Credit checks are performed before credit is granted to new customers. Due to the credit control
procedures in place, we believe all the receivables are of good quality. The Group has no significant concentration of credit risk, with
exposure spread over a large number of customers. The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each
financial asset. The exposure to credit risk is mitigated where necessary by either letters of credit or payments in advance.

The Group does not require collateral in respect of its financial assets.
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements              115




c) Liquidity risk
The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate cash reserves and by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows
and matching the maturity of financial assets and liabilities. As at 31 March 2019 the Group has access to undrawn borrowing facilities
of £100.0m (2018: £90.0m).

The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities, which will be settled on a net basis, into relevant maturity groupings based on
the remaining period at the balance sheet date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual
undiscounted cash flows:
                                                                                                       Between three       Between six
                                                                                           Less than   months and six   months and one   Greater than
                                                                                       three months          months               year       one year
As at 31 March 2019                                                                               £m             £m                £m              £m

Trade and other payables                                                                     19.0               0.4               1.2           2.6
Amounts due to related parties                                                                5.6               3.0               1.6           0.3
                                                                                             24.6               3.4               2.8           2.9

                                                                                                       Between three       Between six
                                                                                           Less than     months and     months and one   Greater than
                                                                                       three months       six months              year      one year
As at 31 March 2018                                                                               £m             £m                £m              £m

Trade and other payables                                                                     45.2               0.9                 –              –
Amounts due to related parties                                                                6.7               2.2                 –              –
Loans and borrowings                                                                            –              10.0                 –              –
                                                                                              51.9             13.1                 –              –

The table below analyses the Group’s forward foreign exchange contracts, which will be settled on a gross basis, into relevant maturity
groupings based on the remaining period at the balance sheet date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table
are the contractual undiscounted cash flows:
                                                                                                       Between three       Between six
                                                                                           Less than     months and     months and one   Greater than
                                                                                       three months       six months              year       one year
As at 31 March 2019                                                                               ’m              ’m                ’m             ’m

Forward foreign exchange contracts (GBP/EUR)
Outflow                                                                                      €1.6              €1.0             €0.5               –
Inflow                                                                                       £1.4              £0.9             £0.4               –
Forward foreign exchange contracts (GBP/USD)
Outflow                                                                                      $3.2              $4.0             $1.0               –
Inflow                                                                                       £2.4              £3.0             £0.7               –

                                                                                                       Between three       Between six
                                                                                           Less than     months and     months and one   Greater than
                                                                                       three months       six months              year      one year
As at 31 March 2018                                                                               ’m              ’m                ’m             ’m

Forward foreign exchange contracts (GBP/EUR)
Outflow                                                                                      €3.5              €3.1             €1.4               –
Inflow                                                                                       £3.2              £2.8             £1.3               –
Forward foreign exchange contracts (GBP/USD)
Outflow                                                                                      $7.9              $2.8             $1.7               –
Inflow                                                                                       £5.9              £2.0             £1.2               –

d) Fair values
The book values of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities consist of bank and cash balances of £127.2m (2018: £105.6m) and
treasury deposits of £0.6m (2018: £0.2m). The carrying amounts of these financial assets and liabilities in the Group’s financial
statements approximates their fair values.

In addition, the Group’s financial assets include forward foreign exchange contracts. Financial instruments that are recognised at fair
value subsequent to initial recognition are grouped into Levels 1 to 3 based on the degree to which the fair value is observable. The three
levels are defined as follows:
• Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
• Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable
    for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
• Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not
    based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

At 31 March 2019, the Group had forward foreign exchange contracts which were measured at Level 2 fair value subsequent to initial
recognition. The fair value of the liability in respect of foreign exchange contracts was £0.1m at 31 March 2019 (2018: asset of £0.5m).

The resulting loss of £0.5m (2018: loss of £0.1m) on the movement of the fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is recognised
in the Consolidated income statement within administrative expenses.
116 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

27 Financial risk management continued
e) Capital management
The Group’s policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, market, creditor, customer and employee confidence
and to sustain future development of the business. The capital structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to the equity holders
of AVEVA Group plc comprising issued share capital, other reserves and retained earnings.

To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or
issue new shares.

The Board monitors the capital structure on a regular basis and determines the level of annual dividend. The Group is not exposed to any
externally imposed capital requirements.

28 Deferred tax
The following are the major deferred tax liabilities and assets recognised by the Group and the movements thereon, during the current
and previous year:
                                                                              Retirement
                                                                                  benefit                                                          Other temporary
                                                                              obligations   Intangible assets   Share options            Losses         differences1              Total
                                                                                      £m                  £m              £m                £m                  £m                  £m

At 1 April 2017                                                                        –             (60.8)                 –                 –               2.1               (58.7)
Impact of change in accounting policies                                                –                 –                  –                 –             (14.9)              (14.9)
Restated balance as at 1 April 2017                                                   –              (60.8)                –                  –             (12.8)              (73.6)
Acquired                                                                           (0.9)             (94.9)              0.7                0.6              (0.8)              (95.3)
Credit to income statement                                                            –               33.6                 –                  –              10.0                43.6
Credit to other comprehensive income                                                1.5                   –                –                  –                 –                 1.5
Credited to equity                                                                    –                (4.2)               –                  –               0.9                (3.3)
Exchange adjustment                                                                   –                 5.5                –                  –               0.1                 5.6
At 31 March 2018                                                                    0.6            (120.8)               0.7                0.6              (2.6)             (121.5)
Credit to income statement                                                         (0.4)             15.9                1.3               (0.6)              6.0                22.2
Credit to other comprehensive income                                               (0.4)                –                  –                  –                 –                (0.4)
Credited to equity                                                                    –                 –                1.2                  –                 –                  1.2
Exchange adjustment                                                                   –              (2.0)                 –                  –               1.0                 (1.0)
At 31 March 2019                                                                   (0.2)           (106.9)               3.2                  –               4.4               (99.5)

1   Other temporary differences consist principally of deferred tax on fixed assets, expenses deductible in future and timing differences in respect of revenue recognition.


Certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances (after offset) for
financial reporting purposes:
                                                                                                                                                              2019                2018
                                                                                                                                                                £m                  £m

Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                  (111.3)              (130.5)
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                         11.8                  9.0
                                                                                                                                                           (99.5)              (121.5)

At the balance sheet date, the Group has unused tax losses of £28.3m (2018: £28.1m) available for offset against future profits. No
losses (2018: £1.4m) expire after 5 years and losses of £9.5m (2018: £7.5m) expire after 20 years. All other losses may be carried
forward indefinitely.

It is likely that the majority of the overseas earnings would qualify for the UK dividend exemption. However, £39.5m (2018: £20.4m) of
the undistributed earnings of overseas subsidiaries may still result in a tax liability principally as a result of withholding taxes levied by
the overseas jurisdictions in which they operate. No liability has been recognised because the Group is in a position to control the timing
of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that such differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

29 Retirement benefit obligations
The Group operates defined benefit pension schemes in the UK, Sweden, Italy and Germany. The Group also provides certain post
employment benefits to employees in South Korea, Japan, Australia, UAE and Saudi Arabia.

The UK defined benefit pension scheme, previously available to all UK employees, was closed to new applicants in 2002 and closed to
future accrual from 1 April 2015. UK employees are now offered membership of a defined contribution scheme.

The German unfunded defined benefit schemes are closed to new applicants and provide benefits to nine deferred members. No current
employees participate in the schemes.
                                                                                Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements     117




The Group provides pension arrangements to its Swedish employees through an industry-wide defined benefit scheme. It is not possible
to identify the share of the underlying assets and liabilities in the scheme which is attributable to the Group on a fair and reasonable
basis. Therefore the Group has applied the provisions in IAS 19 to account for the scheme as if it was a defined contribution scheme.

The movement on the provision for retirement benefit obligations was as follows:

                                                                     German
                                                UK defined    defined benefit    South Korean       Italy     IPS Japan
                                             benefit scheme         schemes     severance pay       Plan            Plan          Other        Total
                                                         £m              £m               £m          £m             £m             £m           £m

At 31 March 2017                                        –               1.4               –         1.8            1.4             0.6          5.2
On acquisition                                       (4.3)              1.9             1.6           –              –               –         (0.8)
Current service cost                                    –               0.1               –         0.2            0.1             0.5          0.9
Net interest on pension scheme liabilities            0.2                 –               –           –              –             0.1          0.3
Return on pension scheme assets                      (0.2)                –               –           –              –               –         (0.2)
Actuarial remeasurements                                –              (0.5)              –           –            0.1             2.8          2.4
Employer contributions                               (1.3)                –               –        (0.2)          (0.2)           (0.5)        (2.2)
Exchange adjustment                                     –                 –               –           –           (0.1)           (0.3)        (0.4)
At 31 March 2018                                     (5.6)              2.9              1.6        1.8            1.3             3.2          5.2
Current service cost                                    –               0.1              0.2        0.3            0.2             0.9          1.7
Past service cost                                     0.8                 –              0.3          –              –               –          1.1
Net interest on pension scheme liabilities            2.0                 –                –          –              –             0.2          2.2
Return on pension scheme assets                      (1.9)                –                –          –              –               –         (1.9)
Actuarial remeasurements                             (0.8)                –              0.4        0.7              –             0.2          0.5
Employer contributions                               (1.6)             (0.1)            (0.1)      (0.2)          (0.1)           (0.8)        (2.9)
Exchange adjustment                                     –                 –                –          –              –             0.1          0.1
At 31 March 2019                                      (7.1)             2.9             2.4         2.6            1.4             3.8          6.0

The following is the analysis of the retirement benefit balances:
                                                                                                                                   2019        2018
                                                                                                                                     £m          £m

Retirement benefit surplus                                                                                                         (7.1)      (5.6)
Retirement benefit liabilities                                                                                                    13.1        10.8
                                                                                                                                   6.0          5.2

The UK defined benefit scheme surplus has been recognised as a non-current asset as the Group has a right to any remaining surplus
after all liabilities are paid. The Trustees may not distribute any surplus without the agreement of the Group. If such agreement is
withheld, the Trustees are required to repay any remaining funds to the Group.

The past service cost recognised in the UK defined benefit scheme relates to the amendment of certain historic pension schemes to
equalise benefits for men and women. This adjustment was made as a result of the judgement issued by the High Court of Justice of
England and Wales on 26 October 2018 regarding the rights of female members of certain pension schemes to equality of treatment in
relation to pension benefits.

a) UK defined benefit scheme
The Group operates a UK defined benefit pension plan providing benefits based on final pensionable pay which is funded. This scheme
was closed to new employees on 30 September 2002 (with the option of reopening if required) and was converted to a Career Average
Revalued Earnings basis on 30 September 2004. The scheme closed to future benefit accrual with effect from 1 April 2015. Pensions are
also payable to dependants on death. Administration on behalf of the members is governed by a trust deed, and the funds are held and
managed by professional investment managers who are independent of the Group.

Contributions to the scheme are made in accordance with advice from an external, professionally qualified actuary, Broadstone
Corporate Benefits Limited, at rates which are calculated to be sufficient to meet the future liabilities of the scheme. Scheme assets are
stated at their market values at the respective balance sheet dates.

The principal assumptions used in determining the pension valuation were as follows:
                                                                                                                           2019                2018
                                                                                                                             %                   %

Main assumptions:
Discount rate                                                                                                          2.5                      2.6
Inflation assumption – RPI                                                                                             3.6                      3.5
Rate of salary increases                                                                                               5.6                      5.5
Rate of increase of pensions in payment                                                                                3.3                      3.2
Rate of increase of pensions in deferment                                                                              2.6                      2.5
Cash Commutation                                                                                            20% of pension           20% of pension

The duration of the scheme liabilities is estimated to be 17 years.
118 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

29 Retirement benefit obligations continued
For the years ended 31 March 2019 and 2018, the mortality assumptions adopted imply the following weighted average life
expectancies at age 65:
                                                                                                                        2019                  2018
                                                                                                                        Years                 Years

Male currently aged 65                                                                                                 22.5                  22.9
Female currently aged 65                                                                                               23.5                  23.9
Male currently aged 45                                                                                                 23.5                  23.9
Female currently aged 45                                                                                               24.7                  25.1

Company contributions were £1.6m (2018: £1.3m), comprising deficit contributions totalling £1.4m (2018: £0.1m) per annum plus an
administration charge of £0.2m (2018: £0.2m). In 2018, there was a one off additional Company contribution of £1.0m. The total
contributions in 2019/20 is expected to be approximately £1.6m.

The assumed discount rate, inflation rate and mortality all have a significant effect on the IAS 19 accounting valuation. The following
table shows the sensitivity of the valuation to changes in these assumptions:
                                                                                                                     Impact on liabilities
                                                                                                                     increase/(decrease)
                                                                                                                        2019                  2018
                                                                                                                          £m                    £m

0.25 percentage point increase to:
– discount rate                                                                                                         (3.2)                 (3.4)
– inflation (including pension increases linked to inflation)                                                            2.3                   2.4
Additional one-year increase to life expectancy                                                                          3.2                   2.3

The assets and liabilities of the scheme at 31 March 2019 and 2018 were as follows:
                                                                                                                        2019                  2018
                                                                                                                          £m                    £m

Equities                                                                                                               31.0                  33.2
Bonds                                                                                                                  28.7                  27.1
Other                                                                                                                  25.1                  23.1
Total fair value of assets                                                                                             84.8                   83.4
Present value of scheme liabilities                                                                                   (77.7)                 (77.8)
Net pension asset                                                                                                        7.1                  5.6

The amounts recognised in the Consolidated income statement and Consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year are
analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                        2019                  2018
                                                                                                                          £m                    £m

Selling and administrative expenses
Past service cost                                                                                                        0.8                     –
Finance revenue
Interest income on pension scheme assets                                                                                (1.9)                 (0.2)
Finance costs
Interest on pension scheme liabilities                                                                                   2.0                  0.2
Taken to Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
Actual return on pension scheme assets                                                                                   3.7                   0.2
Less: interest income on pension scheme assets                                                                          (1.9)                 (0.2)
                                                                                                                         1.8                     –
Changes in assumptions and experience adjustments on liabilities                                                        (1.0)                    –
Remeasurement gain on defined benefit plan                                                                               0.8                     –

Analysis of movements in the present value of the defined benefit pension obligations during the year are analysed as follows:
                                                                                                                        2019                  2018
                                                                                                                          £m                    £m

At 1 April                                                                                                             77.8                     –
On acquisition                                                                                                            –                  77.6
Interest on pension scheme liabilities                                                                                  2.0                   0.2
Benefits paid                                                                                                          (3.9)                    –
Actuarial loss due to experience                                                                                        0.1                     –
Actuarial loss due to changes in the economic assumptions                                                               2.2                     –
Actuarial gain due to changes in the demographic assumptions                                                           (1.3)                    –
Past service cost                                                                                                       0.8                     –
At 31 March                                                                                                            77.7                  77.8

The above defined benefit obligation arises from a plan that is wholly funded.
                                                                      Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements     119




Changes in the fair value of plan assets are as follows:
                                                                                                                       2019          2018
                                                                                                                         £m            £m

At 1 April                                                                                                            83.4             –
On acquisition                                                                                                           –          81.9
Interest income                                                                                                        1.9           0.2
Contributions by employer                                                                                              1.6           1.3
Benefits paid                                                                                                         (3.9)            –
Actual return less interest in income                                                                                  1.8             –
At 31 March                                                                                                           84.8          83.4

b) German defined benefit schemes
The Group operates four defined benefit pension schemes. There are three defined benefit pension schemes in AVEVA GmbH. Tribon
Solutions GmbH operated an unfunded defined benefit scheme that provides benefits to three deferred members following an
acquisition in 1992. No current employees participate in the scheme and it is closed to new applicants. Benefit payments are made as
they fall due.

Since the acquisition of Bocad in May 2012, AVEVA Software GmbH had been responsible for the pension obligations of six former
Bocad employees. At the time of the acquisition, the pension obligations were only partly financed via external funding vehicles. In March
2013, AVEVA concluded an agreement with an external insurance provider which resulted in the insurance company being obliged to
provide all benefits as detailed in the individual pension commitments, with AVEVA only having an obligation if the external insurance
provider defaults.

In addition, AVEVA GmbH operates a defined benefit pension scheme for one employee. This scheme is closed to new members.

There are two unfunded defined benefit schemes in the German SES entity. Seven current employees participate in the schemes, both
schemes are closed to new applicants.

Details of the actuarial assumptions used to value these schemes in accordance with IAS 19 are set out below:
                                                                                                                     2019            2018

Rate of increase of pension in payment                                                                         1.8–2.5%   1.5%–2.5%
Discount rate                                                                                                      1.3%   1.2%–1.6%
Mortality                                                                                                  13 – 20 years 13 – 20 years
Rate of salary increases                                                                                             n/a           n/a
Retirement age                                                                                                   60 – 63       60 – 63

c) South Korean severance pay
South Korean employees are entitled to a lump sum on severance of their employment equal to one month’s salary for each year of
service.

d) Italy plan
Certain employees in Italy have an accrued entitlement to Defined Benefit termination indemnity payments. The plan is unfunded.

e) IPS Japan plan
Employees enrolled in the IPS Japanese plan receive a lump sum payment on retirement or earlier exit. The plan is unfunded.

f) Other retirement schemes
Swedish employees employed by AVEVA AB aged 28 or over are members of the ITP, an industry scheme for salaried employees which
provides benefits in addition to the state pension arrangements. The ITP scheme is managed by Alecta, a Swedish insurance company. It
is a multi-employer defined benefit scheme with a supplementary defined contribution component. AVEVA AB pays monthly premiums
to the insurers which vary by age, service and salary of the employee. AVEVA AB is unable to identify its share of the underlying assets
and liabilities in the scheme on a fair and reasonable basis because this information is not provided by the scheme and therefore has
accounted for the scheme as if it was a defined contribution pension scheme. At 31 March 2019, Alecta’s surplus in the form of collective
funding level was 144% (2018: 152%) which was calculated in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act for Insurance
Companies. The total cost charged to the income statement was £0.2m (2018: £0.1m).

Certain employees in Australia have a statutory right to receive a Long Service Leave payment at dates agreed with the employee (after
the qualifying period).
120 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

29 Retirement benefit obligations continued
Employees in UAE and Saudi Arabia are entitled to a lump sum benefit on retirement or termination. This is based on service and final
salary and is a legal requirement in these countries.

Certain employees in India have a statutory right to receive a gratuity payment when they leave service. They also have a leave
encashment plan (where unused annual leave can be used to purchase an additional retirement benefit).

g) Defined contribution schemes
The Group operates defined contribution retirement schemes for certain European and Asian employees. The assets of the schemes are
held separately from those of the Group. The total cost charged to the income statement of £15.6m (2018: £8.6m) represents
contributions payable to these schemes by the Group at the rates specified in the rules of the plans.

30 Share-based payment plans
The Group has four equity-settled share schemes: the AVEVA Group plc Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP); the AVEVA Group Management
Bonus Deferred Share Scheme; the AVEVA Group plc Senior Employee Restricted Share Plan 2015; and the AVEVA Group plc Executive
Share Option Scheme 2007. No grants have been made under the 2007 scheme.

The following table illustrates the number, and movements in, share options for the schemes during the year:

                                                                                                                                Restricted            Deferred
                                                                                                                    LTIP        share plan       Share Scheme            Total

Outstanding at 1 April 2017                                                                                        –                 –                    –              –
On acquisition                                                                                               488,101           196,671               12,468        697,240
Granted during year                                                                                          307,143                 –                    –        307,143
Additional grants as a result of modifications to existing options1                                          154,900           105,861                6,703        267,464
Outstanding at 31 March 2018                                                                                 950,144           302,532               19,171      1,271,847
Exercisable at 31 March 2018                                                                                   4,069             1,248                    –          5,317
Granted during year                                                                                          358,111           122,156               44,620        524,887
Forfeited during the year                                                                                   (299,258)          (32,390)                    –      (331,648)
Exercised during the year                                                                                      (1,145)         (79,237)               (7,262)       (87,644)
Outstanding at 31 March 2019                                                                               1,007,852           313,061               56,529      1,377,442
Exercisable at 31 March 2019                                                                                    2,924             6,212                     –         9,136

1   During the year ended 31 March 2018, modifications occurred under the Company’s employee share plans in relation to the Return of Value to the Company’s shareholders,
    which was implemented by means of a B Share Scheme. The modifications operated to increase the number of shares held under the awards by a factor of 1.53846 and
    rounded down to the nearest number of whole shares.


The fair value of option awards subject to EPS performance targets was measured at grant date using the Black Scholes option pricing
model, and the fair value of option awards subject to TSR performance targets was determined by use of Monte Carlo simulations, both
taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the instruments were granted. As a result of the reverse acquisition accounting,
existing share option awards were revalued using the relevant inputs as at the acquisition date, using a consistent methodology as
outlined above. The element relating to service prior to the acquisition date has been included within consideration, as outlined in note
14, with the post-acquisition element reflecting the ongoing charge in the income statement. The following table lists the inputs to the
model used for each of the awards:

Year ended 31 March 2019
                                                                                                                                             Restricted               Deferred
                                                                                                                      LTIP                   share plan          Share Scheme

Weighted average exercise price                                                                               3.56p                     3.56p                             –
Expected volatility                                                                                             32%                       32%                          32%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                               0.8% to 0.9%               0.8% to 0.9%                         0.8%
Expected life of option                                                                                 3 to 5 years                   3 years                      3 years
Weighted average share price                                                                                   27.58                     26.51                        25.71
                                                                                                      Black Scholes
Valuation type                                                                                      and Monte Carlo              Black Scholes               Black Scholes
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements          121




Year ended 31 March 2018
                                                                                                                Restricted               Deferred
                                                                                                LTIP            share plan          Share Scheme

Weighted average exercise price                                                             3.56p                3.56p                       –
Expected volatility                                                                          48%                   48%                    48%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                     0.5%                  0.5%                   0.5%
Expected life of option                                                                   3 years               3 years                3 years
Weighted average share price                                                                18.26                 18.26                  18.26
                                                                                    Black Scholes
Valuation type                                                                    and Monte Carlo        Black Scholes          Black Scholes

The weighted average remaining contractual life for the options outstanding at 31 March 2019 is 7.3 years (2018: 7.1 years).

The average fair value of options granted during the year was £25.31 (2018: £19.14). In calculating the fair value, the expected life of the
options is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of exercise patterns that may occur. The expected volatility reflects
the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily be the actual outcome.

In the year ended 31 March 2019 the Group recognised an expense of £11.2m related to equity-settled share-based payment
transactions (2018: £1.2m) and nil related to cash-settled share-base payment transactions (2018: £0.2m).

Details of the share option plans are as follows:

a) Long-Term Incentive Plan (LTIP)
The performance conditions attached to the options awarded in 2018/19 and 2017/18 are based on EPS growth (50%), Total
Shareholder Return (TSR) (25%) against a comparator group combining the FTSE 350 Technology Sector and the S&P Mid Cap 400
Software companies, and strategic objectives (25%), with the precise measures to be set and measured by the Remuneration
Committee.

Further information about the performance conditions are provided in the Remuneration Committee report on page 74.

b) Deferred annual bonus share plan
The AVEVA Group Management Bonus Deferred Share Scheme 2008 (the Deferred Share Scheme) is participated in by Directors and
senior management. Subject to the achievement of performance conditions relating to a single financial year, these incentive
arrangements are intended to reward the recipient partly in cash and partly in ordinary shares in the Company to be delivered on a
deferred basis.

The award of deferred shares takes the form of nil-cost options exercisable by participants in three equal tranches, one in each of the
three years following the year in which the award is made. The option may be exercised in the 42-day period beginning on the
announcement of the financial results of the Group in each of the three calendar years after that in which the option was granted. The
last date of the exercise is the end of the 42-day period following the announcement of the financial results of the Group in the third
calendar year following that in which the option was granted or (if applicable) such later date as the Remuneration Committee may
specify. These awards are made solely in respect of performance in the financial year immediately prior to their grant. Delivery of the
deferred shares is not subject to further performance conditions but each participant is required to remain an employee or Director of the
Group during the three-year vesting period in order to receive his deferred shares in full (except in the case of death or the occurrence of a
takeover, reconstruction or amalgamation, or voluntary winding up of the Company).

c) AVEVA Group plc Senior Employee Restricted Share Plan 2015
The AVEVA Group plc Senior Employee Restricted Share Plan 2015 (the Restricted Share Plan) allows awards of options to be made to
senior management employees. The right to exercise an option is subject to completion of a required period of continued employment
within the Group, usually being three years. Options that are not exercised prior to the fifth anniversary (or, in the case of an award with
an overall award period of more than four years, the sixth anniversary) of the date of grant shall lapse.

31 Share capital and reserves
a) Share capital
                                                                                                                             2019           2018
                                                                                                                               £m             £m

Allotted, called-up and fully paid
161,287,697 (2018: 161,207,315) ordinary shares of 3.56 pence each                                                           5.7            5.7
122 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

31 Share capital and reserves continued
Details of the shares issued during the year and the prior year are as follows:

                                                                                    2019           2019             2018             2018
                                                                                  Number             £m           Number               £m

At 1 April                                                                161,207,315              5.7      63,975,869               2.3
Issued as consideration for the purchase of SES                                     –                –      97,169,655               3.4
Exercise of share options                                                      80,382                –          61,791                 –
At 31 March                                                               161,287,697              5.7     161,207,315               5.7

On 1 March 2018 the Company issued 97,169,655 consideration shares of 3.56 pence each with a nominal value of £3.4m. The issue of
new shares in the Company in exchange for shares in SES attracted merger relief under section 612 of the Companies Act 2006. Of the
£1,817.9m fair value of the shares issued, £3.4m (3.56 pence per ordinary share) was credited to share capital, £547.2m (after writing off
certain transaction costs) to share premium, and the remaining £1,265.6m to the merger reserve within equity.

On 1 March 2018 the Company issued 64,037,660 B shares of £10.15 each paid up by capitalisation of £650.0m of the merger reserve.
Later on the same date the B shares were redeemed at £10.15 per share, in part out of the fresh issue referred to above and as to
£101.7m out of distributable reserves (which was transferred to capital redemption reserve).

During the year the Company issued 80,382 (2018: 61,791) ordinary shares of 3.56 pence each with a nominal value of £2,858 (2018:
£2,197) pursuant to the exercise of share options. The total proceeds were £2,858 (2018: £2,197), which included a premium of £nil
(2018: £nil).

b) Other reserves
Other reserves consist of the following:

Merger reserve
This represents the difference between the equity consideration and the nominal value of shares issued in connection with the
acquisition of SES in 2018, less amounts used to pay up the B shares. The return of value to shareholders was effected through the issue
and redemption of B shares which were paid up out of the merger reserve.

Cumulative translation adjustment reserve
The cumulative translation adjustment reserve is used to record exchange differences which arise from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign subsidiaries.

Capital contribution reserve
Capital contributions represent the reimbursement by Schneider Electric Group of capital expenditure incurred in relation to the carve out
of SESB following the Combination.

Capital redemption reserve
This represents the return of value to shareholders from AVEVA Group plc insofar as made out of distributable reserves.

Reverse acquisition reserve
This represents the difference between the consideration and the AVEVA capital equity interests on acquisition.

Treasury shares
Treasury shares reserve represents the cost of the shares in AVEVA Group plc purchased in the open market and held by the AVEVA
Group Employee Benefit Trust 2008 (EBT) to satisfy deferred shares under the Group’s deferred annual bonus share plan. During the
year, 342,774 (2018: 15,444) shares were purchased by the EBT at a price of £27.07 (2018: £20.91) and 7,262 shares (2018: 11,543) with
an attributable cost of £150,028 (2018: £243,462) were issued to employees in satisfying share options that were exercised.

                                                                                                                                      £m

At 1 April 2017                                                                                                                      0.2
Own shares purchased                                                                                                                 0.3
Shares issued to employees                                                                                                          (0.2)
At 31 March 2018                                                                                                                     0.3
Own shares purchased                                                                                                                 9.3
Shares issued to employees                                                                                                          (0.2)
At 31 March 2019                                                                                                                     9.4
                                                                      Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements    123




32 Related party transactions
Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related parties, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not
disclosed in this note.

During the year, Group companies entered into the following transactions with Schneider Electric group companies:

                                                                                                                      2019          2018
                                                                                                                        £m            £m

Sales of goods and services                                                                                          80.1         72.9
Purchases of goods and services                                                                                     (19.7)       (13.1)
Interest income                                                                                                         –           0.3
Interest expense                                                                                                        –         (3.4)
Completion accounts adjustment                                                                                      (19.4)            –
Other non-trading transactions                                                                                        4.3          (7.9)
Pre-closing management fees                                                                                             –        (11.0)

During the year, the Group paid £17.4m to Schneider Electric SE, the parent company of the Schneider Electric Group. All other
transactions were with subsidiary companies within the Schneider Electric Group.

As at 31 March, Group companies held the following balances with Schneider Electric group companies:

                                                                                                                      2019          2018
                                                                                                                        £m            £m

Trade and other receivables                                                                                          34.1           43.1
Trade and other payables                                                                                            (10.5)          (8.9)
Non-trading receivables                                                                                               1.4            9.4

Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
Outstanding balances at 31 March 2019 are unsecured, and settlement occurs in cash. There have been no guarantees provided or
received for any related party receivables or payables. For the year ended 31 March 2019, the Group has not recorded any impairment of
receivables relating to amounts owed by related parties (2018: nil). This assessment is undertaken each financial year through examining
the financial position of the related party and the market in which the related party operates.

Remuneration of key management personnel
The remuneration of the key management personnel of the Group is set out below in aggregate for each of the categories specified in IAS
24 Related Party Disclosures. In the 11 month period to 28 February 2018, the key management personnel were considered to be the
Chief Operating Officer and the Heads of Business of SES. Following the Combination, during the one month period from 1 March 2018
to 31 March 2018, and the year to 31 March 2019, the key management personnel were considered to be the Board and the Executive
Leadership Team of the AVEVA Group plc enlarged Group. In addition to their salaries, the Group also provides non-cash benefits and
contributes to defined contribution pension schemes on their behalf. Key management personnel also participate in the Group’s share
option schemes and deferred annual bonus share plan.

Further information about the remuneration of individual Directors is provided in the audited parts of the Remuneration Committee
report on pages 60 to 79.
                                                                                                                      2019          2018
                                                                                                                        £m            £m

Short-term employee benefits                                                                                          7.2            2.9
Share-based payments                                                                                                  8.2            0.4
                                                                                                                     15.4            3.3
124 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

33 Changes in accounting policies
The Group has adopted IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, from 1 April 2018. This has
resulted in changes in accounting policies and adjustments to the amounts recognised in the financial statements.

a) IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers – Impact of adoption
The Group adopted IFRS 15 using the full retrospective method of adoption. In summary, the following adjustments were made to the
amounts recognised in the primary statements:

i) Rendering of services – transfer of control
ii) Providing extended payment terms to customers
iii) Stand-alone selling prices

Impact on the balance sheet as at 31 March 2018
                                                                                       IFRS 15 (i)       IFRS 15 (ii)     IFRS 15 (iii)    Restated
                                                                              £m             £m                 £m                £m            £m

Non-current assets
Goodwill                                                                 1,287.6                –             (0.8)             (3.3)     1,283.5

Current assets
Contract assets                                                             40.6           23.8                1.8               1.4         67.6

Current liabilities
Contract liabilities                                                      (157.2)          16.0               (0.9)              0.4       (141.7)

Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities                                                  (120.7)          (9.3)              (0.2)             (0.3)      (130.5)

Equity
Other reserves                                                          (1,178.1)          (1.2)              (0.1)                –      (1,179.4)
Retained earnings                                                         (167.7)        (29.3)                0.1               1.8        (195.1)

Due to the Combination being accounted for as a reverse acquisition, IFRS 15 adjustments that would ordinarily adjust equity in the year
ended 31 March 2018 are divided between pre-acquisition and post-acquisition. The pre-acquisition element is accounted for as an
adjustment to goodwill, the post-acquisition element is adjusted to equity.

Contract assets recognised in relation to contracts with customers were previously presented as accrued income. Contract liabilities
were previously presented as deferred revenue.

Impact on the balance sheet as at 1 April 2017
                                                                                       IFRS 15 (i)       IFRS 15 (ii)     IFRS 15 (iii)    Restated
                                                                              £m             £m                 £m                £m            £m

Current assets
Contract assets                                                             44.7           28.0                    –                 –       72.7

Current liabilities
Contract liabilities                                                      (117.4)          21.4                    –                 –      (96.0)

Non-current liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities                                                   (60.8)         (14.9)                   –                 –      (75.7)

Equity
Retained earnings                                                         (146.6)        (34.5)                    –                 –     (181.1)

Impact on the income statement and statement of other comprehensive income

                                                                                               Year ended 31 March 2018
                                                                                       IFRS 15 (i)       IFRS 15 (ii)     IFRS 15 (iii)    Restated
                                                                              £m             £m                 £m                £m            £m

Revenue                                                                    499.1          (10.4)              (0.1)             (2.3)       486.3
Selling and administration expenses                                       (181.8)           0.5                  –                 –       (181.3)
Income tax expense                                                           0.8            4.7                  –               0.5          6.0
Profit for the period                                                                       (5.2)             (0.1)             (1.8)


Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                  (16.8)            1.2                0.1                  –       (15.5)
Other comprehensive income for the period                                                    1.2                0.1                  –
Total comprehensive income                                                                  (4.0)                  –            (1.8)
                                                                         Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements                 125




Impact on the cash flow statement
                                                                                                   Year ended 31 March 2018
                                                                                           IFRS 15 (i)       IFRS 15 (ii)      IFRS 15 (iii)     Restated
                                                                                  £m             £m                 £m                 £m             £m

Profit for the period                                                           47.6            (5.2)             (0.1)              (1.8)         40.5
Income tax expense                                                              (0.8)           (4.7)                –               (0.5)         (6.0)


Changes in working capital
Contract assets                                                               (34.0)             4.5                0.1               0.9         (28.5)
Contract liabilities                                                           22.1              5.4                  –               1.4          28.9


Net cash generated from operating activities                                                        –                  –                  –

Impact on earnings per share
                                                                                                                      Year ended 31 March 2018
                                                                                                                                   IFRS 15       Restated
                                                                                                                  Pence              pence         pence

Earning per share
– basic                                                                                                        46.97               (7.05)        39.92
– diluted                                                                                                      46.73               (7.01)        39.72

Adjusted earnings per share
– basic                                                                                                        78.83               (7.05)        71.78
– diluted                                                                                                      78.43               (7.01)        71.42

b) IFRS 9 Financial Instruments – Impact of adoption
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments replaces the provisions of IAS 39 that relate to the recognition, classification and measurement of financial
assets and liabilities, derecognition of financial instruments, impairment of financial assets and hedge accounting.

In accordance with the transitional provisions in IFRS 9, comparative figures have not been restated. The reclassifications and
adjustments arising from the new impairment rules are therefore not reflected in the restated balance sheet as at 31 March 2018, but are
recognised in the opening balance sheet on 1 April 2018.

The total impact on the Group’s retained earnings as at 1 April 2018 was £6,000.

c) Classification and measurement
As at 1 April 2018, management has assessed which business models apply to the financial assets held by the Group and has classified
its financial instruments into the appropriate IFRS 9 categories. The reclassification has had no effect on the financial statements.

d) Impairment of financial assets
The Group has four types of financial assets that are subject to IFRS 9’s new expected credit loss model:
• Trade receivables
• Contract assets
• Debt investments carried at amortised cost (other receivables)
• Debt investments carried at fair value (derivatives included in financial assets and financial liabilities)
The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected credit loss
allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables and contract assets
have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due.

The contract assets relate to unbilled work in progress and have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade receivables for
the same types of contracts. The Group has therefore concluded that the expected loss rates for trade receivables are a reasonable
approximation of the loss rates for the contract assets.

The application of the IFRS 9 accounting policy resulted in a decrease of £0.5m to selling and administration expenses for the year
ending 31 March 2019.
126 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




COMPANY BALANCE SHEET
31 March 2019

                                                                                                                  2019         2018
                                                                                                    Notes           £m           £m

Non-current assets
Investments                                                                                            5      1,325.0      1,303.7
Deferred tax assets                                                                                               1.3            –
                                                                                                              1,326.3      1,303.7
Current assets
Trade and other receivables                                                                            6        121.0          71.6
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         0.2           0.3
                                                                                                                121.2          71.9
Total assets                                                                                                  1,447.5       1,375.6
Equity
Issued share capital                                                                                   8          5.7          5.7
Share premium                                                                                                   574.5        574.5
Capital redemption reserve                                                                                      101.7        101.7
Merger reserve                                                                                                  619.6        619.6
Retained earnings                                                                                               127.9         73.3
Total equity                                                                                                  1,429.4       1,374.8
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                               7         17.0              0.8
Current tax liabilities                                                                                           1.1                –
                                                                                                                 18.1              0.8
Total equity and liabilities                                                                                  1,447.5       1,375.6


Profit for the year                                                                                             108.8        103.7

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Company balance sheet.

The financial statements on pages 126 to 130 were approved by the Board of Directors on 29 May 2019 and signed on its behalf by:




Philip Aiken                         Craig Hayman                         Company number
Chairman                             Chief Executive Officer              2937296
                                                                      Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements         127




COMPANY STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
31 March 2019

                                                                                         Capital                                         Total
                                                             Share           Share   redemption      Merger    Profit and loss   shareholders’
                                                            capital       premium        reserve     reserve          account           funds
                                                               £m              £m            £m          £m                £m              £m

At 1 April 2017                                               2.3          27.3             –          4.0            84.7           118.3
Profit for the year                                             –             –             –            –           103.7           103.7
Shares issued to acquire SES, net of transaction costs        3.4         547.2             –      1,265.6               –         1,816.2
Issue and redemption of B shares                                –             –         101.7       (650.0)         (101.7)         (650.0)
Share-based payments                                            –             –             –            –             0.9             0.9
Share options granted to employees of subsidiary
  companies                                                      –              –             –           –             3.0              3.0
Dividends paid                                                   –              –             –           –           (17.3)           (17.3)
At 31 March 2018                                              5.7         574.5         101.7        619.6            73.3         1,374.8
Profit for the year                                             –             –             –            –           108.8           108.8
Share-based payments                                            –             –             –            –             6.6             6.6
Share options granted to employees of subsidiary
 companies                                                       –              –             –           –             4.7             4.7
Tax arising on share options                                     –              –             –           –             0.5             0.5
Dividends paid                                                   –              –             –           –           (66.0)          (66.0)
At 31 March 2019                                              5.7         574.5         101.7        619.6           127.9         1,429.4

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this Company statement of changes in shareholders’ equity.
128 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1 Authorisation of Financial Statements and Corporate information
The financial statements of AVEVA Group plc (the Company) for the year ended 31 March 2019 were authorised for issue by the Board of
Directors on 29 May 2019 and the balance sheet was signed on the Board’s behalf by Philip Aiken, the Chairman, and Craig Hayman, the
CEO. AVEVA Group plc is a limited Company incorporated and domiciled in England and Wales whose shares are publicly traded on the
London Stock Exchange. The principal activity of the Company is that of a holding company.

These financial statements were prepared in accordance with Financial Reporting Standard 101 Reduced Disclosure Framework (FRS
101) and in accordance with applicable accounting standards. The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis. The
accounting policies which follow set out those policies which apply in preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 March
2019. The financial statements are presented in sterling, rounded to the nearest £0.1m except when otherwise indicated.

No income statement is presented by the Company as permitted by section 408 of the Companies Act 2006. The results of AVEVA Group
plc are included in the Consolidated financial statements of AVEVA Group plc.

The Directors believe that the Company is well placed to manage its business risks successfully despite macroeconomic and geopolitical
uncertainties. It has considerable financial resources and no borrowings. As a consequence of these factors and having reviewed the
forecasts for the coming year, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that there are adequate resources to continue in operational
existence for the foreseeable future. Thus, they continue to adopt the going concern basis of accounting in preparing the annual financial
statements.

2 Summary of significant accounting policies
Explained below are the significant accounting policies of the Company. The full Statement of Group Accounting Policies is included on
pages 131 to 136.

a) Basis of accounting
The Company has taken advantage of the following disclosure exemptions under FRS 101:
• the requirements of IAS 7: Statement of Cash Flows
• the requirements of IAS 8: IFRSs issued but not effective
• the requirements of IFRS 2: Share based payments
• the requirements of IFRS 7: Financial Instruments: Disclosures
• the requirements of IFRS 13: Fair Value measurements
• the requirements of IAS 24: Related party disclosures
The basis for all of the above exemptions is because equivalent disclosures are included in the Consolidated financial statements of the
Group in which the entity is consolidated.

b) Taxation
Corporation tax payable is provided on taxable profits using the tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
the balance sheet date.

Deferred tax is recognised in respect of all timing differences that have originated but not reversed at the balance sheet date where
transactions or events that result in an obligation to pay more, or a right to pay less, tax in the future have occurred at the balance sheet
date. Deferred tax is measured on a non-discounted basis at the average tax rates that are expected to apply in periods in which timing
differences reverse, based on tax rates and laws enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

c) Share-based payments
The accounting policy in relation to share-based payment transactions is disclosed in full in the Consolidated financial statements. The
Company recognises the expense relating to the Executive Directors. The Company also records a corresponding increase in its
investments in subsidiaries with a credit to equity which is equivalent to the IFRS 2 cost in subsidiary undertakings.

d) Investments in subsidiaries
Fixed asset investments in subsidiaries are shown at cost less provision for impairment.

3 Result for the year
AVEVA Group plc reported a profit for the financial year ended 31 March 2019 of £108.8m (2018: profit of £103.7m).

Audit fees of £7,000 (2018: £7,000) are borne by another Group company.

The Company does not have any employees (2018: nil). Directors’ emoluments are disclosed in the Remuneration Report on pages 60 to
79, and in respect of the Executive Directors were paid by a UK subsidiary company.
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements     129




4 Dividends
                                                                                                                         2019          2018
                                                                                                                           £m            £m

Declared and paid during the year
Interim 2018/19 dividend paid of 14.0 pence (2017/18: nil) per ordinary share                                           22.5              –
Final 2017/18 dividend paid of 27.0 pence (2016/17: 30.0 pence) per ordinary share                                      43.5           17.3
                                                                                                                        66.0           17.3
Proposed for approval by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting
Final 2018/19 proposed dividend of 29.0 pence (2017/18: 27.0 pence) per ordinary share                                  46.8          43.5

The proposed final dividend is subject to approval by shareholders at the Annual General Meeting on 8 July 2019 and has not been
included as a liability in these financial statements. If approved at the Annual General Meeting, the final dividend will be paid on 2 August
2019 to shareholders on the register at the close of business on 5 July 2019.

5 Investments
                                                                                                                                         £m

Cost and net book value
At 1 April 2018                                                                                                                    1,303.7
Additions                                                                                                                             21.3
At 31 March 2019                                                                                                                   1,325.0

Details of the Company’s subsidiary undertakings are set out in note 18 in the Consolidated financial statements of the Group.

6 Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                                         2019          2018
                                                                                                                           £m            £m

Amounts owed by Group undertakings                                                                                     121.0          71.6


7 Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                         2019          2018
                                                                                                                           £m            £m

Accruals                                                                                                                 3.2            0.8
Amounts owed to Group undertakings                                                                                      13.8              –
                                                                                                                        17.0            0.8


8 Share capital
                                                                                                                         2019          2018
                                                                                                                           £m            £m

Allotted, called-up and fully paid
161,287,697 (2018: 161,207,315) ordinary shares of 3.56 pence each                                                       5.7            5.7

Details of the shares issued during the year and the prior year are as follows:

                                                                                    2019             2019             2018             2018
                                                                                  Number               £m           Number               £m

At 1 April                                                                161,207,315                5.7      63,975,869                2.3
Issued as consideration for the purchase of SES                                     –                  –      97,169,655                3.4
Exercise of share options                                                      80,382                  –          61,791                  –
At 31 March                                                               161,287,697                5.7     161,207,315                5.7

On 1 March 2018 the Company issued 97,169,655 (2017: nil) consideration shares of 3.56 pence each with a nominal value of £3.4m
(2017: nil). The issue of new shares in the Company in exchange for shares in SES has attracted merger relief under section 612 of the
Companies Act 2006. Of the £1,817.9m fair value of the shares issued, £3.4m (3.56 pence per ordinary share) has been credited to share
capital, £547.2m (after writing off certain transaction costs) to share premium, and the remaining £1,265.6m to the merger reserve
within equity.
130 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




NOTES TO THE COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED

8 Share capital continued
On 1 March 2018 the Company issued 64,037,660 B shares of £10.15 each paid up by capitalisation of £650.0m of the merger reserve.
Later on the same date the B shares were redeemed at £10.15 per share, in part out of the fresh issue referred to above and as to
£101.7m out of distributable reserves (which was transferred to capital redemption reserve).

During the year the Company issued 80,382 (2018: 61,791) ordinary shares of 3.56 pence each with a nominal value of £2,858 (2018:
£2,197) pursuant to the exercise of share options. The total proceeds were £2,858 (2018: £2,197), which included a premium of £nil
(2018: £nil).

Details of share options awarded to Executive Directors during the year are contained in the Directors’ remuneration report. Note 30 of
the Consolidated financial statements for the Group includes details of share option awards made during the year.

9 Related party transactions
During the year the Company made a payment of £19.4m to Schneider Electric, a related party, in relation to the finalised completion
accounts following the acquisition of SES.

There are no related party balances held at 31 March 2019.
                                                                        Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements       131




STATEMENT OF GROUP ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Statement of compliance
The Consolidated financial statements of AVEVA Group plc and all its subsidiaries (the Group) have been prepared in accordance with
IFRS, as adopted by the European Union, as they apply to the financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2019. The
Group’s financial statements are also consistent with IFRSs as issued by the IASB.

The parent Company financial statements of AVEVA Group plc have been prepared under the FRS 101 reduced disclosure framework
and are included on pages 126 to 130.

Basis of consolidation
The Consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of AVEVA Group plc and its subsidiaries as at 31 March each
year. The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared using existing GAAP for each country of operation. Adjustments are made to
translate any differences that may exist between the respective local GAAP and IFRSs.

Inter-company balances and transactions, including unrealised profits arising from intra-Group transactions, have been eliminated in
full. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is obtained by the Group and cease to be consolidated from the date on
which control is transferred out of the Group. On acquisition, assets and liabilities of subsidiaries are measured at their fair values at the
date of acquisition, with any excess of the cost of acquisition over this value being capitalised as goodwill.

SES entities are a combination of software legal entities in certain countries and the software portion of other legal entities that also
include non-software related businesses. The software portion of these legal entities has been carved-out and included in this combined
financial information as described in this basis of preparation. Assets and liabilities have been measured at the carrying amount at
which they would be included in each of the combined entities separate financial statements (whether resulting from a carve-out from a
larger legal entity or incorporated in a separate legal entity as a subsidiary), based on Schneider Electric’s date of transition to IFRS as
endorsed by the EU on April 1, 2004.

Assets and liabilities of software operations carved-out from legal entities with other non-software operations have been initially
recorded through group funding (expressed as amounts receivable from/payable to related parties) at their carrying value in the
separate financial statements of the legal entity to which these assets and liabilities belong to as described above. Subsequently, the
cash generated or consumed by such carved-out entities has been reflected as a debit or credit to group funding and has been reflected
accordingly in the cash flow statement in the line “change in funding with related parties”. Last, at the time of the legal reorganisation of
each of these carved-out operations into a separate dedicated legal entity/subsidiary, group funding has been recorded as equity or
current account with a related party (the Schneider Electric Group).

Some of the operations of SES reflected in the combined financial information have not existed as separate legal entities for the entire
financial years for which information is presented. The revenues and costs of these operations have been carved-out from the legal
entities in which these operations are included using historical information relating to SES transactions included in the accounting
information systems and management reporting of the Schneider Electric Group.

Direct and indirect costs reflected in the combined financial statements include costs that were charged to SES by Schneider Electric
related to the operations of SES. Indirect costs relate to certain support functions that, prior to completion of the combination, were
provided on a centralised basis within Schneider Electric and Schneider Electric shared service centre locations. For all carved-out
operations, other indirect costs incurred have been allocated using reasonable and consistent conventions based on the type of costs
involved to provide the fairest approximation of the cost of services received based on amounts actually attributable to the carved-out
SES operations.

Current income tax, other than taxes owed to a tax jurisdiction (i.e. for combined entities that are not a separate tax entity of their own
but are included or consolidated in a larger tax entity), was deemed to have been settled by or to Schneider Electric and recorded against
group funding when income tax profits/deficits continue to belong to the combined entity under applicable tax law or contract with their
tax parent, in the year the related income tax was recorded. The current income tax charge and position included in the combined
financial information may not be indicative of the financial position, results and cash flows that would have been presented if SES had
been a standalone entity.

Business Combinations
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method.

Identifying the acquirer in a business combination is based on the concept of ‘control’. Normally, where an acquisition is affected by an
exchange of equity interests, the shareholders of the entity that issues securities (the legal parent entity) retain the majority holding in
the combined group. The positions might be reversed in certain circumstances, where it is the legal subsidiary entity’s shareholders who
effectively control the combined group, even though the other party is the legal parent. In the case of the legal acquisition of SES, the
financial statements are a continuation of the accounting acquirer (SES) and reflect the acquisition of the legal acquirer (AVEVA Group
plc).
132 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




STATEMENT OF GROUP ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate of the consideration transferred, which is measured at acquisition date fair
value. In the case of a reverse acquisition, this represents the consideration transferred by the accounting acquirer, as opposed to the
legal acquirer. Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.
Contingent consideration classified as equity is not remeasured and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent
consideration is measured at fair value with the changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred and included in administrative expenses. In the case of a reverse acquisition, the
costs incurred by the legal acquirer (AVEVA Group plc) are considered to be pre-acquisition and are not therefore included within the
income statement.

Goodwill is initially measured at cost (being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred over the net identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed). In the case of a reverse acquisition, the net identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, are
those of the legal acquirer (AVEVA Group plc). After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment
losses. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-
generating units that are expected to benefit from the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the acquiree are
assigned to those units.

Adoption of new and revised standards
The Group has applied IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and IFRS 9 Financial Instruments for the first time for the annual
reporting period commencing 1 April 2018. For further detail regarding the adoption of these accounting standards, please refer to note
31. No other standards or interpretations came into force during the year which had a significant impact on the Group’s financial
statements.

New standards and interpretations not yet effective
The IASB have issued the following standards (although in some cases not yet adopted by the EU) which are expected to have
implications for the reporting of the financial position or performance of the Group or which will require additional disclosures in future
financial years:

                                                                                                                              Effective for periods
                                                                                                                                commencing after

IFRS 16                                Leases                                                                               1 January 2019
IFRIC Interpretation 23                Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatment                                                1 January 2019
Annual Improvements 2017                                                                                                    1 January 2019
Amendments to IAS 28                                                                                                        1 January 2019
Amendments to IAS 19                                                                                                        1 January 2019

The Group intends to adopt these standards in the first accounting period after the effective date. The Directors do not expect that the
adoption of the Standards listed above will have a material impact on the financial statements of the Group in future periods, except as
noted below:

IFRS 16 Leases
IFRS 16 will replace the current requirements of IAS 17. IFRS 16 requires lessees to recognise new assets, in the form of right of use
assets and corresponding liabilities under an on balance sheet accounting model, similar to current finance leases accounting. AVEVA
will adopt the standard from 1 April 2019, with the first application in the financial year ending 31 March 2020. The Group will apply the
standard without restating figures for comparative periods, under the modified retrospective approach. As a practical expedient, AVEVA
will not reassess whether a contract is or contains a lease at the date of initial application.

The Group has assessed the impact that the adoption of IFRS 16 will have on the financial statements and relevant indicators and the
implications on the business practices. Analyses are undertaken in the context of the recent Business Combination, using the available
exemptions for short term leases (including leases with a residual maturity below twelve months) and low value leases (<£5,000).

In the Consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the right of use asset will be depreciated using the straight-line method and
finance related cost/interest will be recognised on the liability. When the standard is implemented on 1 April 2019, AVEVA estimates that
the impact on the assets will be between £57.0m and £67.0m, together with an additional lease liability of the same amount. Net right of
use assets are estimated at between £71.4m and £81.4m, including £14.3m relating to a favourable lease transferred from intangible
assets. The impact on the income statement in future periods is not expected to be material.

Existing operating lease commitments are set out in note 26 of the consolidated financial statements.

Foreign currencies
The functional and presentational currency of AVEVA Group plc is Pounds Sterling (£). Transactions in foreign currencies are initially
recorded at the functional currency rate ruling at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies are retranslated at the functional currency rate of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date. All differences are taken to the
Consolidated income statement.
                                                                                             Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements    133




Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate as at the
date of the initial transaction.

The subsidiaries have a number of different functional currencies. As at the reporting date, the assets and liabilities of these overseas
subsidiaries are translated into Pounds Sterling (£) at the rate of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date, and their income statements
are translated at the average exchange rates for the year. Exchange differences arising on the retranslation are taken directly to the
Consolidated statement of other comprehensive income.

Goodwill
Goodwill on acquisitions is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the cost of the business combination over the acquirer’s interest
in the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at
cost less any accumulated impairment losses.

Where goodwill forms part of a cash-generating unit and part of the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated
with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the
operation. Goodwill disposed of in this circumstance is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation disposed of and the
portion of the cash-generating unit retained.

If the potential benefit of tax losses or other deferred tax assets does not satisfy the criteria in IFRS 3 for separate recognition when a
business combination is initially accounted for but is subsequently realised, the Group recognises the deferred tax income in the
Consolidated income statement.

Intangible assets
Intangible assets acquired separately are capitalised at cost and from a business acquisition are capitalised at fair value as at the date of
acquisition. Following initial recognition, the cost model is applied to each class of intangible asset as set out below.

Expenditure on internally developed intangible assets, excluding development costs, is taken to the Consolidated income statement in
the year in which it is incurred. Internal software development expenditure is recognised as an intangible asset only after its technical
feasibility and commercial viability can be demonstrated.

Useful lives are also examined on an annual basis and adjustments, where applicable, are made on a prospective basis. Amortisation is
calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful economic lives of the asset, which are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                           Years

Developed technology                                                                                                                                   3–12
Customer relationships                                                                                                                                 5–20
Purchased brands1                                                                                                                                        n/a
Trademarks                                                                                                                                             5–15
Other software                                                                                                                                          3–7
Purchased software rights                                                                                                                              3–10
Favourable Leases                                                                                                                         Length of contract
Capitalised Research & Development                                                                                                                      3–5

1   Brands held are considered to have indefinite lives, therefore no amortisation is charged.


Research expenditure
Research expenditure is written off in the year of expenditure.

Government grants
Grants in respect of specific Research & Development projects are recognised as receivable when there is reasonable assurance that
they will be received and the conditions to obtain them have been complied with. They are credited to the income statement in the same
period as the related Research & Development costs for which the grant is compensating. The grant income is presented as a deduction
from the related expense.

Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost less depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.

Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis to write down the assets to their estimated residual value over the useful economic life
of the asset as follows:
                                                                                                                                                           Years

Computer Equipment                                                                                                                                           3
Fixtures, fittings and office equipment                                                                                                                    6–8
Motor vehicles                                                                                                                                               4

Leasehold buildings and improvements are amortised on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease (3 to 49 years) or useful
economic life, if shorter.
134 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




STATEMENT OF GROUP ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

Impairment of assets
Goodwill arising on acquisition is allocated to cash-generating units expected to benefit from the combination’s synergies and represents
the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and generates cash flows which are independent of
other cash-generating units. The recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
impairment annually or when events or changes in circumstance indicate that it might be impaired. The carrying values of property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets other than goodwill are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstance indicate
the carrying value may be impaired. If any such indication exists and where the carrying values exceed the estimated recoverable
amount, the assets or cash-generating units are written down to their recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the greater of net
selling price and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
post-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. For an
asset that does not generate largely independent cash inflows, the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to
which the asset belongs. If the initial allocation of goodwill acquired in a business combination cannot be completed before the end of the
first annual period in which the business combination is effected, that initial allocation shall be completed before the end of the first
annual period beginning after the acquisition date. Impairment losses are recognised in the income statement in the administrative
expenses line item.

Trade and other receivables
Trade receivables, which generally have 30 to 90 day terms, are recognised and carried at original invoice amount less an allowance for
any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful debts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts
are written off when identified.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and short-term deposits in the Consolidated balance sheet comprise cash at bank and in hand and short-term deposits with an
original maturity of three months or less. The carrying amount of these approximates their fair value. For the purpose of the Consolidated
cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as defined above, net of outstanding bank
overdrafts.

Derivative financial instruments
The only derivative financial instruments the Group holds are forward foreign exchange contracts to reduce exposure to foreign
exchange risk. The Group does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. All forward foreign exchange
contracts have been marked-to-market and are held at fair value on the Consolidated balance sheet. The Group has not applied hedge
accounting during the year and therefore movements in fair value are being recorded in the Consolidated income statement. Fair value is
estimated using the settlement rates prevailing at the period end.

Leases
Leases where the lessor retains substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership of the asset are classified as operating leases.
Operating lease payments are recognised as an expense in the Consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the lease
term.

Taxation
The Group is subject to income tax in numerous jurisdictions. The Group recognises provisions for tax based on estimates of taxes that
are likely to become due. Where the final tax outcome is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will
impact the current income tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determinations are made.

Deferred income tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the balance sheet date between the tax bases
of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

The UK Research & Development Credit (RDEC) is recognised in the income statement and netted off Research & Development expenses
as the RDEC is of the nature of a government grant.

Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences:
• except where the deferred income tax liability arises from goodwill amortisation or the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
  transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable
  profit or loss; and
• in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, except where the timing of the reversal of the
  temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
                                                                         Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements       135




Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax assets and unused tax
losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, carry-
forward of unused tax assets and unused tax losses can be utilised:
• except where the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an
   asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting
   profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
• in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, deferred tax assets are only recognised to
   the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available
   against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised.

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset is realised
or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.

The income tax effects of items recorded in either other comprehensive income or equity are recognised in the Consolidated statement of
comprehensive income or the Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity respectively. Otherwise, income tax is
recognised in the Consolidated income statement.

Revenue, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of sales taxes except:
• where the sales tax incurred on a purchase of goods and services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case the
   sales tax is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable; and
• receivables and payables are stated with the amount of sales taxes included.
The net amount of sales taxes recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in the
Consolidated balance sheet.

Post retirement benefits
For the defined benefit schemes, the defined benefit obligation is calculated annually for each plan by qualified external actuaries using
the projected unit credit method which attributes entitlement to benefits to the current period (to determine current service cost) and to
the current and prior periods (to determine the present value of defined benefit obligation). The retirement benefit liability in the
Consolidated balance sheet represents the present value of the defined benefit obligation (using a discount rate derived from a published
index of AA rated corporate bonds) as reduced by the fair value of plan assets out of which the obligations are to be settled directly. Fair
value is based on market price information and in the case of quoted securities is the published bid price. The value of a net pension
benefit asset is restricted to the present value of any amount the Group expects to recover by way of refunds from the plan or reductions
in the future contributions. The current service cost is recognised in the Consolidated income statement as an employee benefit expense.
The net interest element of the defined benefit cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset.

Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments or changes in actuarial assumptions are credited or charged in the
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.

The Group also operates defined contribution pension schemes for a number of UK and non-UK employees. Contributions to defined
contribution plans are charged to profit before tax as they become payable.

Share-based payments
The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted,
further details of which are given in note 30.

The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the
performance conditions are fulfilled, ending on the date on which the relevant employees become fully entitled to the award (vesting
date). The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent
to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest.

No expense is recognised for awards that do not ultimately vest, except for awards where vesting is conditional upon a market condition,
which are treated as vesting irrespective of whether or not the market condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance
conditions are satisfied.
136 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




STATEMENT OF GROUP ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONTINUED

Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the terms had not been modified.
In addition, an expense is recognised for any increase in the value of the transaction as a result of the modification, as measured at the
date of modification.

Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation and any expense not yet
recognised for the award is recognised immediately. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and designated as
a replacement award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of the
original award, as described in the previous paragraph.

The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of earnings per share, subject to an
estimate of whether performance conditions will be met.

Employee benefit trust
The Group has established an employee benefit trust (AVEVA Group Employee Benefit Trust 2008), which is a separately administered
trust and is funded by loans from Group companies. The assets of the trust comprise shares in AVEVA Group plc and cash balances. The
Group recognises assets and liabilities of the trust in the Consolidated financial statements and shares held by the trust are recorded at
cost as a deduction from shareholders’ equity.

Consideration received for the sale of shares held by the trust is recognised in equity, with any difference between the proceeds from the
sale and the original cost being taken to retained earnings.
                                                                         Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements     137




FULL LIST OF ADDRESSES AND SUBSIDIARIES

A full list of addresses of all subsidiaries and significant holdings is provided below, alphabetically by country within each region.

Head office                                                              Schneider Electric Software RU
AVEVA Group plc                                                          Moika Embankment 58
                                                                         lit. A, of. 504 190 000
High Cross
                                                                         St. Petersburg
Madingley Road
                                                                         Russia
Cambridge
CB3 0HB
                                                                         Schneider Electric Software Spain S.L.
UK
                                                                         Calle Valgrande 6
EMEA                                                                     Alcobendas 28108
                                                                         Madrid
AVEVA Denmark A/S                                                        Spain
Sofiendalsvej 5A
9200 Aalborg SV                                                          AVEVA AB
Denmark                                                                  PO Box 50555, Drottninggatan 18
                                                                         SE-202 15
AVEVA SA                                                                 Malmo
5 Square Felix Nadar                                                     Sweden
Bat C, 94300 Vincennes
France                                                                   Wonderware Scandinavia AB
                                                                         Mobilvagen 10,
Schneider Electric Software France SAS                                   223 62, Skane lan
35 Rue Joseph Monier                                                     Lund
92506 Rueil Malmaison                                                    Sweden
France
                                                                         AVEVA Yazilim VE Hizmetleri A.S.
AVEVA GmbH                                                               Kurtköy Aeropark, Yenişehir Mahallesi, Osmanlı Bulvarı
Otto-Volger-Street 7c                                                    No:11 Kat 5 A/28, 34912 Pendik/İstanbul
65843 Sulzbach (Taunus)                                                  Turkey
Germany
                                                                         Schneider Electric Software Middle East FZE
Schneider Electric Software Germany GmbH                                 Plot. No. S10809
Altrottstraße 31                                                         P.O. Box 61495
Walldorf                                                                 Jebel Ali
69190                                                                    Dubai
Germany                                                                  UAE

Schneider Electric Software Italia SPA                                   AVEVA Solutions Limited
Wonderware Italia S.p.A.                                                 AVEVA Finance Limited
Viale Milano no. 177                                                     AVEVA Financing Limited
GALLARATE                                                                CADCentre Property Limited
Milan
                                                                         FabTrol Systems, UK Limited
Italy
                                                                         LFM Software Limited
AVEVA (The Netherlands) B.V.                                             AVEVA Limited
Schneider Electric Software Netherlands B.V.                             AVEVA Consulting Limited
Schneider Electric Software Holdings Netherlands B.V.                    AVEVA Engineering IT Limited
Baarnsche dijk 10 B                                                      AVEVA Managed Services Limited
3741LS Baarn                                                             CadCentre Limited
Netherlands
                                                                         CadCentre Engineering IT Limited
AVEVA AS                                                                 Cadcentre Pension Trustees Limited
Golf Tower                                                               Tribon Solutions (UK) Limited
Kanalsletta 2,N-4033 Stavanger                                           High Cross
Norway                                                                   Madingley Road
                                                                         Cambridge
AVEVA Limited Liability                                                  CB3 0HB
Company                                                                  UK
3rd Floor, Office 9, Lit 4
Pavlovskaya Street 7, 115093
Moscow
Russia
138 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




FULL LIST OF ADDRESSES AND SUBSIDIARIES CONTINUED

8over8 Limited                                        Schneider Electric Software Colombia S.A.S.
Northern Ireland Science Park                         Calle 69 A No. 4-77 Bogota
Fort George, Bay Road                                 Colombia
Londonderry
BT48 7TG                                              AVEVA Software and Services S.A de C.V.
UK                                                    AVEVA de Mexico S. de R.L.
                                                      AV. Insurgentes Sur No. 863, Piso 7
Schneider Electric Software GB Limited
                                                      Col. Napoles, Deleg Benito Juarez
101 Science Park                                      D.F. CP 06600
Milton Road                                           Mexico
Cambridge
CB4 0FY                                               Schneider Electric Software Mexico SA de CV
UK
                                                      Ejercito National No. 904, Palmas Polanco
                                                      Ciudad de Mexico
Americas
                                                      11560
Schneider Electric Software Argentina S.A.            Mexico
Suipacha 1111, Floor 11
Buenos Aires                                          AVEVA Software, LLC
C1008AAW                                              Wonderware de Mexico, Inc.
Argentina                                             Wonderware of Venezuela, Inc.
                                                      2711 Centerville Road
AVEVA do Brasil Informática Ltda                      Suite 400
Torre Rio Sul                                         Wilmington Delaware
Rua Lauro Muller                                      DE 19808
116 Sala 2202, 2203, 2204 and 2205                    USA
Botaforgo – Rio de Janeiro
Cep: 22.290-160                                       AVEVA Inc.
Brazil                                                10350 Richmond Avenue, Suite 400
                                                      Houston
Schneider Electric Software Brasil Ltda.              TX 77042
Rua Alves Guimaraoes                                  USA
No. 462, conj. 41/42
Pinheiros                                             Asia Pacific
Sao Paulo                                             AVEVA Pty Limited
05410-000
                                                      The Forest Centre
Brazil
                                                      Suite 5, Level 29
                                                      221 St Georges Terrace,
Schneider Electric Software Canada Inc.
                                                      Perth,
49 Quarry Park Blvd. SE                               WA 6000
Calgary Alberta AB T2C 5H9                            Australia
Canada
                                                      8over8 Pty Limited
AVEVA Chile S.p.A.
                                                      L29, 108 St Georges Terrace
Calle Andrés Bello 2711                               Perth, WA 6000
Office 1701                                           Australia
Chile
                                                      Schneider Electric Software Australia Pty Ltd
Schneider Electric Software Chile S.p.A.
                                                      AVEVA Software Australia Holdings Pty Ltd
222 Ricardo Lyon Av
                                                      78 Waterloo Road
Office 501
                                                      Macquarie Park
Providencia
                                                      New South Wales 2113
Santiago
                                                      Australia
Chile

AVEVA Colombia S.A.S                                  AVEVA (Shanghai) Consultancy Co. Limited
World Trade Center
                                                      AVEVA Solutions (Shanghai) Co.
Calle 100 No. 8a-49                                   Limited
TorreB, PH,                                           Unit 1503-1506, YouYou International Plaza
Oficina 22. Bogota                                    No. 76 Pu Jian Road
Colombia                                              Shanghai 200127
                                                      China
                                                                  Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements 139




Telvent Control Systems (China) Co. Ltd                           AVEVA Pte Limited
Middle Zone, 2/F, No.1 Building                                   Schneider Electric Software Holdings Singapore Pte. Ltd.
No. 2, 2nd Liangshuihe River Street                               15 Changi Business Park
Beijing Economic & Technological Development Area                 Central 1
100176 Beijing                                                    unit #03-01/05
China                                                             Singapore 486057
                                                                  Singapore
AVEVA East Asia Limited
Room 1501                                                         AVEVA Korea Limited
Grand Millennium Plaza (lower block)                              14th Floor, Haesung 2 Building
181 Queens Road                                                   942-10 Daechi-dong, Kangnam-gu Seoul
Central Hong Kong                                                 Republic of Korea
Hong Kong
                                                                  Schneider Electric Software Korea Ltd
AVEVA Information Technology India Private Limited
                                                                  13F, Kbiz DMC Tower
Unit No 202, Wing A, 2nd Floor                                    189, Seongam-ro
Supreme Business Park, Supreme City, Powai                        Mapo-gu Seoul
Mumbai 400 076                                                    South Korea
India
                                                                  Schneider Electric Software Korea Ltd
AVEVA Solutions India LLP
                                                                  Wonderware Korea Co. Ltd.
Tower 2.1, 2nd/4th Floor, WaveRock
                                                                  13F, Kbiz DMC Tower
Sy.no 115 APIIC IT/ITE SEZ
                                                                  189, Seongam-ro
Nanakramguda
                                                                  Mapo-gu Seoul
Gachibowli, Hyderabad – 500008
                                                                  Republic of Korea
India

AVEVA Software India Private Limited                              Schneider Electric Software (Thailand) Co., Ltd
                                                                  No. 46 Rungrojthanakul Building, 1st,
3rd Floor,
                                                                  10th - 11th Floors
Plot No 97 & 98
                                                                  Ratchadapisek Road
Survey Nos 40 Part 41 Guttala, Begumpet Village Serilingampally
                                                                  Huaykwang Subdistrict
Hyderabad
                                                                  Huaykwang District
Telangana-500081
                                                                  Bangkok
India
                                                                  Thailand
Schneider Electric Software India Private Limited
Salarpuria Touchstone,
Survey No.15A
Portion of Survey No 14
P7, Kadubeesanahalli
Varthur Hobli
Bangalore
Karnataka - 560037
India

AVEVA KK
Nisseki Yokohama Bldg
19F 1-1-8, Sakuragi-cho,
Naka-ku, Yokohama
231-0062
Japan

Schneider Electric Software Japan Inc
OASE Shibaura MJ Building
2-15-6 Shibaura
Minato-ku
Tokyo
Japan

AVEVA Asia Pacific Sendirian Berhad
AVEVA Sendirian Berhad
Level 7, Menara Milenium,
Jalan Damanlela, Pusat Bandar
Damansara Heights, 50490 Kuala Lumpur,
Malaysia
140 AVEVA Group plc Annual Report and Accounts 2019




COMPANY INFORMATION AND ADVISERS

DIRECTORS
Philip Aiken               Chairman
Craig Hayman               Chief Executive
James Kidd                 Deputy Chief Executive & CFO
Emmanuel Babeau            Non-Executive Director
Peter Herweck              Non-Executive Director
Jennifer Allerton          Independent Non-Executive Director
Christopher Humphrey       Independent Non-Executive Director
Ron Mobed                  Independent Non-Executive Director
Paula Dowdy                Independent Non-Executive Director (appointed 1 February 2019)

COMPANY SECRETARY
David Ward

REGISTERED OFFICE
High Cross
Madingley Road
Cambridge CB3 0HB

REGISTERED NUMBER
2937296

AUDITOR
Ernst & Young LLP
One Cambridge Business Park
Cambridge CB4 0WZ

BANKERS
Barclays Bank plc
9–11 St Andrews Street
Cambridge CB2 3AA

SOLICITORS
Ashurst LLP
London Fruit & Wool Exchange
1 Duval Square
London E1 6PW

Mills & Reeve LLP
Botanic House
100 Hills Road
Cambridge CB2 1PH

STOCKBROKERS
Numis Securities Limited
The London Stock Exchange Building
10 Paternoster Square
London EC4M 7LT

J.P. Morgan Cazenove
25 Bank Street
Canary Wharf
London E14 5JP

REGISTRARS
Link Asset Services
The Registry
34 Beckenham Road
Beckenham BR3 4TU

FINANCIAL PR
FTI Consulting
200 Aldersgate Street
London EC1A 4HD
                                                                Strategic Report | Governance Report | Financial Statements     141




GLOSSARY

AGM – Annual General Meeting                                    IIoT – Industrial Internet of Things

AI – Artificial Intelligence                                    Industry 4.0 – The name given to the fourth industrial revolution;
                                                                this includes cyber-physical systems, the Internet of Things, cloud
AR – Augmented Reality                                          computing and artificial intelligence

AVEVA E3D – AVEVA Everything3D                                  ISAs UK – International Standards on Auditing (UK)

AVEVA LIFE – AVEVA’s newly-developed set of values              KPI – Key Performance Indicators

CAD – Computer-Aided Design                                     LTIP – Long-Term Incentive Plans

CEO – Chief Executive Officer                                   MT3D – More than 3D

CFO – Chief Financial Officer                                   NED – Non-Executive Director

CGUs – Cash Generating Units                                    OO – Owner Operator

CHRO – Chief Human Resources Officer                            PBT – Profit before tax

CIO – Chief Information Officer                                 R&D – Research & Development

COO – Chief Operating Officer                                   RCF – Rolling Credit Facility

CTO – Chief Technology Officer                                  Revenue haircut – An adjustment to revenue of £8.6m for the
                                                                12 months to 31 March 2019 reflecting an acquisition accounting
Digital Twin – A digital replica of a physical asset that can   adjustment to deferred revenue on the opening balance sheet
understand the asset’s state, respond to changes, improve
business operations and add value                               RDEC – Research & Development Expenditure Credit

EBT – Employee Benefit Trust                                    RSP – Restricted Share Plan

ELT – Executive Leadership Team                                 SaaS – Software as a Service

EMEA – Europe, Middle East & Africa                             SES – Schneider Electric industrial software business

EPC – Engineering Procurement and Construction                  SLT – Strategic Leadership Team

EPS – Earnings per share                                        STEM – Science, Technology, Engineering & Maths

ERM – Enterprise Resource Management                            TSA – Transitional Services Agreement. An arrangement where
                                                                Schneider Electric continues to provide infrastructure support and
EY – Ernst & Young                                              back office resource for legal entities transferred in the sale to
                                                                AVEVA for a monthly fee, for an agreed time period
FCA – Financial Conduct Authority
                                                                TSR – Total Shareholder Return
FRC – Financial Reporting Council
                                                                VIU – Value in use
GDPR – General Data Protection Regulation
                                                                VR – Virtual Reality
GHG – Greenhouse Gas
                                                                WAEP – weighted average exercise price
IE&D – Integrated Engineering and Design
                                                                WISE – Women in Science and Engineering
IFRSs – International Financial Reporting Standards
