Beyond
2018 Annual Report
Our Business
Teck is a diversified resource company committed to responsible mining and mineral
development with business units focused on steelmaking coal, copper, zinc and energy.
Headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia (B.C.), Canada, we own or have interests
in 13 operating mines, a large metallurgical complex, and several major development
projects in the Americas. We have expertise across a wide range of activities related
to exploration, development, mining and minerals processing, including smelting and
refining, health and safety, environmental protection, materials stewardship, recycling
and research.
Our corporate strategy is focused on exploring for, developing, acquiring and operating
world-class, long-life assets in stable jurisdictions that operate through multiple price
cycles. We maximize productivity and efficiency at our existing operations, maintain a
strong balance sheet, and are nimble in recognizing and acting on opportunities. The pursuit
of sustainability guides our approach to business, and we recognize that our success
depends on our ability to establish safe workplaces for our people and collaborative
relationships with communities.


Mineral reserve and resource estimates for our properties are disclosed in our most recent Annual Information Form, which is
available on our website at www.teck.com, under Teck’s profile at www.sedar.com (SEDAR), and on the EDGAR section of the
United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov.

Forward-Looking Statements
This annual report contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the “Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements”
on page 69.

All dollar amounts expressed throughout this report are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted.




In This Report
Our Business                                      1         Zinc                                              26
2018 Highlights                                   3         Energy                                            30
Letter from the Chairman Emeritus                 4         Exploration                                       34
Letter from the Chair                             6         Financial Overview                                35
Letter from the CEO                               8         Consolidated Financial Statements                 71
Responsibility                                   10         Board of Directors                            141
Management’s Discussion and Analysis             12         Officers                                      144
Steelmaking Coal                                 15         Corporate Information                         145
Copper                                           20




On the cover: Copper from our Quebrada Blanca Operations, located in the Tarapacá Region of northern Chile.         Our Business   1
                              1




                                                                                   2
                                                                                       1



                                                                           1
                                                                       1
    Steelmaking Coal                                               *       2
                                                                               3
                                                                                   2


    We are the world’s second-largest seaborne
    exporter of steelmaking coal, with six operations
    in Western Canada that have significant
    high-quality steelmaking coal reserves.


    Copper
    We are a significant copper producer in the Americas,
    with four operating mines in Canada, Chile and Peru, and
    copper development projects in North and South America.


    Zinc
    We are one of the world’s largest producers of mined zinc,
    with three operating mines in the United States and Peru,
    and we own one of the world’s largest fully integrated zinc
    and lead smelting and refining facilities located in Canada.                           2



    Energy
    We have an interest in a large producing oil sands mine in                                     3
    Alberta, as well as oil sands development assets.

                                                                                               4



    Operations and Major Projects:

    Steelmaking Coal                       Zinc
    1   Cardinal River                      1   Red Dog
    2   Steelmaking coal sites in B.C.      2   Trail Operations
        · Fording River                     3   Pend Oreille
        · Greenhills
                                           Energy
        · Line Creek
                                           1    Fort Hills
        · Elkview
        · Coal Mountain                     2   Frontier

    Copper                                 Corporate Head Office
    1   Highland Valley Copper             * Vancouver
    2   Antamina
    3   Quebrada Blanca
    4   Carmen de Andacollo                     Operation          Project



2   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
2018 Highlights
Safety
•    Reduced High-Potential Incident Frequency by 28%
•    Reduced Lost-Time Injury Frequency by 21%
•    Completed implementation of Courageous Safety Leadership, in which 97% of employees participated

Financial
•    Record revenues of $12.6 billion
•    Record gross profit before depreciation and amortization1, 2 of $6.1 billion, record profit attributable to shareholders
     of $3.1 billion ($5.41 per share) and record EBITDA1, 2 of $6.2 billion
•    Cash flow from operations of $4.4 billion
•    Reduced our outstanding debt by $1.4 billion
•    Completed the sale of our two-thirds interest in the Waneta Dam for proceeds of $1.2 billion
•    Acquired an additional 13.5% indirect interest in the subsidiary that owns the Quebrada Blanca Phase 2 project, and
     subsequently announced that Sumitomo Metal Mining Co., Ltd. and Sumitomo Corporation will subscribe for a 30% indirect
     interest in the subsidiary that owns the Quebrada Blanca Phase 2 project by contributing US$1.2 billion to the project
•    Increased our main revolving credit facility by US$1.0 billion to US$4.0 billion and extended the maturity date to
     November 2023
•    Returned $172 million in cash to shareholders through dividends and completed $189 million in share buybacks
•    Ended the year with $1.7 billion of cash and $7.2 billion of liquidity

Operating and Development
•    Our Board approved the construction of the Quebrada Blanca Phase 2 project, with first production targeted for
     the second half of 2021
•    Our steelmaking coal operations achieved an all-time quarterly production record of 7.3 million tonnes in the fourth
     quarter and set an annual record for total material moved in 2018
•    Antamina achieved record annual combined copper and zinc concentrate production of 2.4 million tonnes in 2018

Sustainability
•    Named to Dow Jones Sustainability World Index (DJSI) for the ninth consecutive year, named to Canada’s Top 100
     Employers by Mediacorp., and recognized as one of the Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations and one of the
     Best 50 Corporate Citizens in Canada by media and investment company Corporate Knights
•    On track towards meeting our sustainability strategy short-term goals to 2020, and long-term goals stretching
     out to 2030



    Revenue(3)                                 Adjusted Profit Attributable to Shareholders(1)(2)(3) Cash Flow from Operations(3)
    ($ in billions)                            ($ in billions)                                         ($ in billions)


    2018                             $12.6     2018                              $2.4                  2018                            $4.4

    2017                            $11.9       2017                              $2.5                 2017                              $5.0

    2016                     $9.3              2016                     $1.1                           2016                     $3.1

    2015                   $8.3                2015        $0.2                                        2015              $2.0

    2014                    $8.6               2014              $0.5                                  2014               $2.3


Notes:
(1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
(2) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.
(3) Certain 2017 comparatives have been restated, while 2016 and prior years have not been restated.



1
    Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
2
    See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.                                                        2018 Highlights   3
                                             Letter from the Chairman Emeritus




                                             Dr. Norman B. Keevil
                                             Chairman Emeritus




    To the Shareholders

    For each of us there comes a time to vacate the saddle, leaving it to the next rider on the journey. For me, it came in
    October 2018 when I was pleased to pass on the chairmanship of Teck Resources to one of our great Canadians, and a
    true world leader, in Dominic Barton. His career advising business, academia and governments extending from Canada
    to China, South Korea and elsewhere in Asia, as well as to the United Kingdom, the Far East and points between,
    culminated in an unprecedented three terms as Global Managing Director of McKinsey & Company, a position from
    which he retired in July 2018.
    Many readers of this letter have said they appreciated the simple truths about the business that we have laid out over
    the years. While one must adapt to the times, and there are always ephemeral issues which must be dealt with, the
    fundamentals for building a lasting, successful mining company don’t change all that much.
    One of these truths lies in the saying: “A mining company without ore reserves is an oxymoron.” The reality is that all
    mines are depleting assets, in which every ounce or tonne of metal or mineral mined must be replaced by the discovery
    of another ounce or tonne just to stand still, let alone grow. This applies to individual mines and companies alike.
    Successful exploration and development is essential to the sustainability of a mining company, else decline is inevitable.
    Historic discoveries like Teck-Hughes at Kirkland Lake, the Sullivan at Kimberley and Temagami in Ontario were key
    stepping stones that led, each in their own way, to the modern Teck Resources, as did more recent new mines such as
    Afton, Hemlo, Red Dog, Quebrada Blanca, Elkview and Antamina.
    We have said for years that the three keys to the future of any mining company are, in no particular order, its ore
    reserves, the people to discover and mine them, and a strong balance sheet to be able to finance a growing reserves
    base effectively. To these, we add the importance of dealing fairly and with the highest of professional standards with
    our partners in exploration, mining, refining and the communities in which we operate.
    Our recent book, Never Rest on Your Ores, Building a Mining Company One Stone at a Time, was published by McGill
    Queen’s University Press in 2017. It tells the stories of some of the people and events that came together over a
    hundred year period to build Teck Resources from modest beginnings into a major Canadian mining company.
    The subtitle is a play on the words of China’s iconic Deng Xiaoping who, when asked in 1981 how he would accomplish
    his plan to quadruple China’s GDP in 20 years, said: “We will cross the stream by feeling the stones.” It was and is a
    good strategy, combining a specific target with adaptability to opportunities, and one to which Teck subscribes.
    The book describes how this company and the people leading it managed to step from stone to stone, sometimes going
    backward but generally forward, alert to opportunity but not without the odd mistake, and in the process added
    significant shareholder value and created a very good company. Ours was not the only way, but it worked well in its
    times, through the ups and downs of a number of different eras.
    Building one step at a time does not mean plodding along but, rather, reacting prudently to good opportunities as they
    arise. CEO Don Lindsay and I have urged our colleagues to be able to “recognize, analyze and act” expeditiously when




4   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
such opportunities do occur, and to wait patiently during those times between. Patient opportunism is the key, because
in our experience the stepping stones that truly matter don’t come every quarter, but usually several years apart.
Size itself, rather than value, must never be the objective, nor should it be to produce the most ounces or tonnes of any
particular commodity. Being the biggest miner does not necessarily equate with being the best. It has been said, wisely:
“Size can be the result of success, but is seldom the reason for it.”
Finally, it seems that the critical decisions which will eventually create a sustainable, successful company are seldom
obvious at the time; if they were, everyone would be chasing the same tales, pricing them beyond value. The decisions
that will eventually serve as new cornerstones, as company-makers, may often be unclear or unpopular in the short
term, perhaps considered too risky or with the anticipated payoff some time away. We saw this with the decision to
build the Antamina mine in uncertain times. Yet the great companies will make them, and carry them off well.
There is a question we like to ask ourselves when faced with such difficult decisions: “Will it make us a better company?”
If not, we should be prepared to stand and wait for the one that will.
The author Michael Tobert wrote: “Creation is a struggle. It takes imagination. It takes energy. It takes years. Destruction
is the breathless work of moments.” To this, we might add, it takes a combination of enthusiasm leavened by patience,
and good fortune along with wisdom. Perhaps the owl, pictured in my book, had it right.
In closing, I’d like to say thanks to a number of long-time Teck hands that retired from active service in 2018. This
includes Linda Rowe, my assistant for almost 40 years, Karen Dunfee, also a 40-year veteran who has served the board
as secretary for years, and Maryan McMaster who was with us for 44 years. On behalf of the board I would like to
express our appreciation for all that each did for so long to help make Teck a better company.

In addition, my special thanks to Warren Seyffert, who retired as vice chairman at the same time as I passed the pick to
Dominic Barton. Warren began with us long ago as a young lawyer, working on most of the series of new mines Teck
built or acquired that truly did make us a better company. The geologists and engineers get much of the credit when a
new one starts successfully, but Warren was part of the unsung glue that at times held it all together, and he has served
Teck as vice chairman and lead director now for ten years. The board and management wish him well in his retirement.

I’m confident that, in leaving you now in the capable hands of Dominic Barton, Norman Keevil III, our diverse board
of directors and strong management team, and with a strong group of operating mines and pipeline of development
prospects, Teck will continue to be among the world’s best companies in this exciting industry.

Thank you all for your support in what has been a great ride over the years. I will continue to watch and help where I can.




Dr. Norman B. Keevil, O.C.
Chairman Emeritus
Vancouver, B.C., Canada
December 2018




                                                     The painting Owl Under Moon by artist David Lee, courtesy Lahaina
                                                     Galleries, hangs behind my desk and has three meanings. Firstly,
                                                     it represents a wise old owl looking over my shoulder; we all need
                                                     one of these. Secondly, even a wise old owl goes out on a limb
                                                     sometimes. Thirdly, if the limb breaks, the wise old owl has wings
                                                     enabling it to fly away safely.




                                                                                            Letter from the Chairman Emeritus   5
                                               Letter from the Chair




                                               Dominic Barton
                                               Chair of the Board



    To the Shareholders

    It is a rare opportunity to be asked to help lead a company that is both so rich in history and so well positioned for
    future growth.

    I would like to start by thanking Teck’s Chairman Emeritus, Dr. Norman B. Keevil — truly a legendary figure in the global
    mining industry and in Canada’s business community. His leadership over close to five decades has built Teck into a
    leading Canadian-based mining company and a key international player in the resource sector. His book, Never Rest
    on Your Ores, outlining his experiences building Teck, provides timeless guidance for us and other organizations —
    emphasizing ore reserves, a strong balance sheet and a focus on talent. I strongly recommend it to anyone interested
    in mining or in building a successful business.

    I am fortunate to join Teck at a pivotal time in the company’s history. Dr. Keevil’s legacy of mine-building and Don Lindsay’s
    leadership as CEO have placed Teck in a strong position as we look to the future.

    First, we have an enviable portfolio of world-class assets in stable jurisdictions and a solid pipeline of projects for growth,
    particularly our recently sanctioned Quebrada Blanca Phase 2 project (QB2). QB2 is a very large copper resource that
    has the potential to fuel decades of copper production growth for Teck. This comes at a time when the increasing use of
    electric vehicles, alternative energy and electrification are driving global copper demand ever higher, outpacing historical
    supply sources.

    Second, Teck has further strengthened its balance sheet, lowering debt levels, while at the same time prudently investing
    in growth opportunities that will generate even greater value in the years ahead.

    Third, Teck has a deep commitment to sustainability. We are investing significantly to maintain and improve water quality,
    reduce fresh water use and decrease our carbon emissions. Across our operations our employees are focused on
    responsibly producing materials while being good neighbours to the communities in which we operate.

    Fourth, Teck has built a culture that attracts top talent and gives people a platform to succeed. Our employees are
    generating ideas that are reshaping how we mine. Ideas like smart shovels that scan each load to separate valuable ore
    from waste rock, or using machine learning to anticipate equipment maintenance issues before they actually happen.
    Across the company, our people are putting innovation and technology to work to strengthen safety, enhance sustainability,
    improve productivity and grow our business.

    Foundational to all of this are Teck’s strong values of safety, integrity, excellence, sustainability, respect and courage.
    These values guide every decision we make as a company and set the standard for everything we do. The strength of
    Teck’s values shines through in our work to build relationships with Indigenous Peoples, support thriving communities
    and advocate for important environmental initiatives. These values will ensure we continue to do the right thing for
    communities and the environment while working to raise the bar for responsible development across our industry.

    I first got to know Teck when I was invited to participate in strategic meetings a decade ago. While the company was
    taking the steps necessary to manage critical issues at hand — namely, the recovery from the global financial crisis — it
    was also firmly focused on building for the long term. I have learned that the most successful companies need this type



6   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
of dual vision, which I liken to having a microscope in one eye and a telescope in the other. It is the essential
combination of making certain that short-term performance is consistently strong while also setting up for, and
not losing sight of, the long-term goals that go into making a great company.

Today, I am energized by the opportunities ahead of us. While we know we will continue to experience fluctuations
in the global economy, there are unwavering positive forces driving changes that will have the potential to benefit the
company and its shareholders for years to come.

Take the growing middle class as an example. In the next 15–20 years, there will be two billion new middle-class
consumers in the world. At the same time, the world is becoming more urbanized, with 1.2 million people moving
each week from rural areas to cities. The scale of this demographic shift is unmatched in human history. The world is
very short on infrastructure, not only in Asia and Africa but also North America. It is estimated that we will need over
$50 trillion in new and improved infrastructure over the next 30 years. This and the improved standard of living that this
new middle class are seeking will require the commodities we produce, driving even greater demand growth.

The global transition to a cleaner economy — renewable energy generation, increasing electrification and the mobility
revolution — will also depend on a backbone of mined products. For example, zero-emission vehicles on average require
four times as much copper as conventional vehicles, and renewable energy systems can require 12 times as much
copper as traditional systems.

When you consider all of this, one thing is evident: the metals and minerals we produce matter. They matter today, and
they will matter even more tomorrow for the continued advancement of humanity.

I would also like to thank retiring board member Warren Seyffert for his nearly 30 years of service to Teck. He has been
a terrific coach to me. I am also pleased to report that Dr. Keevil has been named our Chairman Emeritus and will act as a
special advisor to the Board. His experience in the industry will no doubt prove invaluable to us going forward because,
as Dr. Keevil likes to quote Mark Twain, “History doesn’t repeat itself, but it often rhymes.”

In closing, I am excited to work with the Board of Directors and, in particular, our CEO Don Lindsay to continue to build
a leading Canadian-based mining champion focused on creating long-term, sustainable value.




Dominic Barton
Chair of the Board
Vancouver, B.C., Canada
February 12, 2019




                                                                         Outgoing Chairman Norman Keevil
                                                                         welcomed Dominic Barton as the incoming
                                                                         Chair and new “prospector in chief”
                                                                         in October 2018, passing him a symbolic,
                                                                         silver-plated prospector’s pick. The painting
                                                                         is of the early open pit at the Temagami
                                                                         copper mine in Ontario.




                                                                                                         Letter from the Chair   7
                                              Letter from the CEO




                                              Donald R. Lindsay
                                              President and Chief Executive Officer



    To the Shareholders

    This past year was transformational for Teck. We achieved key milestones and began the transition to a new phase of
    growth for our company. A number of important initiatives came to fruition in 2018, some of which have been in the
    works for close to a decade. These included entering into a partnership for, and commencing construction at, our
    Quebrada Blanca Phase 2 copper project (QB2), commencing production at the Fort Hills mine, progressing the Project
    Satellite properties and implementing innovative new technologies across our business.

    Collectively, these achievements create a strong platform for Teck to build new value and seize new opportunities.
    Moving forward, we are focusing on continued strong performance at our existing operations, maintaining a strong
    balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders, disciplined execution of QB2 and seizing on the enormous potential
    for even more copper growth ahead.

    At the same time, our commitment to safety as a core value remains unchanged. In 2018, we continued to build on our
    efforts to improve our safety performance. Compared to the previous year, High-Potential Incidents and Lost-Time Injury
    Frequency were down 28% and 21%, respectively. However, this year we were deeply saddened by two fatalities at our
    Elkview and Fording River operations. These incidents are a powerful reminder of how we must remain vigilant in our
    efforts to achieve our vision of everyone going home safe and healthy every day.

    Reflecting on 2018, our operations performed very well, generating significant free cash flow, particularly from our
    steelmaking coal business. We had record revenues of $12.6 billion, and record gross profit before depreciation and
    amortization of $6.1 billion. We reduced our outstanding debt by $1.4 billion, bringing our net debt to $3.8 billion at
    year-end, with strong liquidity and access to credit. Early in the year, Teck was upgraded to an investment grade credit
    rating by Moody’s.

    We declared dividends of $0.30 per share in 2018, returning $172 million in cash to shareholders and completed $189 million
    in share buybacks, of which $131 million was done under the $400 million of buybacks approved by our Board in November.
    We have bought back a further $116 million in 2019, and when complete, we will have returned a total of $572 million to
    shareholders through dividends and share buybacks.

    The commissioning and successful production ramp-up of Fort Hills oil sands mine with our partners Suncor and Total
    further diversified our product mix. We also advanced our Frontier oil sands project through a federal-provincial Joint
    Review Panel public hearing, and we have reached long-term participation agreements with all 14 Indigenous communities
    closely connected to the project.

    QB2 received regulatory approval in August 2018, and in December, Sumitomo Metal Mining and Sumitomo Corporation
    agreed to acquire a 30% indirect interest in the project for US$1.2 billion. This transaction significantly de-risks Teck’s
    investment in QB2, as the combination of proceeds and proposed project financing reduces our share of equity
    contributions toward the un-escalated US$4.739 billion estimated capital cost to US$693 million, with our first contributions
    not required until late 2020.

    In December, our Board sanctioned full construction of QB2, with first production targeted for the second half of 2021.
    Once complete, QB2 will transform our copper business, making Teck a major global copper producer. QB2 utilizes only


8   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
25% of the reserves and resources currently delineated at the vast Quebrada Blanca orebody, meaning there are
significant opportunities to further increase production and mine life in future phases. The next expansion opportunity,
what we are calling QB3, has the potential to double production, or more, which would make the mine a top five copper
producer globally. In addition, we are advancing other copper projects, including our NuevaUnión joint venture and
assets within our Project Satellite portfolio. These projects provide Teck with multiple copper growth options at a time
when the long-term outlook for copper is very positive.

We have significantly accelerated the pace of innovation and technology adoption across our business. Smart shovels
that can detect ore from waste, artificial intelligence that predicts equipment failures before they occur and remote and
autonomous equipment are just some of the innovations that are making our operations safer, more sustainable and
more productive.

In all of our activities, we are committed to social and environmental responsibility. As part of this commitment, we
announced new goals for reducing fresh water use and managing water quality across our operations in 2018. We have
also continued to focus on strengthening diversity at all levels of our company. In 2018, 26% of all new hires at Teck
were women, and 17% of our senior management team is now female.

In recent years, there have been serious tailings facility failures, including the tragic failure at Vale’s Brumadinho facility in
Brazil in January 2019. As Chair of the International Council of Mining and Metals, I am committed to working with CEOs
from its 27 members to establish international standards for tailings facilities and emergency procedures, along with
working to make a fundamental step change in how the mining industry manages tailings.

At Teck, we take extensive measures to ensure the safety and security of our tailings storage facilities at all of our
operations and legacy properties. We have comprehensive systems and procedures in place, including monitoring
technology, regular inspections, and reviews by independent experts. We have implemented a leading industry practice
by establishing independent tailings review boards, which are in place for all of our major tailings facilities. Nothing is
more important to us than the safety of our people, communities and the environment, and we are committed to
continually reviewing our procedures and facilities to ensure they are best in class.

Our sustainability performance was recognized earlier this year, with Teck being named the top-ranked company in
the metals and mining category on the 2019 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations list by media and investment
research company Corporate Knights. We were also named for the second consecutive year as one of Canada’s Top 100
Employers by Mediacorp, and named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the ninth consecutive year.

Turning to our people, Ray Reipas, Senior Vice President, Energy, and Tim Watson, Senior Vice President, both retired in
2018. I would like to thank them for their leadership in the successful construction and start-up of the Fort Hills oil sands
mine, and for their work on the Frontier project. New members of our senior team in 2018 include Kieron McFadyen,
Senior Vice President, Energy; and Andrew Milner, Senior Vice President, Technology and Innovation.

I would also like to welcome our new Chair of the Board, Dominic Barton, to Teck. Dominic previously served as the
Global Managing Partner of McKinsey & Company, and will provide us with a strong global perspective as a recognized
thought leader on creating long-term economic and social value. Thank you to our Chairman Emeritus, Dr. Norman B.
Keevil, for his decades of leadership that have helped build Teck into the company it is today. Dr. Keevil will carry on his
association with the company as special advisor to the Board.

In closing, we are on the cusp of an exciting new phase for Teck, made possible by the experience, ability and innovation
of our people. This skilled team is ensuring that our existing operations are running at peak performance, that we are
fully leveraging our portfolio of premier operating assets and development projects, and that we are adopting new
technologies that will further enhance our business. Together, we will continue to build on the milestones we reached
in 2018 to create new value for our shareholders, employees and communities through the year ahead.




Donald R. Lindsay
President and Chief Executive Officer
Vancouver, B.C., Canada
February 12, 2019


                                                                                                              Letter from the CEO    9
     Responsibility
     Health and Safety                                             Our People
     Safety is a core value at Teck. We believe it is possible     Our approximately 10,700 employees worldwide are
     to operate without serious injuries, occupational diseases    essential to our success as a company. They are the
     or fatalities. We are committed to providing our people       source of the knowledge, energy and ideas that help to
     with the best safety training, tools and practices to help    improve health and safety, sustainability and productivity
     achieve our vision of everyone going home safe and            across Teck.
     healthy every day.
                                                                   In 2018, we continued to focus on attracting, retaining
     In 2018, our High-Potential Incident Frequency was 28%        and developing the very best people. This included
     lower than in 2017 and Total Recordable Injury Frequency      enhancing our inclusion and diversity practices, and our
     remained the same as in 2017. We reduced our Lost-Time        recruitment programs, with a particular focus on
     Injury Frequency by 21% since 2017, while our Lost-Time       attracting more women and Indigenous Peoples. As a
     Disabling Injury Frequency remained flat year over year.      result of this work, one in three of our new hires in 2018
                                                                   were women. This focus on diversity also included gender
     However, we were deeply saddened by two tragic
                                                                   intelligence training, which aims to help all employees
     incidents that resulted in fatalities at our operations in
                                                                   identify gender blind spots that may influence mindsets.
     2018. A vehicle collision occurred on November 18 at
                                                                   To date, more than 1,400 employees have been through
     Elkview Operations that resulted in the death of a Teck
                                                                   this training.
     employee. On April 9, an amphibious excavator overturned
     at Fording River Operations, resulting in the death of a      In 2018, Teck was named for the second consecutive
     contractor. Investigations have been carried out to learn     year as one of Canada’s Top 100 Employers by
     as much as possible from these incidents so that we can       Mediacorp., which recognizes companies for exceptional
     implement measures to prevent future occurrences and          human resources programs and forward-thinking
     share learnings across the industry. These unfortunate        workplace policies.
     events reinforce that there is still work to be done to
     further implement our High-Potential Risk Control strategy.
                                                                   Sustainability
     Throughout 2018, we continued to focus on the fourth
                                                                   Teck is committed to producing the materials essential
     phase of our Courageous Safety Leadership (CSL) program
                                                                   to building a modern, sustainable society. We are
     and we completed the implementation company-wide,
                                                                   focused on creating value in a manner that is socially and
     achieving 97% employee participation. In 2019, we will
                                                                   environmentally responsible, and that meets the needs
     be undertaking our second company-wide survey on our
                                                                   of our company, our shareholders and our communities
     safety culture.
                                                                   of interest.
     As part of our Occupational Health and Hygiene strategy,
                                                                   In 2018, all of our operations, projects and exploration
     we continued to implement exposure reduction plans
                                                                   sites continued to demonstrate a high level of social and
     at our operations to prevent potential exposure-related
                                                                   environmental performance. We continued to implement
     occupational diseases. We also engaged a medical
                                                                   our sustainability strategy, and are on track to meet our
     director to help with strategy and program development.
                                                                   short-term goals for 2020 and long-term goals stretching
     Our areas of focus in 2019 will include the ongoing
                                                                   out to 2030. These goals cover the six areas of focus
     implementation of exposure reduction plans, and
                                                                   representing the most significant sustainability issues and
     continuing implementation of new software to assist
                                                                   opportunities facing our company: Water, Biodiversity, Energy
     with capturing and analyzing our monitoring data.
                                                                   and Climate Change, Air, Our People, and Community.
     We developed a new hazard identification training
                                                                   Our achievements in these areas resulted in Teck being
     program to be launched in 2019. It will be an integral part
                                                                   named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for
     of our culture going forward. This program will better
                                                                   the ninth consecutive year, and we were ranked as one of
     equip all employees across the company with the skills to
                                                                   the Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations and Best
     better identify hazards and thereby reduce associated risk.
                                                                   50 Corporate Citizens in Canada by media and investment
                                                                   research firm Corporate Knights.




10   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Sustainability (continued)
Our 2018 Sustainability Report provides detail on our            Our governance of sustainability takes into consideration
goals and performance on sustainability topics including         the evolving expectations of our communities of interest
Health and Safety; Water Stewardship; Energy and                 and broader society. Through our memberships and
Climate Change; Relationships with Communities;                  involvement with various external industry and civil
Relationships with Indigenous Peoples; Diversity and             society organizations, we work to contribute to, and engage
Employee Relations; Business Ethics; Tailings, Waste and         with others on, the development of best practices in
Environmental Management; Human Rights; Air Quality;             sustainability performance.
and Biodiversity and Reclamation.
                                                                 We are a member of the International Council on Mining
We are advancing implementation of a range of new                and Metals (ICMM), a global industry association that
technologies and innovations that have the potential             represents leading international mining and metals
to improve our performance in the areas of safety,               companies. As an ICMM member, we implement their
sustainability and productivity. This includes data analytics,   10 Sustainable Development Framework Principles, align
artificial intelligence, autonomous equipment and advanced       our practices with their Position Statements, produce an
sensors that could significantly improve efficiency and          externally verified sustainability report using Global
safety performance, and reduce both our costs and our            Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards and follow the ICMM
environmental footprint. In addition, we are continuing to       Assurance Procedure. We are also participants in the
take action in the area of climate change by reducing the        United Nations Global Compact and the Mining
carbon footprint associated with our activities, analyzing       Association of Canada’s Towards Sustainable Mining
the business risks and opportunities associated with             initiative, and we are working to support progress on the
climate change, and advocating for policies that help            United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
reduce greenhouse gas emissions while maintaining the
                                                                 More information on our sustainability governance and
competitiveness of our industry.
                                                                 performance can be found at www.teck.com/responsibility.




                                                                                                               Responsibility   11
           Management’s
           Discussion
           and Analysis




12   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Management’s Discussion
and Analysis
Our business is exploring for, acquiring, developing and producing natural resources. We are organized into business
units focused on steelmaking coal, copper, zinc and energy. These are supported by our corporate offices, which
manage our corporate growth initiatives and provide marketing, administrative, technical, financial and other services.

Through our interests in mining and processing operations in Canada, the United States (U.S.), Chile and Peru, we
are the world’s second-largest seaborne exporter of steelmaking coal, an important producer of copper, one of the
world’s largest producers of mined zinc and we have an interest in a large producing oil sands mine. We also produce
lead, silver, molybdenum and various specialty and other metals, chemicals and fertilizers. We actively explore for
copper, zinc and gold, and we hold interests in oil sands assets in the Athabasca region of Alberta.

This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of our results of operations is prepared as at February 12, 2019
and should be read in conjunction with our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2018. Unless the context otherwise dictates, a reference to Teck, Teck Resources, the Company,
us, we or our refers to Teck Resources Limited and its subsidiaries, including Teck Metals Ltd. and Teck Coal Partnership.
All dollar amounts are in Canadian dollars, unless otherwise stated, and are based on our 2018 audited annual
consolidated financial statements that are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS). Certain comparative amounts have been restated as a result of the adoption of new IFRS pronouncements.
Please refer to Note 32 to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018
for more details. In addition, we use certain financial measures, which are identified throughout the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis in this report, that are not measures recognized under IFRS and do not have a standardized
meaning prescribed by IFRS. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” on page 59 for an explanation of these
financial measures and reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measures under IFRS.

This Management’s Discussion and Analysis contains certain forward-looking information and forward-looking
statements. You should review the cautionary statement on forward-looking statements under the heading
“Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements” on page 69, which forms part of this Management’s
Discussion and Analysis, as well as the risk factors discussed in our most recent Annual Information Form.

Additional information about us, including our most recent Annual Information Form, is available on our website at
www.teck.com, under Teck’s profile at www.sedar.com (SEDAR), and on the EDGAR section of the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov.

Business Unit Results

The following table shows a summary of our production of our major commodities for the last five years and
estimated production for 2019.




                                                                                      Management’s Discussion and Analysis   13
     Five-Year Production Record and Our Estimated Production in 2019
                                                                                                                                                                2019
     Principal Products                                             2014            2015                    2016             2017             2018          estimate (3)

     Steelmaking coal                     million tonnes            26.7            25.3                    27.6              26.6            26.2              26.25

     Copper (1)                           thousand tonnes           333              358                    324               287                 294            300

     Zinc
       Contained in concentrate           thousand tonnes           660              658                    662               659                 705            635
       Refined                            thousand tonnes           277              307                     312              310                 303            307

     Energy (bitumen) (1) (2)             million barrels                –                   –                 –                –                 6.8            13.0

     Notes:
     (1) We include 100% of the production and sales from Quebrada Blanca and Carmen de Andacollo mines in our production and sales volumes, even
         though we own 90% of these operations, because we fully consolidate their results in our financial statements. Our ownership in Quebrada
         Blanca is expected to be 60% upon closing of our transaction with Sumitomo Metal Mining Co., Ltd. and Sumitomo Corporation, and production
         and sales will continue to be reported on a 100% basis. We include 22.5% and 21.31% of production and sales from Antamina and Fort Hills,
         respectively, representing our proportionate ownership interest in these operations. Copper production includes cathode production at Quebrada
         Blanca. Zinc contained in concentrate production includes co-product zinc production from our copper business unit.
     (2) Energy (bitumen) results for the year ended December 31, 2018 are included from June 1, 2018.
     (3) Production estimates for 2019 represent the midpoint of our production guidance range.


     Average commodity prices and exchange rates for the past three years, which are key drivers of our profit, are
     summarized in the following table.
                                                    US$                                       CAD$
                                                2018        % chg    2017        % chg           2016          2018          % chg     2017        % chg        2016

     Steelmaking coal (realized — $/tonne)(1)    187         +7%      174        +51%             115              243        +8%          226     +48%          153
     Copper (LME cash — $/pound)                 2.96        +6%     2.80        +27%            2.21          3.84           +5%      3.64        +24%          2.94
     Zinc (LME cash — $/pound)                   1.33        +2%      1.31       +38%            0.95          1.72           +1%          1.70    +35%          1.26
     Blended bitumen (realized — $/barrel)(2) 35.12             –            –           –          –         46.14              –           –              –       –
     Exchange rate (Bank of Canada)
       US$1 = CAD$                               1.30         0%      1.30         -2%           1.33
       CAD$1 = US$                               0.77         0%      0.77         +2%           0.75

     Notes:
     (1) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to Note 32
         to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.
     (2) Energy (bitumen) results for the year ended December 31, 2018 are included from June 1, 2018.


     Our revenues, gross profit before depreciation and amortization, and gross profit by business unit for the past three
     years are summarized in the following table.
                                                                Gross Profit Before
                                   Revenues (2)          Depreciation and Amortization (1)(2)    Gross Profit (Loss) (2)
     ($ in millions)                 2018          2017         2016             2018             2017             2016          2018              2017         2016

     Steelmaking coal           $ 6,349         $ 6,014 $ 4,144              $ 3,770         $ 3,732         $ 2,007          $ 3,040        $ 3,014 $ 1,379
     Copper                         2,714         2,400         2,007            1,355           1,154              788              877           586           190
     Zinc                           3,094         3,496         3,147            1,085           1,173              984              869           967           830
     Energy (3)                        407              –            2            (106)                 –                2       (165)                  –          (3)
     Total                      $ 12,564        $ 11,910     $ 9,300         $ 6,104         $ 6,059         $ 3,781          $ 4,621        $ 4,567 $ 2,396

     Notes:
     (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     (2) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to Note 32
         to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.
     (3) Energy (bitumen) results for the year ended December 31, 2018 are included from June 1, 2018.


14   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Steelmaking Coal
In 2018, our six steelmaking coal operations in Western Canada produced 26.2 million tonnes of coal, with sales of
26.0 million tonnes. The majority of our sales are to the Asia-Pacific region, with lesser amounts going primarily to
Europe and the Americas. Our long-term production capacity is approximately 27 million tonnes, and we have total
proven and probable reserves of 883 million tonnes of steelmaking coal.

In 2018, Coal Mountain Operations production declined as it reached the end of its mine reserve. However, favourable
geology at Coal Mountain will allow for the mining and processing of a small amount of coal in the first quarter of 2019.
In addition, throughout 2018, we hauled a portion of raw coal from Elkview Operations to Coal Mountain Operations for
processing and we anticipate that practice to continue through at least the first quarter of 2019.

In 2018, our steelmaking coal business unit accounted for 50% of revenue and 62% of gross profit before depreciation
and amortization.

($ in millions)                                                                                     2018                2017               2016

Revenues (2)                                                                                 $     6,349         $     6,014         $     4,144
Gross profit before depreciation and amortization            (1)(2)
                                                                                             $     3,770         $     3,732         $    2,007
Gross profit      (2)
                                                                                             $     3,040         $     3,014         $    1,379
Production (million tonnes)                                                                          26.2               26.6                27.6
Sales (million tonnes)   (2)
                                                                                                     26.0               26.5                27.0

Notes:
(1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
(2) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to Note 32
    to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.



Operations
Gross profit before depreciation and amortization increased slightly to $3.8 billion in 2018. Gross profit was $3.0 billion
in 2018, similar to 2017, as higher prices were mostly offset by lower sales volumes and higher unit operating costs.

Our average realized selling price in 2018 increased to US$187 per tonne, compared with US$174 per tonne in 2017
and US$115 per tonne in 2016.

Sales volumes were 26.0 million tonnes in 2018, slightly lower than 26.5 million tonnes sold in 2017. Sales volumes of
steelmaking coal were negatively affected by logistical issues throughout the supply chain during the year.

Our 2018 production of 26.2 million tonnes was 400,000 tonnes less than 2017, primarily due to declining production at
Coal Mountain Operations as it reached the end of its current reserve life. In the first quarter of 2018, a pressure event in
the coal dryer at Elkview Operations affected production. However, it was fully recovered in subsequent quarters by
hauling a portion of raw coal from Elkview Operations to Coal Mountain Operations for processing.


                                                                                                        Management’s Discussion and Analysis        15
     The cost of product sold in 2018, before transportation and depreciation, was $62 per tonne, compared with $52 per
     tonne in 2017. This cost increase was a result of increased mining activity, equipment rentals and associated labour to
     generate production to capture margin in a favourable coal price environment. In addition, the business unit experienced
     inflationary pressures, predominantly affecting diesel costs, the result of higher oil prices. All of these factors, combined
     with slightly lower production, longer haul distances and increased activity on mobile maintenance, increased the unit
     cost per tonne, but have not undermined our strong profitability.

     Capital spending in 2018 included $232 million for sustaining capital, $140 million for major enhancements to maintain
     and increase long-term production capacity, and $90 million for the Neptune Bulk Terminals upgrade.

     Elk Valley Water Management

     We continue to implement the water quality management measures required by the Elk Valley Water Quality Plan
     (the Plan), an Area-Based Management Plan approved in 2014 by the B.C. Minister of Environment. The Plan
     establishes short-, medium- and long-term water quality targets for selenium, nitrate, sulphate and cadmium to
     protect the environment and human health, as well as a plan to manage calcite formation. In accordance with the
     Plan, we have constructed and are operating the first active water treatment facility (AWTF) at West Line Creek.

     In the fourth quarter, we commissioned an additional treatment step to address an issue regarding selenium
     compounds in effluent from the West Line Creek AWTF. The facility is operating as designed. We have commenced
     construction on our next AWTF at Fording River Operations, which will use the same treatment process as the
     modified West Line Creek AWTF.

     In 2018, we successfully operated our first saturated rock fill (SRF) project at our Elkview Operations. The SRF has
     been in operation for the past 12 months and is demonstrating near-complete removal of nitrate and selenium from
     the feed water. Results to date from the full-scale trial show that the technology has the potential to replace future
     AWTFs, as well as to reduce capital and operating costs for water treatment. We are working to increase the capacity
     of the Elkview SRF to potentially reduce reliance on active water treatment. This approach has not yet received
     necessary approvals and we continue to progress the construction of additional AWTFs to comply with the Plan.

     Capital spending on water treatment in 2019 is expected to be approximately $235 million, including advancing
     a clean water diversion at Fording River, application of SRF technology at Elkview, construction of Fording River
     South AWTF, and advancing management of calcite and the early development of water treatment for Fording
     River North. This compares to approximately $57 million of capital spending on water treatment in 2018.

     In our previous guidance, we estimated total capital spending for water treatment between 2018 and 2022 of $850
     to $900 million. We intend to complete construction of the Fording River South AWTF, currently under construction.
     If we are successful in permitting SRF projects to replace the Elkview AWTF and Fording River North AWTF, we
     estimate that total capital spending on water treatment during this period would reduce to $600 to $650 million.
     If no reduction in AWTF capacity is permitted, overall capital in the same period would increase by approximately
     $250 million over our previous guidance, as a result of engineering scope changes at the Elkview AWTF and an
     increased volume of water treated at Fording River North. We have presented regulators with evidence that SRFs
     are a viable technical alternative to active water treatment, and are working through a review process. We expect
     that this process will result in a decision in the first half of 2019.

     We continue to advance research and development, including the SRF technology. We estimate that over the longer
     term, SRFs will have capital and operating costs that are 20% and 50%, respectively, of AWTFs of similar capacity.
     If we are successful in replacing a substantial portion of active water treatment capacity with SRFs, we believe that
     our long-term operating costs associated with water treatment could be reduced substantially.

     All of the foregoing estimates are uncertain. Final costs of implementing the Plan will depend in part on the
     technologies applied and on the results of ongoing environmental monitoring and modelling. The timing of
     expenditures will depend on resolution of technical issues, permitting timelines and other factors. We expect that,
     in order to maintain water quality, some form of water treatment will continue for an indefinite period after mining
     operations end. The Plan contemplates ongoing monitoring to ensure that the water quality targets set out in the
     Plan are in fact protective of the environment and human health, and provides for adjustments if warranted by




16   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
monitoring results. This ongoing monitoring, as well as our continued research into treatment technologies, could
reveal unexpected environmental impacts, technical issues or advances associated with potential treatment
technologies that could substantially increase or decrease both capital and operating costs associated with water
quality management.

During the third quarter of 2018, we received notice from Canadian federal prosecutors of potential charges under
the Fisheries Act in connection with discharges of selenium and calcite from coal mines in the Elk Valley. Since 2014,
compliance limits and site performance objectives for selenium and other constituents, as well as requirements to
address calcite, in surface water throughout the Elk Valley and in the Koocanusa Reservoir have been established
under a regional permit issued by the provincial government, which references the Plan. If federal charges are laid,
potential penalties may include fines as well as orders with respect to operational matters. We expect that discussions
with respect to the draft charges will continue at least into the third quarter of 2019. It is not possible at this time to
fully assess the viability of our potential defences to any charges, or to estimate the potential financial impact on us
of any conviction. Nonetheless, that impact may be material.

Rail

Rail transportation of product from our five steelmaking coal mines in southeast B.C. to Vancouver port terminals
is provided under a 10-year agreement with CP Rail, which expires March 31, 2021. Most eastbound coal deliveries
to North American customers are shipped pursuant to an arrangement with CP Rail. The remaining eastbound
coal deliveries are shipped via the BNSF Railway. Our Cardinal River Operations in Alberta is served by Canadian
National Railway (CN), which transports our product to ports on the west coast. Currently, Teck is shipping under
tariff with CN.

Ports

We maintain access to terminal loading capacity in excess of our planned 2019 shipments. We continue to progress
a facility upgrade at the Neptune Bulk Terminals, which will increase terminal loading capacity. In 2018, we invested
$90 million on the project, primarily in the third and fourth quarters. The program includes an additional $210 million
to be spent in 2019 and approximately $170 million in 2020. The upgrades are expected to be completed in the third
quarter of 2020.

In addition, our contract with Westshore Terminals, which expires March 31, 2021, provides us with 19 million tonnes
of annual capacity, and we have contracted capacity at Ridley Terminals near Prince Rupert. We are exploring additional
options for coal shipments following the expiration of our contract with Westshore Terminals in 2021.

Sales

Our steelmaking coal marketing strategy is focused on maintaining and building relationships with our traditional
customers, while establishing new customers in markets where we anticipate long-term growth in steel production
and demand for seaborne steelmaking coal. In 2018, we continued to focus our marketing in areas with the greatest
demand growth, increasing sales volumes to areas such as India and Southeast Asia.




                                                                                      Management’s Discussion and Analysis    17
     Markets
     Global steel production and demand for seaborne steelmaking coal continued to be strong in 2018. The World Steel
     Association reported that global steel production increased by 4.6% in 2018 compared to 2017. This was due to
     resilient steel pricing and demand supported by the recovery in investment activities in developed economies and the
     improved performance of emerging economies. Depletion and reduced production of some Eastern European coal
     mines continued to increase demand from European steel mills for seaborne steelmaking coal.

     The following graphs show key metrics affecting steelmaking coal sales: spot price assessments and quarterly pricing,
     hot metal production (each tonne of hot metal, or pig iron, produced requires approximately 650–700 kilograms of
     steelmaking coal), and China’s steelmaking coal imports by source.


     Daily Steelmaking Coal Assessments                 Hot Metal (Pig Iron) Production                           China Steelmaking Coal Imports
     Source: Argus                                      Source: World Steel Association, National                 Source: China’s Customs
                                                        Bureau of Statistics of China

                                                 $350                                                    1,400                                              80

                                                                                                         1,200                                              70
                                                 $300
                                                                                                                                                            60
                                                                                                         1,000
                                                 $250
                                                                                                                                                            50
                                                                                                         800
                                                 $200                                                                                                       40
                                                                                                         600
                                                                                                                                                            30
                                                 $150
                                                                                                         400
                                                                                                                                                            20
                                                 $100
                                                                                                         200                                                10

                                                 $50                                                     0                                                  0
     2013   2014     2015   2016   2017   2018          1998    2002    2006    2010     2014       2018 Tonnes   2010     2012      2014    2016    2018   Tonnes


       Spot price assessments                             Rest of the world (tonnes in millions)                    Landborne (tonnes in millions)
       (US$ per tonne FOB Australia)                      China (tonnes in millions)                                Seaborne (tonnes in millions)
       Quarterly benchmark
       (US$ per tonne FOB Australia)
       Quarterly index-linked price
       (US$ per tonne FOB Australia)




     Outlook
     Market expectations are that global steel production and demand for steelmaking coal will remain strong in 2019.
     A robust steelmaking coal market is supported by the demand effect of continued steel capacity growth in India and
     Southeast Asia, the relocation of steel production to coastal areas in China, as well as concerns regarding supply from
     Australia and the U.S. While demand for steelmaking coal remains strong, pricing has softened somewhat since the
     beginning of 2019, reflecting shorter vessel queues in Australia and the relaxation of import restrictions in China,
     which were imposed from November 2018. We continue to monitor the effects that government policy and trade
     uncertainty might have on potential price volatility.

     Steelmaking coal production in 2019 is expected to be between 26.0 and 26.5 million tonnes. We will continue to
     evaluate raw coal processing opportunities to capture the latent production capacity of our Elk Valley processing plants
     in 2019. As in prior years, annual production volumes can be adjusted to reflect market demand for our products,
     subject to adequate rail and port service. Assuming that current market conditions persist, annual production from
     2020 to 2022 is expected to be higher than 2019, despite the closure of our Coal Mountain Operations in early 2019.

     We continue to advance mining in new areas at our Fording River, Elkview and Greenhills operations, which will
     extend the lives of these mines and allow us to increase production to compensate for the closure of Coal Mountain.
     We are investing in processing plants and have transferred mining equipment from Coal Mountain in order to develop
     the new mining areas at each of these sites. As part of our strategy to maintain production capacity of approximately
     27 million tonnes in the Elk Valley, Elkview Operations is well positioned for expansion. The operation is anticipating a




18   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
higher strip ratio in 2019, with a natural reduction of strip ratios over the next three to five years. The reduction in strip
ratios will provide opportunity for a low capital-intensity investment in plant throughput capacity to capitalize on the
increased raw coal release beyond 2019 for increasing production.

Although coal prices have softened somewhat since the beginning of 2019, market fundamentals remain supportive
for strong coal pricing levels. We are expecting 2019 first quarter sales to reach approximately 6.1 to 6.3 million tonnes.
As always, our sales may vary depending on the performance of our logistics chain.

Customers determine vessel nominations for the majority of our sales. Final sales and average prices for the quarter
will depend on product mix, market direction for spot priced sales and timely arrival of vessels, as well as the
performance of the rail transportation network and port loading facilities.

In December, we experienced poor performance across the supply chain due to underperformance in rail, material
handling issues and high wind events in Vancouver. Logistical challenges continued in January, including unplanned
dumper outages at Westshore Terminals, which affected train unloading and negatively affected supply chain
performance. Performance has improved since late January, but these factors continue to present a risk to our
quarterly sales guidance.

We expect our site unit costs to be in the range of $62 to $65 per tonne in 2019. This range is slightly higher than
in 2018, primarily as the result of the efforts described above to maintain total production after the closure of Coal
Mountain, which will require the use of additional equipment, diesel and labour. We expect quarterly cost of sales
to fluctuate in 2019, with higher cost of sales in the second and third quarter when our operations are scheduled to
complete major plant maintenance outages.

Transportation costs in 2019 are expected to remain consistent at approximately $37 to $39 per tonne.

We invested approximately $7.5 million in 2018 to continue to evaluate the MacKenzie Redcap detailed design study
at our Cardinal River Operations and will be continuing this evaluation in 2019. The MacKenzie Redcap development
is expected to supply approximately 1.8 million tonnes of steelmaking coal production per year and has the potential
to extend production at Cardinal River to approximately 2027, beyond the planned closure in 2020. Beyond 2020,
this additional tonnage would add to the current longer-term planned production capacity of approximately 27 million
tonnes in the Elk Valley.

We expect sustaining capital expenditures for our steelmaking coal operations to be approximately $485 million in 2019,
including approximately $235 million related to water treatment and $250 million for ongoing operations. Sustaining
capital expenditures largely relate to reinvestment in our equipment fleets. In addition, approximately $200 million will
be invested in major enhancement projects in 2019, primarily relating to the development of the new mining areas at
our Elk Valley operations and increasing the plant capacity at our Elkview Operations. This is expected to increase our
long-term production capacity and mitigate reduced production on closure of Coal Mountain Operations.

On February 11, 2019, we agreed with Poscan, pursuant to a reopener in the Greenhills joint venture agreement, to
increase the royalty paid by Poscan in respect of its 20% share of Greenhills’ coal production. At current benchmark
coal prices of approximately US$200 tonne, the royalty payment will increase by approximately $90 million annually.
At current exchange rates, a US$10 per tonne increase or decrease in the coal price would increase or decrease the
annual royalty by approximately $4 million. The new royalty remains in effect until December 31, 2022.




                                                                                         Management’s Discussion and Analysis    19
     Copper
     In 2018, we produced 293,900 tonnes of copper from our Highland Valley Copper Operations in B.C., our 22.5% interest
     in Antamina in Peru, and our Carmen de Andacollo and Quebrada Blanca operations in Chile. Copper production rose by
     2% from 2017, as higher production from Highland Valley Copper, Antamina and Quebrada Blanca was partially offset by
     lower production from Carmen de Andacollo as a result of declining ore grades.

     In 2018, our copper operations accounted for 22% of our revenue and 22% of our gross profit before depreciation
     and amortization.
                                                                        Gross Profit (Loss) Before
                                         Revenues                    Depreciation and Amortization (1)(2)             Gross Profit (Loss) (2)
     ($ in millions)             2018         2017          2016          2018          2017           2016        2018            2017        2016

     Highland Valley
      Copper                $     941 $        733     $     750      $    343     $     213       $   268     $    164      $      18     $    86
     Antamina                   1,061          936           627           794           670           409          652            534         305
     Carmen de
      Andacollo                   488          549           401           193           222            86          121            142            9
     Quebrada Blanca              224          182           229            26               50         24          (59)           (107)       (211)
     Other                           –             –            –            (1)             (1)         1            (1)            (1)          1
     Total                  $ 2,714       $ 2,400      $ 2,007        $ 1,355      $ 1,154         $   788     $    877      $     586 $       190

     Notes:
     (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     (2) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to Note 32
         to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.



                                                           Production                                                 Sales
     (thousand tonnes)                       2018                2017               2016                2018                2017               2016

     Highland Valley Copper                    101                  93                 119               103                  89                122
     Antamina                                  100                  95                  97                99                  94                95
     Carmen de Andacollo                        67                   76                73                 64                  77                73
     Quebrada Blanca                            26                  23                 35                 26                  23                35
     Total                                     294                  287                324               292                283                325




20   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Operations
Highland Valley Copper

Our Highland Valley Copper Operations is located in south-central B.C. Gross profit before depreciation and amortization
was $343 million in 2018, compared to $213 million in 2017 and $268 million in 2016. Gross profit was $164 million in
2018, compared with $18 million in 2017, due to higher production and sales volumes as a result of improved copper
ore grades and recoveries, and higher copper and molybdenum prices, partially offset by higher operating costs.

Highland Valley Copper’s 2018 copper production was 100,800 tonnes, compared to 92,800 tonnes in 2017 and
119,300 tonnes in 2016. The increase was primarily due to significantly higher copper grades and higher recoveries in
the first half of 2018 compared to early 2017. Copper and molybdenum ore grades declined as expected in the second
half of 2018 as we mined ore from lower-grade sections of the Lornex and Valley pits as anticipated in the mine plan.
Molybdenum production was 6% lower in 2018 at 8.7 million pounds, compared to 9.3 million pounds in 2017, primarily
due to lower molybdenum grades.

A $73 million project to install an additional ball mill to increase grinding circuit capacity is progressing on budget
and on schedule, with start-up anticipated in the third quarter of 2019. An autonomous haulage pilot project was
successfully started during the second half of 2018 in the Lornex pit, with six autonomous haul trucks now fully
operational. We also continued studies to assess the potential economic viability of extending the Highland Valley
Copper mine life to 2040.

Copper production in 2019 is anticipated to be between 115,000 and 120,000 tonnes, with a relatively even distribution
throughout the year. Annual copper production from 2020 to 2022 is expected to be between 135,000 and 155,000
tonnes per year, increasing from the low end to high end of the range during the three-year period. Copper production is
anticipated to average about 150,000 tonnes per year after 2022, through to the end of the current mine plan in 2028.
Molybdenum production in 2019 is expected to be approximately 6.0 million pounds contained in concentrate, with
annual production expected to decline to between 4.0 million and 5.0 million pounds per year afterwards.

Antamina

We have a 22.5% share interest in Antamina, a copper-zinc mine in Peru. The other shareholders are BHP Billiton plc
(33.75%), Glencore plc (33.75%) and Mitsubishi Corporation (10%). In 2018, our share of gross profit before
depreciation and amortization was $794 million, compared with $670 million in 2017 and $409 million in 2016. Gross
profit in 2018 was $652 million, compared with $534 million in 2017 and $305 million in 2016. Gross profit in 2018
increased from 2017 due to higher copper and zinc prices, as well as record production levels of total copper and zinc
concentrates of 2.4 million tonnes in 2018.

Antamina’s copper production (100% basis) in 2018 was 446,100 tonnes, compared to 422,500 tonnes in 2017, with
the increase primarily as a result of higher copper grades. Zinc production was 409,300 tonnes in 2018, an increase
from 372,100 tonnes of production in 2017, primarily due to a higher portion of copper-zinc ores processed in 2018.
In 2018, molybdenum production was 10.2 million pounds, which was 17% higher than in 2017.

Pursuant to a long-term streaming agreement made in 2015, Teck delivers an equivalent to 22.5% of payable silver
sold by Compañía Minera Antamina S.A. to a subsidiary of Franco-Nevada Corporation (FNC). FNC pays a cash price
of 5% of the spot price at the time of each delivery, in addition to an upfront acquisition price previously paid. In 2018,
approximately 3.2 million ounces of silver were delivered under the agreement. After 86 million ounces of silver have
been delivered under the agreement, the stream will be reduced by one-third. A total of 13.2 million ounces of silver
have been delivered under the agreement from the effective date in 2015 to December 31, 2018.

Our 22.5% share of Antamina’s 2019 production is expected to be in the range of 95,000 to 100,000 tonnes of copper,
65,000 to 70,000 tonnes of zinc and approximately 2.0 million pounds of molybdenum in concentrate. Our share of
copper production is expected to be between 90,000 and 95,000 tonnes per year from 2020 to 2022. The lower zinc
production in 2019 is a result of mine sequencing, and is expected to return to higher production levels after 2019 with
higher grades and a higher proportion of copper-zinc ore to process. Our share of zinc production is expected to average
between 100,000 and 110,000 tonnes per year from 2020 to 2022, although annual production will fluctuate due to
feed grades and the amount of copper-zinc ore processed. Our share of annual molybdenum production is expected
to be between 2.0 and 3.0 million pounds per year between 2020 and 2022.



                                                                                       Management’s Discussion and Analysis   21
     Carmen de Andacollo

     We have a 90% interest in the Carmen de Andacollo mine, which is located in the Coquimbo Region of central Chile.
     The remaining 10% is owned by Empresa Nacional de Minería (ENAMI), a state-owned Chilean mining company.
     Gross profit before depreciation and amortization was $193 million in 2018, compared to $222 million in 2017 and
     $86 million in 2016. Gross profit decreased to $121 million from $142 million in 2017, primarily due to lower copper
     production and sales volumes.

     Carmen de Andacollo produced 63,500 tonnes of copper contained in concentrate in 2018, compared to 72,500 tonnes in
     2017. This was primarily due to lower grades as anticipated in the mine plan, partially offset by higher mill throughput.
     Mill throughput was a record 4.93 million tonnes in the fourth quarter. Copper cathode production was 3,700 tonnes
     in 2018, compared with 3,500 tonnes in 2017. Gold production of 59,600 ounces in 2018 was higher than the
     54,500 ounces produced in 2017, with 100% of the gold produced for the account of RGLD Gold AG, a wholly owned
     subsidiary of Royal Gold, Inc. In effect, 100% of gold production from the mine has been sold to Royal Gold, Inc.,
     who pays a cash price of 15% of the monthly average gold price at the time of each delivery, in addition to an upfront
     acquisition price previously paid.

     Consistent with the mine plan, copper grades are expected to continue to decline towards reserve grades in 2019
     and future years. We continue to study and implement projects that could help to increase production, including the
     installation of a sizer to better manage harder ores at depth and increase mill throughput. The sizer project is
     anticipated to be operational in the first half of 2019 and is included in our production guidance. Carmen de Andacollo’s
     production in 2019 is expected to be in the range of 60,000 to 65,000 tonnes of copper in concentrate and
     approximately 2,000 tonnes of copper cathode. Annual copper in concentrate production is expected to be approximately
     60,000 tonnes from 2020 to 2022. Cathode production volumes are uncertain past 2019, although there is some
     potential to extend production.

     Quebrada Blanca

     Quebrada Blanca Operations is located in the Tarapacá Region of northern Chile. In April 2018, we increased our
     interest in Quebrada Blanca to 90% by acquiring an additional indirect 13.5% interest in Compañía Minera Teck
     Quebrada Blanca S.A. (QBSA) through the purchase of Inversiones Mineras S.A. The purchase price consisted of
     US$52.5 million paid in cash on closing, an additional payment of US$60 million paid on approval of the social and
     environmental impact assessment for the Quebrada Blanca Phase 2 (QB2) project and the expiry of certain appeal
     rights, and a further US$50 million paid within 30 days of the commencement of commercial production at QB2.
     Additional amounts may become payable to the extent that average copper prices exceed US$3.15 per pound in
     each of the first three years following commencement of commercial production, up to a cumulative maximum of
     US$100 million if commencement of commercial production occurs prior to January 21, 2024, or up to a lesser
     maximum in certain circumstances thereafter.

     The other shareholder of QBSA is ENAMI, a Chilean state agency, which holds a 10% preference share interest in
     QBSA that does not require ENAMI to fund capital spending.

     Since the first quarter of 2017, all supergene ore mined has been sent directly to the dump leach circuit. This has
     resulted in lower recovery and a longer leaching cycle at reduced operating costs, compared to the previous operations
     of the heap leach circuit. Mining of the supergene was expected to end in the second quarter of 2018, but continued
     until the fourth quarter due to an extension in the mine plan. Mining equipment and personnel have been redeployed
     to the QB2 project, and the operation is now focused on leaching the dump material and secondary extraction.

     Quebrada Blanca produced 25,500 tonnes of copper cathode in 2018, compared to 23,400 tonnes in 2017, with the
     increase primarily due to increased production from secondary leaching.

     Quebrada Blanca’s gross profit before depreciation and amortization was $26 million in 2018, compared to $50 million
     in 2017 and $24 million in 2016. Quebrada Blanca incurred a gross loss of $59 million, compared to $107 million in
     2017. The improvement in 2018 related to a reduction in depreciation and amortization charges due to the asset
     impairment charge taken in 2017. However, after depreciation and amortization, a gross loss was recorded in both
     2018 and 2017.




22   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
We expect production of approximately 20,000 to 23,000 tonnes of copper cathode in 2019. We expect cathode
production to carry on into early 2020.

Quebrada Blanca Phase 2

The Quebrada Blanca Phase 2 (QB2) project is one of the world’s largest undeveloped copper resources. QB2 is
expected to have low operating costs, an initial mine life of 28 years, and significant potential for further growth.

The social and environmental impact assessment (SEIA) for the QB2 project was approved in August 2018. The Chile
Environmental Evaluation Commission unanimously voted to approve the project on August 8, 2018. The final
regulatory approval document, or RCA, was received on August 29, 2018. Long-term community agreements have
been reached with all Indigenous communities involved in the evaluation. As expected, various administrative and
legal appeals have been filed in respect of the SEIA approval, and QBSA and the relevant Chilean authorities are
responding in the ordinary course.

In December, our Board of Directors approved the QB2 project for full construction and we announced a transaction
with Sumitomo Metal Mining Co., Ltd. (SMM) and Sumitomo Corporation (SC) to subscribe for a 30% indirect interest
in QBSA, which owns 100% of the QB2 project. The consideration payable by SMM and SC consists of a US$1.2 billion
contribution for a 30% indirect interest in QBSA, US$50 million to Teck if QB2 achieves optimized target mill
throughput of 154,000 tonnes per day by December 31, 2025, subject to adjustment; and a contingent contribution of
12% of the incremental NPV of a major expansion project (QB3) upon approval of construction, subject to adjustment
(8% contingent earn-in contribution, 4% matching contribution). Closing of the transaction is subject to customary
conditions precedent, including receipt of necessary regulatory approvals, and is now expected to occur before the
end of March 2019.

On announcement of the transaction with SMM/SC, the Teck Board approved the QB2 project for full construction.
Project development expenditures for 2019 are anticipated to be approximately US$1,460 million. After the transaction
proceeds have been expended, Teck and SMM/SC will fund the balance of project costs with proceeds from the
expected US$2.5 billion of project financing and pro rata contributions from Teck and SMM/SC on a 66.67% and
33.33% basis, respectively. ENAMI is not required to provide funding toward the capital cost of QB2. Teck and
SMM/SC are in discussions with export credit agencies and commercial banks with respect to a proposed limited
recourse project finance facility of up to US$2.5 billion.

The combination of the contributions by SMM and SC from the transaction and proposed project financing reduces
Teck’s share of equity contributions toward the un-escalated US$4.739 billion3 estimated capital cost of the QB2
project to US$693 million4 with Teck’s first contributions post-closing not required until late 2020. The target date for
project completion and the start of commissioning and ramp-up is the fourth quarter of 2021. Full production is
expected in the middle of 2022.

On a 100% basis, average annual copper-equivalent production of QB2 over the first five full years of operation is
estimated at 316,000 tonnes. The mine plan is constrained by the current capacity of the tailings facility and exploits
less than 25% of the total defined reserve and resource. The significant resource outside the current mine plan
provides the potential for expansions in future years and the mine facilities have been designed with this in mind.
The project scope includes the construction of a 143,000-tonne-per-day concentrator and related facilities, which
are connected to a new port and desalination plant by 165-kilometre concentrate and desalinated water pipelines.

Project development expenditures during 2018 were approximately US$317 million. During the fourth quarter we
started to ramp up field activities and release major contracts. There are currently about 2,000 beds available for
construction, with the current construction workforce already over 1,000 people. Earthworks activities are fully
underway, including utilizing the existing mine fleet and third-party contractors, as well as other enabling construction




3
  On a 100% go-forward basis from January 1, 2019 in constant Q2 2017 dollars and a CLP/USD exchange rate of 625, not including escalation
  (estimated at US$300– $470 million based on 2%–3% per annum inflation), working capital or interest during construction. Includes approximately
  US$500 million in contingency. At the current spot CLP/USD rate of approximately 675, capital would be reduced by approximately US$270 million.
4
  On a go-forward basis from January 1, 2019. Assumes US$2.5 billion in project finance loans and without deduction of fees and interest during
  construction, and US$1.2 billion contribution from SMM and SC.




                                                                                                       Management’s Discussion and Analysis         23
     activities including camp construction and development of infrastructure for power and water. Other project activities
     during the year focused on advancing detailed engineering, procurement and contracting activities to support
     construction as well as advancing operational readiness.

     Engineering studies are also underway to assess the expansion potential beyond QB2, including a potential doubling
     of throughput capacity in the future.

     NuevaUnión

     Compañía Minera NuevaUnión S.A., which owns the Relincho and La Fortuna projects, is owned 50% by Teck and 50%
     by Goldcorp Inc. A prefeasibility study (PFS) on the NuevaUnión project was completed in early 2018, which incorporates
     key design changes from the earlier scoping study to improve project economics and respond to community and
     Indigenous Peoples’ input.

     The PFS estimates an initial capital cost for the Phase 1 development of the project on a 100% basis of US$3.4 to
     US$3.5 billion (not including working capital or interest during construction). Phase 2 development of the project will
     require additional capital investment to link the La Fortuna site to the processing facility. Mining the higher-grade
     portions of Relincho in Phase 1 will allow the project to help fund Phase 2 from project cash flows. Initial production
     from the La Fortuna mine in Phase 2 will also focus on higher-grade areas, providing significant cash flows in the early
     years of this phase. As a result, the PFS contemplates average annual production of 224,000 tonnes of copper,
     269,000 ounces of gold and 1,700 tonnes of molybdenum in concentrate for the first five full years of mine life,
     or approximately 283,000 tonnes per year of copper-equivalent production.

     A feasibility study (FS) commenced in the third quarter of 2018 and is anticipated to be complete in late 2019. The project
     team continues to work closely with the local communities and is preparing to submit an Environmental Impact
     Assessment (EIA) to the regulatory authorities in the second half of 2019. Detailed project economics will be released
     with the completion of the FS.

     Project Satellite

     The objective of the Project Satellite initiative is to surface value from five substantial base metals assets: Zafranal,
     San Nicolás, Galore Creek, Mesaba and Schaft Creek, all of which are located in stable jurisdictions in the Americas.

     At the Zafranal copper-gold project in southern Peru, the project team significantly advanced its activities in support of
     a feasibility study, which we expect to complete in the first half of 2019. We expect to submit the SEIA in the second
     quarter of 2019, which is approximately two quarters later than originally planned as a result of the requirement to
     complete detailed pre-reviews with the regulator prior to submission. Spending in 2018 was $29.4 million and planned
     spending in 2019 is $39.7 million.

     At the San Nicolás copper-zinc-silver-gold project in Zacatecas, Mexico, a significant drill program was completed,
     which included infill, geotechnical, hydrogeological, exploration and condemnation drillholes. In addition, the project
     team advanced social and environmental baseline studies, community engagement activities, preliminary hydrogeological
     studies and project engineering programs in support of a prefeasibility study (PFS) and early permitting activities. We
     expect the PFS to be complete in the fourth quarter of 2019. Spending in 2018 was $18.2 million and planned spending
     in 2019 is $25.6 million.

     At the Galore Creek copper-gold-silver project in British Columbia, Newmont Mining Corporation acquired NOVAGOLD
     Resources Inc.’s 50% interest in the Galore Creek Partnership in July 2018. Since Newmont’s entry into the partnership,
     subject matter experts from both Newmont and Teck have worked together to develop the scope of fieldwork programs
     and prefeasibility study work to be carried out over the next three to four years. Program work in 2018 focused on
     maintaining the mineral properties and carrying out preliminary geological mapping, prospecting and mineral deposit
     studies. Our share of spending in 2018 was $4.6 million and our share of planned spending in 2019 is $19.2 million.

     At the Mesaba copper-nickel-platinum group metals-cobalt deposit in northeastern Minnesota, the project team
     completed a range of planning activities, preliminary development and environmental studies, and mineral resource
     estimate work. Spending in 2018 was $6.4 million and planned spending in 2019 is $13.5 million.




24   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
        Markets
        Copper prices on the London Metal Exchange (LME) averaged US$2.96 per pound in 2018, up US$0.16 per pound
        from average prices in 2017.

        Copper stocks on the LME fell by 35% to 132,200 tonnes in 2018, while copper stocks on the Shanghai Futures
        Exchange fell by 21% to 118,700 tonnes and COMEX warehouse stocks fell 54% to 84,900 tonnes. Combined
        exchange stocks decreased by 197,700 tonnes during 2018 and ended the year at 335,800 tonnes, the lowest levels
        since 2014. Total reported global stocks, including producer, consumer, merchant and terminal stocks, stood at an
        estimated 17.3 days of global consumption versus the 25-year average of 28 days.

        In 2018, global copper mine production increased 2.8% according to Wood Mackenzie, a commodity research
        consultancy, with total production estimated at 20.6 million tonnes. While the industry experienced several
        disruptions at large mines in 2017, production at these mines achieved expected production levels in 2018, and,
        despite a large number of labour contracts expiring in 2018, most settled without incident. Wood Mackenzie is
        forecasting a 0.3% increase in global mine production in 2019 to 20.7 million tonnes.

        Copper scrap availability decreased in 2018 as global trade patterns were disrupted by environmental restrictions
        on certain types of scrap imports into China. Scrap and unrefined copper imports into China, including blister and
        anode, were down 15% year over year to September 2018.

        Wood Mackenzie estimates that global refined copper production grew 2.5% in 2018, below the 3.0% growth rate
        for global copper cathode demand. They are projecting that refined production will increase 1.6% in 2019, reaching
        23.9 million tonnes. Fundamentals for copper are expected to remain positive over the medium to long term, with
        mine supply constrained by lower grades and a lack of investment in new mine projects. Wood Mackenzie are
        forecasting that global copper metal demand will increase by 2.5% in 2019, reaching 24.3 million tonnes, suggesting
        the refined copper market will be in deficit again in 2019.

        Copper Price and LME Inventory                     Global Demand for Copper                                 Global Copper Inventories
        Source: LME                                        Source: Wood Mackenzie                                   Source: ICSG, LME, COMEX, SHFE


$5.00                                             700                                                 25      35                                                 1,600

                                                  600                                                         30                                                 1,400
$4.00                                                                                                 20
                                                                                                                                                                 1,200
                                                  500                                                         25

$3.00                                                                                                 15                                                         1,000
                                                  400                                                         20
                                                                                                                                                                 800
                                                  300                                                          15
$2.00                                                                                                 10                                                         600
                                                  200                                                          10
                                                                                                                                                                 400
$1.00                                                                                                 5
                                                  100                                                          5                                                 200

$0.00                                             0                                                   0         0                                                0
        2013   2014   2015   2016   2017   2018   Tonnes   1998   2002   2006    2010    2014    2018 Tonnes Days    2013   2014   2015   2016   2017     2018   Tonnes


          LME inventory (tonnes in thousands)                Rest of the world (tonnes in millions)                   Inventories (tonnes in thousands)
          Copper price (US$ per pound)                       China (tonnes in millions)                               Days of global consumption
                                                                                                                      25-year average days inventory


        Outlook
        We expect 2019 copper production to be in the range of 290,000 to 310,000 tonnes, slightly higher than 2018
        production levels. The higher production is primarily due to improving grades at Highland Valley Copper.

        In 2019, we expect our copper unit costs to be in the range of US$1.70 to US$1.80 per pound before margins
        from by-products, similar to 2018 levels. Copper unit costs are expected to be in the range of US$1.45 to
        US$1.55 per pound after by-products based on current production plans, by-product prices and exchange rates,
        an increase from 2018 due to expected lower by-product prices in 2019.

        We expect annual copper production to be in the range of 285,000 to 305,000 tonnes from 2020 to 2022,
        excluding QB2, which is scheduled for first production in late 2021 and is expected to add substantially to our
        overall copper production in 2022.



                                                                                                               Management’s Discussion and Analysis                 25
     Zinc
     We are one of the world’s largest producers of mined zinc, primarily from our Red Dog Operations in Alaska, the
     Antamina copper mine in northern Peru (where zinc is a co-product) and our Pend Oreille mine in Washington state.
     Our metallurgical complex in Trail, B.C. is one of the world’s largest integrated zinc and lead smelting and refining
     operations. In 2018, we produced 705,000 tonnes of zinc in concentrate, while our Trail Operations produced
     302,900 tonnes of refined zinc.

     In 2018, our zinc business unit accounted for 25% of revenue and 18% of gross profit before depreciation and amortization.
                                                                         Gross Profit (Loss) Before
                                             Revenues                  Depreciation and Amortization (1)                Gross Profit (Loss)
     ($ in millions)                 2018          2017        2016          2018         2017           2016        2018           2017    2016

     Red Dog                   $ 1,696       $ 1,752        $ 1,444      $   990     $        971    $   749     $   864      $     874 $   668
     Trail Operations                1,942         2,266      2,049            91             209        241           16           131       178
     Pend Oreille                      98           105          77            (5)             19           –         (20)           (12)     (10)
     Other                              8               8         7            9              (26)         (6)          9            (26)      (6)
     Intra-segment                   (650)         (635)       (430)            –               –           –           –              –        –
     Total                     $ 3,094 $ 3,496              $ 3,147      $ 1,085     $ 1,173         $   984     $   869      $     967 $   830

     Note:
     (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.


                                                            Production                                                Sales
     (thousand tonnes)                        2018               2017                2016                2018                2017           2016

     Refined zinc
       Trail Operations                        303                310                 312                 304                309              312

     Contained
     in concentrate
       Red Dog                                 583                542                583                  521                534            600
       Pend Oreille                                30              33                    34                30                 32              34
       Copper business unit    (1)
                                                   92              84                    45                93                 85              43
     Total                                     705                659                662                  644                651            677

     Note:
     (1) Includes zinc production from Antamina.




26   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Operations
Red Dog

Red Dog Operations, located in northwest Alaska, is one of the world’s largest zinc mines. Red Dog’s gross profit
before depreciation and amortization in 2018 was $990 million, compared with $971 million in 2017 and $749 million
in 2016. Gross profit in 2018 was $864 million, similar to 2017, as sales volumes and metal prices were similar year
over year.

In 2018, zinc production at Red Dog increased to 583,200 tonnes compared to 541,900 tonnes in 2017, primarily due
to higher zinc grades and recoveries. Lead production in 2018 declined to 98,400 tonnes, compared to 111,300 tonnes
in 2017, primarily due to lower grades and recoveries.

Work continues on the US$110 million mill upgrade project, which is progressing as planned. Construction started in
late 2017 and is expected to increase average mill throughput by about 15% over the remaining mine life, helping to
offset lower grades and harder ore, with planned start-up in the first quarter of 2020.

Red Dog’s location exposes the operation to severe weather and winter ice conditions, which can significantly affect
production, sales volumes and operating costs. In addition, the mine’s bulk supply deliveries and all concentrate
shipments occur during a short ocean shipping season that normally runs from early July to late October. This short
shipping season means that Red Dog’s sales volumes are usually higher in the last six months of the year, resulting in
significant variability in its quarterly profit, depending on metal prices.

In accordance with the operating agreement between Teck and NANA Regional Corporation, Inc. (NANA) governing
the Red Dog mine, we pay a royalty on net proceeds of production each quarter. This royalty increases by 5% every
fifth year to a maximum of 50%. The most recent increase occurred in October 2017, bringing the royalty to 35%.
The NANA royalty charge in 2018 was US$252 million, compared with US$324 million in 2017. NANA has advised us
that it ultimately shares approximately 60% of this royalty, net of allowable costs, with other Regional Alaska Native
Corporations pursuant to section 7(i) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act.

Red Dog’s production of contained metal in 2019 is expected to be in the range of 535,000 to 555,000 tonnes of zinc
and 85,000 to 90,000 tonnes of lead. From 2020 to 2022, Red Dog’s production of contained metal is expected to be
in the range of 500,000 to 520,000 tonnes of zinc and 85,000 to 100,000 tonnes of lead per year, respectively.

Trail Operations

Our Trail Operations in southern B.C. produces refined zinc and lead, as well as a variety of precious and specialty metals,
chemicals and fertilizer products.

Trail Operations had a gross profit before depreciation and amortization of $91 million in 2018, compared with $209 million
in 2017 and $241 million in 2016. Gross profit was $16 million in 2018, a decrease of $115 million from 2017, primarily due
to lower production levels, historically low treatment and refining charges, and increased electricity costs after the sale of
the Waneta Dam.

The British Columbia Utilities Commission (BCUC) approved the $1.2 billion sale of our two-thirds interest in the
Waneta Dam to BC Hydro in the third quarter and closing of the sale occurred on July 26, 2018. Under our agreement
with BC Hydro, we entered into a 20-year arrangement to purchase power for our Trail Operations, with an option to
extend the arrangement for a further 10 years on comparable terms. This arrangement results in additional annual
power costs for Trail Operations of $75 million, escalating at 2% per year. We recognized this transaction as a
disposition of the Waneta Dam and related transmission assets. We recorded a pre-tax gain, net of transaction costs
of $888 million ($812 million after tax).

Refined zinc production in 2018 was 302,900 tonnes, compared with 310,100 tonnes in 2017. Refined lead production
in 2018 was 61,000 tonnes, compared with 87,100 tonnes in 2017. The decline in refined lead production was primarily
due to a planned extended maintenance shutdown of the KIVCET furnace completed in the fourth quarter of 2018,
which occurs once every four years. Additional factors included the effect of wildfire smoke that caused a temporary
shutdown of some facilities in August. Silver production declined to 11.6 million ounces in 2018 from 21.4 million ounces
in 2017, due to the KIVCET maintenance shutdown and lower silver inputs.




                                                                                        Management’s Discussion and Analysis     27
     Our recycling process treated 41,700 tonnes of material during the year, and we plan to treat about 44,700 tonnes in
     2019. Our focus remains on treating lead acid batteries and cathode ray tube glass, plus small quantities of zinc alkaline
     batteries and other post-consumer waste.

     In November 2016, we announced that we would invest $174 million in the installation of a second new acid plant
     to improve efficiency and environmental performance at Trail Operations. The construction of the acid plant is over
     90% completed, and on time and on budget, with commissioning planned in the second quarter of 2019.

     In 2019, we expect Trail Operations to produce 305,000 to 310,000 tonnes of refined zinc, approximately 70,000 to
     75,000 tonnes of refined lead and 13.0 to 14.0 million ounces of silver. Zinc production from 2020 to 2022 is expected
     to increase to 310,000 to 315,000 tonnes per year, while annual lead production is expected to rise to 85,000 to
     95,000 tonnes. Silver production depends on the amount of silver contained in the purchased concentrates.

     Pend Oreille

     Pend Oreille, located in Washington state, achieved zinc production of 29,700 tonnes in 2018, compared to 33,100 tonnes
     in 2017. Production declined due to reduced availability of higher-grade ore sources and additional ground support
     requirements in the first half of 2018.

     We expect production in 2019 to be between 20,000 and 30,000 tonnes of zinc in concentrate. Production rates beyond
     the third quarter of 2019 are uncertain.


     Markets
     Zinc prices on the LME averaged US$1.33 per pound for the year, similar to US$1.31 per pound in 2017.

     Zinc stocks on the LME fell by 52,700 tonnes in 2018, a 29% decline from 2017 levels, finishing the year at 129,300 tonnes,
     the lowest levels since early 2008. Stocks held on the Shanghai Futures Exchange fell 48,500 tonnes in 2018, a
     71% decline from 2017 levels, finishing the year at 20,100 tonnes, the lowest level since stocks started to be reported
     in early 2007. We estimate that total reported global stocks, which include producer, consumer, merchant and terminal
     stocks, fell by approximately 102,000 tonnes in 2018 to 0.7 million tonnes at year-end, representing an estimated
     21 days of global demand, compared to the 25-year average of 41 days.

     In 2018, global zinc mine production increased 2.5% according to Wood Mackenzie, a commodity research consultancy,
     with total production reaching 12.9 million tonnes. Zinc mine production increased for the second consecutive year,
     but still remained below 2015 production levels. Wood Mackenzie expects global zinc mine production to grow to
     13.9 million tonnes in 2019, largely attributable to restarts at several previously closed mines, along with some
     previously committed new larger-scale mines.

     Wood Mackenzie estimates that the global zinc metal market remained in deficit in 2018 for the third consecutive year,
     recording a shortfall of 1.14 million tonnes. Global refined zinc demand was relatively flat at 14.3 million tonnes,
     growing only an estimated 0.6% over 2017.

     Wood Mackenzie estimates that global refined zinc production fell 2.5% in 2018 for the third year in a row on tight
     concentrate supplies, with refined production reaching 13.2 million tonnes. They also estimate that refined zinc
     production will see a 6.4% increase in 2019 over 2018 levels, to 14.0 million tonnes, the first increase to refined
     production in four years. The estimate for the total increase in supply will still be below global metal demand,
     which is forecast to grow 1.5% to 14.5 million tonnes, suggesting that the refined metal market will continue in
     deficit into 2019.




28   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
        Zinc Price and LME Inventory                       Global Demand for Zinc                                    Global Zinc Inventories
        Source: LME                                        Source: ILZSG, Wood Mackenzie                             Source: ILZSG, LME, SHFE


$1.80                                             1,400                                                20       60                                                2,200

$1.60                                                                                                                                                             2,000
                                                  1,200                                                         50
                                                                                                       16                                                         1,800
$1.40
                                                  1,000                                                                                                           1,600
$1.20                                                                                                           40
                                                                                                                                                                  1,400
                                                                                                       12
$1.00                                             800                                                                                                             1,200
                                                                                                                30
$0.80                                             600                                                                                                             1,000
                                                                                                       8
                                                                                                                                                                  800
$0.60                                                                                                           20
                                                  400                                                                                                             600
$0.40                                                                                                  4
                                                                                                                10                                                400
                                                  200
$0.20                                                                                                                                                             200
$0.00                                             0                                                    0         0                                                0
        2013   2014   2015   2016   2017   2018   Tonnes   1998   2002   2006    2010      2014   2018 Tonnes Days    2013   2014   2015   2016   2017     2018   Tonnes


          LME inventory (tonnes in thousands)                Rest of the world (tonnes in millions)                    Inventories (tonnes in thousands)
          Zinc price (US$ per pound)                         China (tonnes in millions)                                Days of global consumption
                                                                                                                       25-year average days inventory


        Outlook
        We expect zinc in concentrate production in 2019, including co-product zinc production from our copper business unit,
        to be in the range of 620,000 to 650,000 tonnes.

        In 2019, we expect our zinc unit costs to be in the range of US$0.50 to US$0.55 per pound before margins from
        by-products and US$0.35 to US$0.40 per pound after margins from by-products based on current production plans,
        by-product prices and exchange rates. Unit costs after by-product margins are expected to vary significantly
        throughout the year with higher costs in the first half, as sales of Red Dog lead, our main by-product, are typically
        completed in the third and fourth quarters.

        For the 2020 to 2022 period, we expect total annual zinc in concentrate production to be in the range of 600,000 to
        630,000 tonnes excluding Pend Oreille, which has an uncertain production profile beyond 2019.

        Benchmark terms for zinc treatment and refining charges were at historical lows in 2018, contributing to Trail
        Operations’ profitability challenges in the fourth quarter. Trail Operations uses a long-term concentrate purchase
        strategy that averages payment terms and results in composite treatment charge terms generally over two years.
        We estimate that more than half of Trail Operations’ concentrate purchases for the first half of 2019 are referenced
        to 2018 benchmark terms.




                                                                                                                Management’s Discussion and Analysis                29
     Energy
     Our energy assets include a 21.3% interest in the Fort Hills oil sands mine, a 100% interest in the Frontier oil sands
     project and a 50% interest in various other oil sands leases in the exploration phase, including the Lease 421 Area.
     All these assets are located in the Athabasca oil sands region of northeastern Alberta.

     In 2018, our Energy business unit accounted for 3% of revenue and incurred a $106 million gross loss before depreciation
     and amortization. Fort Hills results were effective from June 1, 2018 when we concluded the mine was operational.

     Fort Hills (1)(3)
     ($ in millions)                                                                                                     2018

     Blended bitumen price realized (US$/bbl) (2)(4)                                                             $      35.12
     Bitumen price realized (CAD$/bbl)      (2)(4)
                                                                                                                 $     32.81
     Operating netback (CAD$/bbl) (2)(4)                                                                         $     (10.95)
     Production (million blended bitumen barrels)                                                                         6.8
     Production (average barrels per day)                                                                             31,955
     Gross profit (loss) before depreciation and amortization (2)                                                $       (106)
     Gross profit (loss)                                                                                         $       (165)

     Notes:
     (1) Fort Hills results for the year ended December 31, 2018 are effective from June 1, 2018.
     (2) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     (3) Fort Hills figures presented at our ownership interest of 21.3%.
     (4) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.


     Fort Hills

     The Fort Hills oil sands mine is located in northern Alberta. As at December 31, 2018, we held a 21.3% interest in the
     Fort Hills Energy Limited Partnership (Fort Hills Partnership), which owns the Fort Hills oil sands mine, with Total E&P
     Canada Ltd. (Total) and Suncor Energy Inc. (Suncor) holding the remaining interest. An affiliate of Suncor is the
     operator of the project.

     Both production volumes and product quality on start-up have exceeded our expectations. Bitumen production from
     the first two secondary extraction trains at Fort Hills commenced in the first quarter of 2018, followed by the third and
     final train in May. All commissioning and construction activities are now complete. In the second quarter, we concluded
     that Fort Hills was operational, and results from Fort Hills are included in our consolidated results from June 1, 2018.

     Realized prices and operating results in the fourth quarter were significantly impacted by a material decline in global
     benchmark prices and the widening of Canadian heavy blend differentials, namely Western Canada Select (WCS).
     In addition, costs associated with diluent increased significantly during the fourth quarter of 2018 due to a seasonal
     increase in diluent consumption and unusual widening in the spread between diluent and WCS. As a result of the
     decline in prices, we recorded inventory write-downs during the fourth quarter of approximately $34 million.


30   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
The plant was successfully tested and ran at full design nameplate capacity for much of the fourth quarter, with December
production exceeding 200,000 barrels per day. Fort Hills produced 46 million barrels of bitumen, or 125,000 barrels
per day, since first oil in January 2018. Our share of production since January 1, 2018 was 9.7 million barrels, or
26,580 barrels per day, which was near the high end of our guidance of 8.5 million to 10.0 million barrels. Unit
operating costs averaged $32.89 for the year and continued to improve to below $23.00 per barrel in December as
production ramped up to full capacity.

Fort Hills has performed very well during start-up and commissioning and there is further potential to debottleneck
and expand the production capacity. Evaluation of debottlenecking opportunities will include near-term work to improve
the performance of the existing facilities with minimal capital. Long-term opportunities that may require modest
capital expenditure will also be investigated. Between the near-term and long-term opportunities, there is a potential
to increase Fort Hills’ production by 20,000 to 40,000 barrels per day of bitumen on a 100% basis. Our share of annual
production could increase from 14 million barrels to approximately 15.5 to 17 million barrels.

Our share of Fort Hills’ major enhancement capital expenditures was $69 million in 2018 and is expected to be $100 million
in 2019. Sustaining capital expenditures were $21 million in 2018 and are expected to be $60 million in 2019. Fort Hills’
major enhancement and sustaining capital is expected to remain elevated in 2019 at approximately $13.50 per barrel,
primarily due to tailings and equipment ramp-up spending, before sustaining capital declines to $3 to $5 per barrel on
average over the life of mine. Major enhancement capital is variable over the life of mine due to phasing of tailings and
other development spending.


Markets
Based on industry estimates, we forecast global crude oil demand growth in 2019 to be approximately 1.325 million
barrels per day. Non-OPEC production growth in 2019 is forecast at 2.000 million barrels per day, with North America
contributing 1.500 million barrels per day of incremental supply. In order for the market to be in balance — given the
projected imbalance between demand growth and non-OPEC supply growth — the production curtailment accord
between OPEC and certain Russian producers announced in December 2018 needs to be adhered to in some
measure. Canadian crude oil supply growth in 2019 is forecast at 0.270 million barrels per day. As in 2018, the majority
of the supply increase in 2019 is anticipated to come from heavy blends. Supply growth will be generated via the
commissioning and start-up of smaller or brownfield oil sands projects.

Export pipeline capacity for Canadian crude oil versus overall supply was in deficit through 2018 and is expected to
remain that way until new capacity is developed. Exacerbating the imbalance was a slower-than-expected ramp-up of
crude by rail takeaway capacity. Once contracted for, committed rail capacity will be utilized on a regular basis to ship
heavy blends.

Fort Hills’ bitumen production is delivered via pipeline to the East Tank Farm blend facility and ultimately sold as a
blended bitumen product known as Fort Hills Reduced Carbon Life Cycle Dilbit Blend (FRB). We sell our share of FRB
to a variety of customers at Hardisty market hub and the U.S. Gulf Coast. Approximately 80% of our FRB sales are at
Hardisty, with the remainder at the U.S. Gulf Coast.

Net bitumen realizations at Fort Hills are influenced by a combination of North American crude oil benchmark prices,
including the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) light sweet crude oil (WTI), Canadian heavy crude oil (WCS
at Hardisty) and diluent (condensate at Edmonton). Bitumen price realizations are also affected by specific bitumen
quality and spot sales.

The NYMEX WTI is the current light oil benchmark for North American crude oil prices. WTI averaged US$64.77 per
barrel in 2018.

WCS is a blend of conventionally produced heavy oils and bitumen, blended with diluent (condensate). WCS is a
widely marketed crude grade with transparent market price references quoted at Hardisty and U.S. Gulf Coast market
hubs. The index pricing period for WCS at Hardisty is typically the first nine to 11 business days that begin on
the first business day of the calendar month prior to the month of delivery. WCS at Hardisty typically trades at a
differential below the NYMEX WTI benchmark price, and traded at an average discount of US$39.45 per barrel for
fourth quarter deliveries, for a value of US$19.35 per barrel. Hardisty differentials widened substantially in the quarter
as increases in production strained crude oil export infrastructure and regional storage capacities.



                                                                                        Management’s Discussion and Analysis   31
     WCS at the U.S. Gulf Coast is priced at a material premium to WCS at Hardisty, reflective of strong heavy sour oil
     demand, and reduced supply from Venezuela and Mexico. The U.S. Gulf Coast WCS differential to the NYMEX WTI
     in 2018 ranged between a discount of US$5.45 per barrel and a premium of US$1.12 per barrel, for an average 2018
     discount of US$2.63 per barrel.


     Operating Netback
     The following table summarizes our Fort Hills operating netback for the year.

     (Amounts reported in CAD$ per barrel of bitumen sold)                                                                                           2018 (2)

     Bitumen price realized (1)(3)(4)                                                                                                         $     32.81
     Crown royalties (5)                                                                                                                            (2.04)
     Transportation costs      (6)
                                                                                                                                                    (8.83)
     Adjusted operating costs (1)(3)(7)                                                                                                           (32.89)

     Operating netback (1)                                                                                                                    $    (10.95)

     Notes:
     (1) Non-GAAP measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further details.
     (2) Fort Hills financial results for the year ended December 31, 2018 are included in operating results from June 1, 2018.
     (3) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.
     (4) Bitumen price realized represents the realized petroleum revenue (blended bitumen sales revenue) net of diluent expense, expressed on a
         per barrel basis. Blended bitumen sales revenue represents revenue from our share of the heavy crude oil blend known as Fort Hills Reduced
         Carbon Life Cycle Dilbit Blend (FRB), sold at the Hardisty and U.S. Gulf Coast market hubs. FRB is comprised of bitumen produced from the
         Fort Hills oil sands mining and processing operations blended with purchased diluent. The cost of blending is affected by the amount of diluent
         required and the cost of purchasing, transporting and blending the diluent. A portion of diluent expense is effectively recovered in the sales price
         of the blended product. Diluent expense is also affected by Canadian and U.S. benchmark pricing and changes in the value of the Canadian dollar
         relative to the U.S. dollar.
     (5) The royalty rate applicable to pre-payout oil sands operations starts at 1% of gross revenue and increases for every dollar by which the WTI
         crude oil price in Canadian dollars exceeds $55 per barrel, to a maximum of 9% when the WTI crude oil price is $120 per barrel or higher. Fort
         Hills is currently in the pre-payout phase. Detailed information regarding Alberta oil sands royalties can be found on the following website:
         https://www.energy.alberta.ca/OS/OSRoyalty/Pages/default.aspx.
     (6) Transportation costs represent pipeline and storage costs downstream of the East Tank Farm blending facility. We use various pipeline and
         storage facilities to transport and sell our blend to customers throughout North America. Sales to the U.S. markets require additional transportation
         costs, but realize higher selling prices.
     (7) Operating costs represent the costs to produce a barrel of bitumen from the Fort Hills mine and processing operation.



     Outlook
     Due to limited export capacity and extreme price volatility for Alberta crude oil, the Government of Alberta announced
     the curtailment of provincial crude oil and bitumen production, effective January 1, 2019. Initially, 325,000 barrels per
     day for the first quarter of 2019 was to be reduced across the industry, declining to approximately 30% of the initial
     curtailment levels for the remainder of the year. The government subsequently revised the first quarter curtailment
     level to 250,000 barrels per day for the production months of February and March.

     Although there continues to be uncertainty around the details of the Government of Alberta announced curtailment,
     we expect it to affect both production and unit operating costs in 2019. We expect our 2019 share of bitumen
     production to be in the range of 33,000 to 38,000 barrels per day (12 to 14 million barrels annualized), including
     estimated production curtailments and unit operating costs to be $26.00 to $29.00 per barrel for the year. Consistent
     with the announced curtailments, we expect production to be lower in the first quarter at a range of 30,000 to 32,000
     barrels per day. With the lower production, we also expect unit operating costs to be higher in the first quarter.

     Consistent with the Government of Alberta’s production curtailment announcement, our production guidance for 2019
     assumes the mandatory production curtailments as described above. The high end of our production guidance reflects
     curtailments being lifted in the second quarter.




32   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Based on our share of Fort Hills operating at full production rates (approximately 90% of nameplate capacity of
194,000 barrels per day), our estimated EBITDA sensitivity to a US$1/barrel change in the WCS price is approximately
$18.5 million, and $13.5 million in respect of our after-tax profit.

Frontier Project

We hold a 100% interest in the Frontier oil sands project, which is located in northern Alberta. The regulatory application
review of Frontier continued with a public hearing before a joint federal/provincial panel that concluded in December
2018. The earliest a federal decision statement could be expected for Frontier is in the second half of 2019. Our
expenditures on Frontier are limited to supporting this process. We continue to evaluate the future project schedule
and development options as part of our ongoing capital review and prioritization process.

As of December 31, 2018, our best estimate of unrisked contingent bitumen resources for the Frontier project is
approximately 3.2 billion barrels. The project has been designed for a total nominal production of approximately
260,000 barrels per day of bitumen. The Frontier contingent resources have been subcategorized as “development
pending” and “economically viable”. There is uncertainty that it will be commercially viable to produce any portion
of the resources.

The disclosure regarding our oil sands assets includes references to reserves and contingent bitumen resource
estimates. Further information about these resource estimates, and the related risks and uncertainties, and
contingencies that prevent the classification of resources as reserves, is set out on page 70 under the heading
“Contingent Resource Disclosure”. For further information about these reserve estimates, see our most recent Annual
Information Form, which is available on our website at www.teck.com, on the Canadian Securities Administrators
website at www.sedar.com (SEDAR), and under cover of Form 40-F on the EDGAR section of the Securities
Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov.

Lease 421 Area

We hold a 50% interest in the Lease 421 Area, which is located east of the Fort Hills project in northern Alberta.
To date, a total of 89 core holes have been completed in the Lease 421 Area.




                                                                                       Management’s Discussion and Analysis   33
     Exploration
     Throughout 2018, we conducted exploration around the world through our seven regional offices. Expenditures for
     the year of $69 million were focused on copper, zinc and gold.

     Exploration plays three critical roles at Teck: discovery of new orebodies through early stage exploration and acquisition;
     pursuit, evaluation and acquisition of development opportunities; and delivery of geoscience solutions and services
     to create value at our existing mines and development projects.

     During 2018, early stage copper exploration continued to focus primarily on advancing porphyry-style projects in Chile,
     Peru, the United States and Mexico. In addition, significant exploration was carried out in and around our existing
     operations and advanced projects, including approximately 18 kilometres at QB2 and QB3. In 2019, we plan to drill
     several early stage copper projects, and we will continue to explore around our existing operations and advanced
     projects, with a significant program to support QB3 studies.

     Zinc exploration has been concentrated in four areas: the Red Dog mine district in Alaska, western Canada, northeastern
     Australia, and Ireland. In Alaska, Australia and Canada, the targets are large, high-grade, sediment-hosted deposits
     similar to major world-class deposits. In 2018, we continued to drill on 100% state-owned lands near our Red Dog
     mine (completing approximately 10 kilometres), and at our Reward project (Teena Deposit) in the McArthur district of
     Australia (completing approximately 9 kilometres), to better define external limits and internal continuity to mineralization.

     We have ongoing exploration for, and partnerships in, gold opportunities. Our plan is to explore, find and advance gold
     resources through targeted exploration in select jurisdictions. Once an opportunity has been recognized, the strategy
     is to optimize that opportunity or asset through further definition drilling and engineering studies, then capture value
     through periodic divestitures. Our current exploration efforts and drill testing for gold are primarily focused in Chile,
     Peru and Turkey.




34   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Financial Overview
Financial Summary

($ in millions, except per share data)                                                            2018              2017(2)             2016 (2)

Revenues and profit
 Revenues                                                                                   $ 12,564           $   11,910         $    9,300
 Gross profit before depreciation and amortization           (1)
                                                                                            $    6,104         $    6,059         $     3,781
 Gross profit                                                                               $    4,621         $    4,567         $    2,396
 EBITDA (1)                                                                                 $     6,174        $    5,589         $    3,350
 Profit attributable to shareholders                                                        $    3,107         $    2,460         $    1,040

Cash flow
 Cash flow from operations                                                                  $    4,438         $    5,049         $    3,056
 Property, plant and equipment expenditures                                                 $    1,906         $    1,621         $     1,416
 Capitalized production stripping costs                                                     $      707         $       678        $       477
 Investments expenditures                                                                   $      284         $      309         $       114

Balance sheet
 Cash balances                                                                              $    1,734         $       952        $     1,407
 Total assets                                                                               $ 39,626           $ 37,028           $ 35,629
 Debt, including current portion                                                            $    5,519         $    6,369         $    8,343

Per share amounts
 Profit attributable to shareholders                                                        $      5.41        $      4.26        $      1.80
 Dividends declared                                                                         $      0.30        $      0.60        $      0.10

Notes:
(1) Non-GAAP Financial Measures. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information and a reconciliation to GAAP measures.
(2) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to Note 32
    to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.


Our revenue and profit depend on the prices for the commodities we produce, sell and use in our production processes.
Commodity prices are determined by the supply of and demand for those commodities, which are influenced by global
economic conditions. We normally sell the products that we produce at prevailing market prices or, in the case of
steelmaking coal, through an index-linked pricing mechanism or on a spot basis. Prices for our products can fluctuate
significantly and that volatility can have a material effect on our financial results.




                                                                                                      Management’s Discussion and Analysis          35
     Foreign exchange rate movements can also have a significant effect on our results and cash flows, as a substantial
     portion of our operating costs are incurred in Canadian and other currencies, and most of our revenue and debt are
     denominated in U.S. dollars. We determine our financial results in local currency and report those results in Canadian
     dollars and, accordingly, our reported operating results and cash flows are affected by changes in the Canadian dollar
     exchange rate relative to the U.S. dollar, as well as the Peruvian sol and Chilean peso.

     In 2018, our profit attributable to shareholders was $3.1 billion, or $5.41 per share. This compares with $2.5 billion or
     $4.26 per share in 2017 and $1.0 billion or $1.80 per share in 2016. The changes are mainly due to the gain on the sale
     of the Waneta Dam in 2018, varying commodity prices, sales volumes, exchange rate movements and the after-tax
     impairment charges and reversals recorded in the respective periods.

     Our profit over the past three years has included items that we segregate for presentation to investors so that the
     ongoing profit of the company may be more clearly understood. Our adjusted profit, which takes these items into
     account, was $2.4 billion in 2018, $2.5 billion in 2017 and $1.1 billion in 2016, or $4.13, $4.36 and $1.91 per share,
     respectively. These items are described below and summarized in the table that follows.

     In 2018, we completed the sale of our two-thirds interest in the Waneta Dam to BC Hydro for $1.2 billion cash and recorded a
     pre-tax gain of $888 million, with no cash taxes payable on the transaction. We also purchased US$1.0 billion principal amount
     of our near-term debt maturities, reducing the outstanding balance to US$3.8 billion and recorded a $26 million pre-tax charge
     on the transaction. We also recorded a non-cash pre-tax asset impairment of $41 million, of which $31 million related
     to capitalized exploration expenditures that are not expected to be recovered, and $10 million related to Quebrada
     Blanca assets that will not be recovered through use because mining operations ended in the fourth quarter of 2018.

     In 2017, due to the improvement in steelmaking coal prices and future operating cost estimates, we recorded a $207 million
     non-cash pre-tax reversal of an impairment charge that we took against our steelmaking coal operations in 2015. This was
     partially offset by a non-cash pre-tax asset impairment of $44 million recorded against our Quebrada Blanca assets that will
     not be recovered through use. We also recorded an $82 million charge related to increased provincial tax rates in B.C., and
     the reduction in tax rates in the U.S. resulted in a $101 million non-cash credit to our 2017 tax expense. We incurred a $216
     million pre-tax loss on the repurchase of certain of our outstanding notes in the first half of the year.

     In 2016, we recorded an impairment of our investment in the Fort Hills oil sands project due to increased development
     costs. We also recorded asset impairments relating to a project at our Trail Operations and our interest in the Wintering
     Hills Wind Power Facility, which was sold in 2017. These non-cash charges totalled $294 million on a pre-tax basis and
     $217 million on an after-tax basis.

     The following table shows the effect of these items on our profit.

     ($ in millions, except per share data)                                                            2018               2017(3)            2016 (3)

     Profit attributable to shareholders                                                         $    3,107         $    2,460         $     1,040

     Add (deduct):
      Debt purchase loss (gain)                                                                           19                159                (44)
      Debt prepayment option loss (gain)                                                                  31                (38)               (84)
      Asset sales                                                                                      (809)                  (5)              (53)
      Foreign exchange (gain) loss                                                                        (8)                 (4)              (45)
      Environmental provisions                                                                            13                 60                      –
      Asset impairments (reversals)                                                                       30               (100)               217
      Other                                                                                              (11)                (12)               72

     Adjusted profit (1)(2)                                                                      $    2,372         $    2,520         $     1,103

     Adjusted basic earnings per share (1)(2)                                                    $      4.13        $      4.36        $      1.91
     Adjusted diluted earnings per share (1)(2)                                                  $      4.07        $      4.30        $      1.89

     Notes:
     (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measures. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     (2) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.
     (3) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. The 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to
         Note 32 to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.


36   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
     Cash flow from operations in 2018 was $4.4 billion, compared with $5.0 billion in 2017 and $3.1 billion in 2016. The
     changes in cash flow from operations are mainly due to varying commodity prices and sales volumes, offset to some
     extent by changes in foreign exchange rates.

     At December 31, 2018, our cash balance was $1.7 billion. Total debt was $5.5 billion and our net debt to net-debt-plus-
     equity ratio was 14% at December 31, 2018, compared with 21% at December 31, 2017 and 28% at the end of 2016.


     Gross Profit
     Our gross profit is made up of our revenue less the operating expenses at our producing operations, including depreciation
     and amortization. Income and expenses from our business activities that do not produce commodities for sale are
     included in our other operating income and expenses or in our non-operating income and expenses.

     Our principal commodities are steelmaking coal, copper, zinc and blended bitumen, which accounted for 50%, 18%, 19%
     and 3% of revenue, respectively, in 2018. Silver and lead are significant by-products of our zinc operations, each accounting
     for 3% of our 2018 revenue. We also produce a number of other by-products, including molybdenum, various specialty
     metals, and chemicals and fertilizers, which in total accounted for 4% of our revenue in 2018.

     Our revenue is affected by sales volumes, which are determined by our production levels and by demand for the
     commodities we produce, commodity prices and currency exchange rates.

     Our revenue was a record $12.6 billion in 2018, compared with $11.9 billion in 2017 and $9.3 billion in 2016. The increase
     in 2018 revenue was mainly due to higher steelmaking coal and copper prices and the addition of revenue from the
     sale of blended bitumen from our Fort Hills oil sands mine, partially offset by lower sales volumes of refined lead and
     silver from our Trail Operations. Average prices for steelmaking coal and copper were 7% and 6% higher in 2018 than
     in 2017. The increase in 2017 from 2016 revenue was mainly due to higher steelmaking coal, copper and zinc prices,
     partially offset by lower sales volumes of steelmaking coal and a slightly weaker average U.S. dollar exchange rate.

     Our cost of sales includes all of the expenses required to produce our products, such as labour, energy, operating
     supplies, concentrates purchased for our Trail Operations’ refining and smelting activities, diluent purchased for our
     Fort Hills oil sands mine to transport our bitumen by pipeline, royalties, and marketing and distribution costs required
     to sell and transport our products to various delivery points. Our cost of sales also includes depreciation and
     amortization expense. Due to the geographic locations of many of our operations, we are highly dependent on third
     parties for the provision of rail, port, pipeline and other distribution services. In certain circumstances, we negotiate
     prices and other terms for the provision of these services where we may not have viable alternatives to using specific
     providers, or may not have access to regulated rate-setting mechanisms or appropriate remedies for service failures.
     Contractual disputes, demurrage charges, rail, port and pipeline capacity issues, availability of vessels and railcars,
     weather problems and other factors can have a material effect on our ability to transport materials from our suppliers
     and to our customers in accordance with schedules and contractual commitments.

     Our costs are dictated mainly by our production volumes, by the costs for labour, operating supplies, concentrate
     purchases and diluent purchases, and by strip ratios, haul distances, ore grades, distribution costs, commodity prices,
     foreign exchange rates, costs related to non-routine maintenance projects, and our ability to manage these costs.
     Production volumes mainly affect our variable operating and our distribution costs. In addition, production affects our
     sales volumes and, when combined with commodity prices, affects profitability and, ultimately, our royalty expenses.

     2018 Revenue by Business Unit                  2018 Gross Profit by Business Unit                        2018 Revenue by Commodity
                                                    (Before depreciation and amortization)
                         3%                                  -2%                 18%
                         Energy                              Energy               Zinc                                  3% 3%
                                                                                                             Blended Bitumen Silver        18%
                                                                                                                                           Copper
                                     25%                                                                    19%
                                     Zinc                                                                     Zinc
                                                                                                                                                    4%
     50%                                                                                     22%                                                    Other
Steelmaking                                                                                  Copper
       Coal                                                                                                 3%
                                                                                                           Lead
                                                    62%
                                               Steelmaking
                                                      Coal
                                   22%
                                   Copper
                                                                                                                                      50%
                                                                                                                                      Steelmaking
                                                                                                                                      Coal

                                                                                                      Management’s Discussion and Analysis           37
     Our cost of sales was $7.9 billion in 2018, compared with $7.3 billion in 2017 and $6.9 billion in 2016. In our
     steelmaking coal business, unit cost increases were partly driven by our decision to increase mining activity to capture
     margin in a favourable steelmaking coal price environment. In addition, increased diesel and operating supplies costs
     also resulted in increased unit costs. Costs were higher at our Trail Operations due to both maintenance issues and
     the effect of wildfires in southeast British Columbia, as well as the increase in power costs resulting from the sale of
     the Waneta Dam to BC Hydro in July 2018. Cost of sales in 2018 also included costs from Fort Hills, which produced
     its first bitumen in January and achieved commercial production on June 1.

     Our 2017 costs were higher than 2016 due to a number of factors, including difficult weather conditions early in the
     year, higher employee turnover rates and geotechnical issues at our coal operations, all of which affected material
     movement. Our Highland Valley Copper Operations was mining lower-grade ore as planned, which results in higher
     unit operating costs. At Red Dog, we had some challenges early in the year that affected production and costs. A
     metallurgically complex, highly oxidized, higher-grade ore from the Qanaiyaq pit was introduced to the mill early in the
     year, impacting recoveries. As we gained processing experience with this ore and deepened the pit to access less-
     weathered ore, recoveries improved and allowed us to increase the amount of Qanaiyaq ore, which resulted in a
     significant improvement in metal production in the second half of the year.


     Other Expenses
     ($ in millions)                                                                    2018             2017            2016

     General and administration                                                    $     142       $      116      $       99
     Exploration                                                                           69              58              51
     Research and development                                                              35              55              30
     Asset impairments (impairment reversal)                                               41            (163)            294
     Other operating expense (income)                                                   (450)             230             197
     Finance income                                                                       (33)            (17)             (16)
     Finance expense                                                                     252              229             354
     Non-operating expense (income)                                                        52             151            (239)
     Share of losses (income) of associates                                                 3              (6)              (2)

                                                                                   $      111      $      653      $      768


     We must continually replace our reserves as they are depleted in order to maintain production levels over the long
     term. We try to do this through our exploration and development programs and through acquisition of interests in new
     properties or in companies that own them. Exploration for minerals, steelmaking coal and oil is highly speculative
     and the projects involve many risks. The vast majority of exploration projects are unsuccessful and there are no
     assurances that current or future exploration programs will find deposits that are ultimately brought into production.

     Our research and development expenditures are primarily focused on advancing our proprietary CESL
     hydrometallurgical technology, the development of internal and external growth opportunities, and the development
     and implementation of process and environmental technology improvements at operations, such as the saturated
     rock fill project.

     In 2018, we recorded asset impairments of $41 million, of which $ 31 million related to capitalized exploration
     expenditures that are not expected to be recovered, and $10 million related to our Quebrada Blanca assets that will not
     be recorded through use because mining operations ended in the fourth quarter of 2018 as reserves were depleted.

     In 2017, due to the improvement in steelmaking coal prices and future operating cost estimates, we recorded a
     $207 million reversal of an impairment charge that we took against our steelmaking coal operations in 2015. This
     was partially offset by an impairment of $44 million recorded on our Quebrada Blanca assets that will not be
     recovered through use.




38   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
During 2016, we recorded an impairment of our investment in the Fort Hills oil sands project as a result of increased
development costs. We also recorded asset impairments relating to a project at our Trail Operations and our interest
in the Wintering Hills Wind Power Facility. These charges, primarily related to Fort Hills, totalled $294 million on a
pre-tax basis and $217 million on an after-tax basis.

The key inputs used in determining the magnitude of asset impairments and reversals are outlined on pages 53 to 55
in this Management’s Discussion and Analysis.

The impairment charges and (reversals) were as follows:

($ in millions)                                                                   2018            2017            2016

Steelmaking coal operations                                                 $        –      $     (207)     $        –
Energy — Fort Hills                                                                  –               –             222
Other                                                                               41              44              72

                                                                            $       41      $     (163)     $      294


Other operating income and expenses include items we consider to be related to the operation of our business, such
as final pricing adjustments (which are further described in the following paragraph), share-based compensation, gains
or losses on commodity derivatives, gains or losses on the sale of operating or exploration assets, and provisions for
various costs at our closed properties. Significant items in 2018 included an $888 million gain on the sale of our
two-thirds interest in the Waneta Dam to BC Hydro, $117 million of negative pricing adjustments, $31 million for
environmental costs, $59 million for share-based compensation and a $106 million charge for take-or-pay contracts.
Significant items in 2017 included $190 million of positive pricing adjustments, $186 million for environmental costs,
$125 million for share-based compensation, an $81 million charge for take-or-pay contracts and a $28 million break fee
related to the sale of the Waneta Dam that was paid to Fortis. Significant items in 2016 included a $171 million expense
for share-based compensation, $153 million of positive pricing adjustments, a $48 million charge for take-or-pay
contracts and $144 million for environmental costs.

Sales of our products, including by-products, are recognized in revenue at the point in time when the customer obtains
control of the product. Control is achieved when a product is delivered to the customer, we have present right to
payment for the product, significant risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the customer according to
contract terms, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the product. For
sales of steelmaking coal and copper, zinc and lead concentrates, control of the product generally transfers to the
customer when an individual shipment parcel is loaded onto a carrier accepted or directly contracted by the customer.
For sales of refined metals, chemicals, and fertilizers, control of the product transfers to the customer when the
product is loaded onto a carrier specified by the customer. For blended bitumen, control of the product generally
transfers to the customer when the product passes the delivery point specified in the sales contract.

The majority of our base metal concentrates and refined metals are sold under pricing arrangements where final prices
are determined by quoted market prices in a period subsequent to sale. For these sales, revenue is recognized based
on the estimated consideration to be received at the date of sale with reference to relevant commodity market prices.
Our refined metals are sold under spot or average pricing contracts. For all steelmaking coal sales under average
pricing contracts where pricing is not finalized when revenue is recognized, revenue is recorded based on the
estimated consideration to be received at the date of sale with reference to steelmaking coal price assessments.
The majority of our blended bitumen is sold under pricing arrangements where final prices are determined based on
commodity price indices that are finalized at or near the date of sale. Our revenue for blended bitumen is net of royalty
payments to governments.

Adjustments are made to settlement receivables in subsequent periods based on movements in quoted market prices
or published price assessments (for steelmaking coal) up to the date of final pricing. These pricing adjustments result
in gains in a rising price environment and losses in a declining price environment, and are recorded as other operating
income or expense. The extent of the pricing adjustments also takes into account the actual price participation terms
as provided in certain concentrate sales agreements. It should be noted that these effects arise on the sale of
concentrates, as well as on the purchase of concentrates at our Trail Operations.


                                                                                     Management’s Discussion and Analysis   39
     The following table outlines our outstanding receivable positions, which were provisionally valued at December 31,
     2018 and 2017, respectively.

                                                                           Outstanding at                    Outstanding at
                                                                        December 31, 2018                December 31, 2017
     (payable pounds in millions)                                   Pounds             US$/lb.        Pounds           US$/lb.

     Copper                                                               93       $      2.70            138      $     3.26
     Zinc                                                                208       $      1.12            197      $     1.50


     Our finance expense includes the interest expense on our debt, finance lease interest, letters of credit and standby fees,
     the interest components of our pension obligations, and accretion on our decommissioning and restoration provisions,
     less any interest that we capitalize against the cost of our development projects. Debt interest expense decreased in
     2018, mainly due to the reduction in our outstanding notes. These items were partially offset by additional fees from
     an increase in our outstanding letters of credit, and the effect of accretion on our decommissioning and restoration
     provisions. Further detail is provided in Note 10 to our 2018 audited annual consolidated financial statements.

     Non-operating income (expense) includes items that arise from financial and other matters and includes such items
     as foreign exchange gains or losses, debt refinancing costs, gains or losses on the revaluation of debt prepayment
     options, and gains or losses on the sale of investments. In 2018, other non-operating expenses included $42 million
     of losses on debt prepayment options, $16 million of foreign exchange gains and a $26 million charge on debt
     repurchased during the year. In 2017, other non-operating expenses included $51 million of gains on debt prepayment
     options, $5 million of foreign exchange gains, $9 million of gains on sale of investments and a $216 million charge on
     debt repurchased during the year. In 2016, other non-operating expenses included $113 million of gains on debt
     prepayment options, $46 million of foreign exchange gains, $49 million of gains on debt repurchases and $34 million
     of gains on sale of investments.

     Profit (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests relates to the ownership interests that are held by third parties
     in our Quebrada Blanca, Carmen de Andacollo and Elkview operations, and Compañia Minera Zafranal S.A.C.


     Income Taxes
     Income and resource taxes in 2018 were $1.4 billion, or 30% of pre-tax profits. This effective tax rate is higher than
     the Canadian statutory income tax rate of 27% as a result of resource taxes and higher rates in some foreign
     jurisdictions. The effect of these is partially offset by the gain on the sale of our two-thirds interest in the Waneta
     Dam, which was taxed at a lower rate. Due to available tax pools, we are currently shielded from cash income taxes,
     but not resource taxes, in Canada. We remain subject to cash taxes in foreign jurisdictions.

     Subsequent to year-end, the Peruvian tax authority, Superintendencia Nacional de Aduanas y de Administración
     Tributaria (SUNAT), issued an income tax assessment to Antamina (our joint operation in which we own a 22.5%
     share) denying its accelerated depreciation allowance on costs incurred in 2013 related to the expansion of the
     Antamina mine, as provided under Antamina’s tax stability agreement. If the assessment is sustained, our indirect
     share of the current tax debt that Antamina may have to pay, including interest and penalties, is estimated to be
     approximately $40 million (US$30 million). However, since these items are mainly a matter of timing rather than the
     ultimate liability, the resulting charge to our earnings would be approximately $20 million (US$15 million) consisting of
     interest and penalties. If SUNAT’s view on the scope of the tax stability agreement were sustained and extended to
     2015 (being the last year of tax stability), our indirect share of the tax debt that Antamina may have to pay, including
     interest and penalties, could reach about $125 million (US$94 million) and the charge to our earnings could reach
     about $60 million (US$45 million). Based on opinions from Peruvian counsel, we believe that Antamina’s original filing
     positions will ultimately prevail and Antamina will appeal the 2013 income tax assessment in due course. As a result,
     we have not provided for this matter in our financial statements as at December 31, 2018.




40   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Financial Position and Liquidity
Our financial position and liquidity have improved from our strong position at the beginning of the year. At December
31, 2018, we had $1.7 billion of cash and a US$4.0 billion unused line of credit, providing us with $7.2 billion of liquidity.
Based on our current strong financial position, we expect to be able to maintain our operations and fund our
development activities as planned.

Our outstanding debt was $5.5 billion at December 31, 2018, compared with $6.4 billion at the end of 2017 and
$8.3 billion at the end of 2016. The decrease is due primarily to the US$1.0 billion of notes that we repurchased and
retired in the third quarter of 2018. Additionally, in the first quarter of 2018, we repaid US$22 million of notes that
matured. In total, since September 2015, our term notes have been reduced by US$3.4 billion, reducing the principal
outstanding to US$3.8 billion.

Our debt positions and credit ratios are summarized in the following table:

                                                                                                  2018              2017(4)              2016

Term notes face value                                                                       $    3,809         $    4,831         $     6,141
Unamortized fees and discounts                                                                      (31)               (40)               (50)
Other                                                                                              268                 286                122
Debt (US$ in millions)                                                                      $    4,046         $    5,077         $     6,213

Debt (CAD$ equivalent) (1) (A)                                                              $    5,519         $    6,369         $    8,343
Less cash balances                                                                              (1,734)              (952)             (1,407)
Net debt (2) (B)                                                                            $    3,785         $     5,417        $    6,936

Equity (C)                                                                                  $ 23,018           $ 19,993           $ 18,007
Debt to debt-plus-equity ratio      (2)
                                          (A/(A+C))                                                19%               24%                 32%
Net debt to net-debt-plus-equity ratio (2) (B/(B+C))                                               14%                21%                28%
Debt to EBITDA ratio (2)(3)                                                                        0.9x                1.1x              2.5x
Net debt to EBITDA ratio (2)(3)                                                                    0.6x               1.0x                2.1x
Average interest rate                                                                             6.1%               5.7%               5.7%

Notes:
(1) Translated at year-end exchange rates.
(2) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
(3) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.
(4) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to Note 32
    to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.


At December 31, 2018, the weighted average maturity of our term notes is approximately 16 years and the weighted
average coupon rate is approximately 6.1%.

Our primary sources of liquidity and capital resources are our cash and temporary investments, cash flow provided from
operations, and funds available under our committed and uncommitted bank credit facilities, of which approximately
US$4.1 billion is currently available. Further information about our liquidity and associated risks is outlined in Notes 28
and 30 to our 2018 audited annual consolidated financial statements.

Cash flow from operations was $4.4 billion in 2018. Our cash position increased from $952 million at the end of 2017
to $1.7 billion at December 31, 2018. Significant outflows included $2.6 billion of capital expenditures, $1.4 billion to
purchase and cancel US$1.0 billion of notes, $172 million on returns to shareholders through dividends, $189 million
on share buybacks and $407 million primarily consisting of interest on our outstanding debt.

We maintain various committed and uncommitted credit facilities for liquidity and for the issuance of letters of credit.
Our US$4.0 billion revolving credit facility matures in November 2023 and has a letter of credit sub-limit of US$1.5 billion.
There are currently no drawings on this facility and it remains fully available as at February 12, 2019.

We also have a US$600 million facility that matures in November 2021. As at December 31, 2018, there were
US$573 million of letters of credit issued on this facility.

                                                                                                      Management’s Discussion and Analysis          41
     Borrowing under our primary committed credit facilities is subject to our compliance with the covenants in the
     agreement and our ability to make certain representations and warranties at the time of the borrowing request.

     In addition to our two primary revolving committed credit facilities, we maintain uncommitted bilateral credit facilities
     with various banks and with Export Development Canada for the issuance of letters of credit, stand-alone letters of
     credit and surety bonds, all primarily to support our future reclamation obligations. At December 31, 2018, we had
     $1.82 billion of letters of credit issued on the $2.15 billion of bilateral credit facilities that we have. In addition to the
     letters of credit outstanding under these uncommitted credit facilities, we also had stand-alone letters of credit of
     $369 million outstanding as at December 31, 2018, which were not issued under a credit facility. We also had surety
     bonds of $350 million outstanding as at December 31, 2018 to support our current and future reclamation obligations.

     The cost of funds under certain of our credit facilities depends on our credit ratings. Teck was upgraded to an investment
     grade credit rating by Moody’s on January 16, 2019, at Baa3 with a stable outlook. Our current credit ratings from S&P
     and Fitch are BB+ and BB+, respectively, with positive outlooks. As a result of the Moody’s upgrade, the drawn cost on
     our US$4.0 billion revolving credit facility has been reduced by 0.35%. Should another rating agency upgrade our rating
     by a single notch, letters of credit totalling US$672 million could be released.

     Under the terms of the silver streaming agreement relating to Antamina, if there is an event of default under the
     agreement or Teck insolvency, Teck Base Metals Ltd., our subsidiary that holds our interest in Antamina, is restricted
     from paying dividends or making other distributions to Teck to the extent that there are unpaid amounts under
     the agreement.

     Operating Cash Flow

     Cash flow from operations was $4.4 billion in 2018, compared with a record $5.0 billion in 2017 and $3.1 billion in
     2016. The decrease in 2018 was primarily associated with the changes in non-cash working capital items due to the
     buildup of inventories with the ramp-up of Fort Hills, along with a reduction of accounts payable early in the year
     following a significant increase in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to Red Dog’s seasonality. The increase in 2017
     compared to 2016 was mainly due to the higher average commodity prices.

     Investing Activities

     Capital expenditures in 2018 were $1.9 billion property, plant and equipment and $707 million for capitalized stripping,
     as summarized in the table on pages 49 to 50.

     The largest components of sustaining capital included $232 million at our steelmaking coal operations, $150 million
     at Trail Operations, $65 million at Red Dog Operations and $63 million for our share of spending at Antamina.

     Major enhancement expenditures included $230 million at our steelmaking coal operations, primarily related to the
     upgrade at Neptune Terminals, developing the Baldy Ridge pit at Elkview Operations and the Swift pit at Fording
     River Operations; $100 million for the mill upgrade project at Red Dog Operations; $55 million towards installing
     an additional ball mill to increase grinding circuit capacity at Highland Valley Copper Operations; and $69 million on
     tailings and equipment ramp-up spending at Fort Hills.

     New mine development included $414 million for the Quebrada Blanca Phase 2 project, $263 million for our share of
     completing the development of the Fort Hills oil sands project and $56 million on our Project Satellite.

     Expenditures on investments in 2018 and 2017 were $284 million and $309 million, respectively. In 2018, we paid
     US$112.5 million — US$52.5 million on closing and US$60 million upon receipt of the regulatory approvals received
     in August — to acquire Inversiones Mineras S.A. to bring our ownership share of Quebrada Blanca to 90%. Other
     investments include $44 million for the 1.3% increase in Fort Hills, and $48 million on NuevaUnión, which is an
     equity investment under the IFRS accounting rules. For 2017, investments included $121 million for a 0.89% increase
     in our share of Fort Hills, $43 million on our NuevaUnión copper project, $63 million to acquire Goldcorp’s minority
     21% interest in the San Nicolás copper project, and $13 million to acquire the remaining 70% of AQM Copper Inc.
     not already owned, giving us an 80% interest in the Zafranal copper-gold project located in southern Peru.

     Cash proceeds from the sale of assets and investments were $1.3 billion in 2018, $126 million in 2017 and $170 million
     in 2016. The major item in 2018 was the $1.2 billion of proceeds from the sale of our two-thirds interest in the Waneta
     Dam. Significant items in 2017 were proceeds of $59 million from the sale of our 49% interest in the Wintering Hills
     Wind Power Facility and $30 million from the sale of marketable securities and various royalty interests.


42   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Financing Activities

In 2018, we purchased US$1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of our outstanding notes pursuant to cash tender
offers. The principal amount of notes purchased was US$103 million of 4.50% notes due January 2021, US$471 million
of 4.75% notes due 2022 and US$426 million of 3.75% notes due 2023. The total cost of the purchases, which was
funded from cash on hand, including the premiums, was US$1.01 billion. We recorded a pre-tax accounting charge
of $26 million ($19 million after tax) in non-operating income (expense) in connection with these purchases.

In November 2018, we changed the amounts and maturity dates, and made certain other amendments to our
two committed revolving credit facilities. We increased our US$3.0 billion facility to US$4.0 billion (undrawn at
December 31, 2018) and extended the maturity date from October 2022 to November 2023. We decreased the
US$1.2 billion facility to US$600 million (US$573 million drawn for letters of credit at December 31, 2018) and
extended the maturity date from October 2020 to November 2021. In addition, our obligations under these
agreements and our outstanding 8.5% term notes due 2024 are no longer guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis
by certain Teck subsidiaries.

In April 2017, our Board announced a dividend policy reflecting our commitment to return cash to shareholders in
balance with the needs and opportunities to invest in, and the inherent cyclicality of, our underlying businesses. The
policy is anchored by an annual base dividend of $0.20 per share, to be paid $0.05 on the last business day of each
quarter. Each year the Board will review the free cash flow generated by the business, the outlook for business
conditions and priorities regarding capital allocation, and determine whether a supplemental dividend should be paid.
Any supplemental dividends declared are expected to be paid on the last business day of the calendar year. If
declared, supplemental dividends may be highly variable from year to year, given the volatility of commodity prices
and the potential need to conserve cash for certain project capital expenditures or other corporate priorities. As
always, the payment of dividends is at the discretion of the Board, who will review the dividend policy regularly.
During 2018, we paid $172 million of eligible dividends, of which approximately $57 million, or $0.10 per share,
was for the supplemental dividend.

In 2018, we purchased and cancelled approximately 6.3 million Class B shares at a cost of $189 million under our normal
course issuer bids. Our current normal course issuer bid allows us to purchase up to 40 million Class B shares during the
period starting October 10, 2018 and ending October 9, 2019. As of February 12, 2019, we have purchased approximately
8.5 million shares under this bid for $247 million, of which 4.7 million shares were purchased and cancelled in 2018.

Teck is making the normal course issuer bid because it believes that the market price of its Class B Shares may, from
time to time, not reflect their underlying value and that the share buyback program may provide value by reducing the
number of shares outstanding at attractive prices. All repurchased shares will be cancelled. During Teck’s prior normal
course issuer bid, which commenced on October 10, 2017 and ended October 9, 2018, Teck purchased 7,483,388
Class B Shares on the open market at a volume-weighted average price of $31.05 per Class B Share. Shareholders
may obtain a copy of Teck’s normal course issuer bid notice by contacting our Corporate Secretary.


Quarterly Profit and Cash Flow
($ in millions except per share data)                       2018                                         2017(restated)
                                              Q4          Q3          Q2          Q1          Q4             Q3          Q2        Q1

Revenue                                 $ 3,247     $ 3,209     $ 3,016     $ 3,092     $ 3,156      $ 3,075       $ 2,832     $ 2,847
Gross profit                                1,011       1,009       1,241       1,360       1,263        1,068         1,073     1,163
EBITDA (1)                                  1,152       2,064       1,403       1,555       1,563        1,370         1,341     1,315
Profit attributable
 to shareholders                             433        1,281        634         759         740            584         580       556
Basic earnings per share                $   0.75    $ 2.23      $    1.10   $    1.32   $    1.28    $      1.01   $    1.00   $ 0.96
Diluted earnings per share              $   0.75    $ 2.20      $    1.09   $    1.30   $    1.26    $ 0.99        $ 0.99      $ 0.95
Cash flow from operations               $ 1,352     $    872    $ 1,100     $ 1,114     $ 1,458      $      894    $ 1,407     $ 1,290

Note:
(1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.



                                                                                                 Management’s Discussion and Analysis    43
     Gross profit in the fourth quarter from our steelmaking coal business unit was $819 million, compared with $625 million
     a year ago. Strong fourth quarter sales and significantly higher realized steelmaking coal prices increased gross profit
     before depreciation and amortization by $196 million from a year ago, despite higher operating and transportation
     unit costs.

     Sales volumes of 6.6 million tonnes in the fourth quarter were 5% higher than the same period a year ago, including
     record high monthly sales in November. This strong performance resulted from a combination of robust demand in
     all market areas led by continued steel production capacity growth in India and Southeast Asia and steelmaking coal
     supply concerns, mainly in Australia.

     Gross profit from our copper business unit was $138 million in the fourth quarter, compared with $288 million a year
     ago. Gross profit before depreciation and amortization decreased by $166 million, compared with a year ago due mainly
     to lower copper sales and lower prices for copper and zinc. A sharp decline in copper prices, especially in December,
     also resulted in inventory write-down charges at Quebrada Blanca ($27 million) and Highland Valley Copper ($14 million).
     In the same period last year, we reversed prior inventory write-downs at our Quebrada Blanca mine of $25 million as
     a result of higher copper prices.

     Copper production in the fourth quarter decreased by 7% from a year ago primarily due to lower ore grades and mill
     throughput at Highland Valley Copper, as expected in the mine plan. Our total cash unit costs5 before by-product credits
     in the fourth quarter were US$1.76 per pound, similar to the same period a year ago. Higher zinc and molybdenum
     sales volumes in 2018 were offset by lower zinc prices. As a result, cash unit costs after by-product credits of US$1.28
     per pound in the fourth quarter were also similar to US$1.27 per pound in the fourth quarter last year.

     Gross profit from our zinc business unit was $206 million in the fourth quarter, compared with $350 million a year ago.
     Gross profit before depreciation and amortization decreased by $133 million due primarily to lower zinc prices and a
     decrease in by-product revenues from lead and silver, partially offset by lower royalties.

     Fourth quarter production was lower at our Trail Operations due to planned major maintenance in the lead circuit and
     the treatment of lead concentrates with lower silver content in the period, resulting in refined lead and silver production
     declining substantially by 45% and 77%, respectively, compared with a year ago. Refined zinc production was 7% lower
     due to temporary maintenance issues in the zinc roasters. Profit at Trail Operations was also negatively affected by
     historically low treatment and refining charges and increased electricity costs. At Red Dog, zinc and lead production
     increased by 13% and 6%, respectively, compared to a year ago as a result of strong operational performance with
     higher than planned throughput.

     In our energy business unit, both production volumes and product quality on start-up at the Fort Hills mine have
     exceeded our expectations. Bitumen production from the first two secondary extraction trains at Fort Hills commenced
     in the first quarter of 2018, followed by the third and final train in May. All commissioning and construction activities are
     now complete. In the second quarter, we concluded that Fort Hills was operational and results from Fort Hills are
     included in our consolidated results from June 1, 2018.

     Realized prices and operating results in the fourth quarter were significantly affected by a material decline in global
     benchmark crude oil prices and the widening of Canadian heavy blend differentials, for WCS. In addition, costs
     associated with diluent increased significantly during the fourth quarter of 2018 due to a seasonal increase in diluent
     consumption and unusual widening in the spread between diluent and WCS. As a result of the decline in prices, we
     recorded inventory write-downs during the fourth quarter of approximately $34 million.

     Our profit attributable to shareholders was $433 million, or $0.75 per share, in the fourth quarter compared with
     $740 million, or $1.28 per share, a year ago.

     Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion in the fourth quarter, similar to $1.5 billion a year ago.




     5
         Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.




44   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Outlook
The sales of our products are denominated in U.S. dollars while a significant portion of our expenses are incurred in
local currencies, particularly the Canadian dollar and the Chilean peso. Foreign exchange fluctuations can have a
significant effect on our operating margins, unless such fluctuations are offset by related changes to commodity prices.

Our U.S. dollar denominated debt is subject to revaluation based on changes in the Canadian/U.S. dollar exchange rate.
As at December 31, 2018, $2.6 billion of our U.S. dollar denominated debt is designated as a hedge against our foreign
operations that have a U.S. dollar functional currency. As a result, any foreign exchange gains or losses arising on that
amount of our U.S. dollar debt are recorded in other comprehensive income, with the remainder being charged to profit.

Commodity markets are volatile. Prices can change rapidly and customers can alter shipment plans. This can have a
substantial effect on our business and financial results. Demand fundamentals, especially for steelmaking coal, refined
zinc and refined copper, remain strong and prices for steelmaking coal rose substantially in the past year, contributing
additional revenues and cash flows. Production and logistics disruptions in a number of the coal producing regions
continued to have an effect on available supplies and market prices. Recent uncertainty in global markets arising
from government policy changes, including tariffs and the potential for trade disputes, may have a significant positive
or negative effect on the various products we produce. Price volatility will continue, but over the long term, the
industrialization of emerging economies, as well as infrastructure replacement in developed economies, will continue
to be a major factor in the demand for the commodities we produce.

While price volatility remains a significant factor in our industry, we have taken significant steps to insulate our company
from its effects. We have improved operations and made selective short-term decisions to maximize production more
specifically in our steelmaking coal operations to capture significant gross profit cash margins. We have strengthened
our balance sheet and credit ratings by reducing debt. Further, the supply and demand balance for our products is
favourable. Combined, these factors are significant positives for the outlook for our company.

Commodity Prices and Sensitivities

Commodity prices are a key driver of our profit and cash flows. On the supply side, the depleting nature of ore
reserves, difficulties in finding new ore-bodies, the permitting processes and the availability of skilled resources
to develop projects, as well as infrastructure constraints, political risk and significant cost inflation, may continue to
have a moderating effect on the growth in future production for the industry as a whole.

The sensitivity of our annual profit attributable to shareholders and EBITDA to changes in the Canadian/U.S. dollar
exchange rate and commodity prices, before pricing adjustments, based on our current balance sheet, our expected
2019 mid-range production estimates, current commodity prices and a Canadian/U.S. dollar exchange rate of $1.32,
is as follows:

                                                            2019 Mid-Range                           Estimated Effect                    Estimated
                                                                 Production                                of Change                      Effect on
                                                                  Estimates (1)               Change         on Profit (2)                 EBITDA(2)

US$ exchange                                                                              CAD$0.01            $   48 million         $    76 million
Steelmaking coal (million tonnes)                                         26.25         US$1/tonne            $    20 million        $    31 million
Copper (thousand tonnes)                                                  300.0         US$0.01/lb.           $     5 million        $     8 million
Zinc (thousand tonnes)    (3)
                                                                          942.5         US$0.01/lb.           $    10 million        $    13 million
WCS (million bbl) (4)                                                       13.0            US$1/bbl          $    12 million        $    17 million
WTI   (5)
                                                                                            US$1/bbl          $     9 million        $    12 million

Notes:
(1) All production estimates are subject to change based on market and operating conditions.
(2) The effect on our profit attributable to shareholders and on EBITDA of commodity price and exchange rate movements will vary from quarter to
    quarter depending on sales volumes. Our estimate of the sensitivity of profit and EBITDA to changes in the U.S. dollar exchange rate is sensitive
    to commodity price assumptions.
(3) Zinc includes 307,500 tonnes of refined zinc and 635,000 tonnes of zinc contained in concentrate.
(4) Bitumen volumes from our energy business unit.
(5) Our WTI oil price sensitivity takes into account our interest in Fort Hills for respective change in revenue, partially offset by the effect of the
    change in diluent purchase costs as well as the effect on the change in operating costs across our business units, as our operations use a
    significant amount of diesel fuel.



                                                                                                            Management’s Discussion and Analysis          45
     2019 Production and Other Guidance

     Our steelmaking coal production in 2019 is expected to be in the range of 26.0 to 26.5 million tonnes, compared with
     26.2 million tonnes produced in 2018. Our actual production will depend primarily on customer demand for deliveries
     of steelmaking coal. Depending on market conditions and the sales outlook, we may adjust our production plans.

     Our copper production for 2019 is expected to be in the range of 290,000 to 310,000 tonnes, compared with 293,900
     tonnes produced in 2018. Copper production at Highland Valley Copper is expected to increase approximately 17,000
     tonnes as a result of higher ore grades. Our share of production from Antamina and Carmen de Andacollo is expected
     to remain similar to 2018 levels.

     Our zinc in concentrate production in 2019 is expected to be in the range of 620,000 to 650,000 tonnes, compared with
     705,000 tonnes produced in 2018. Red Dog’s production is expected to be between 535,000 to 555,000 tonnes,
     approximately 7% lower than 2018 production levels. Our share of Antamina’s zinc production in 2019 is expected to
     decrease by approximately 25,000 tonnes. Refined zinc production in 2019 from our Trail Operations is expected to
     be in the range of 305,000 to 310,000 tonnes, compared with 302,900 tonnes produced in 2018.

     Our share of bitumen production in 2019 is expected to be in the range of 12 to 14 million barrels (33,000 to 38,000 barrels
     per day), including estimated production curtailments. The high end of our guidance reflects the Government of Alberta’s
     production curtailments being lifted in the second quarter of 2019.

     In 2019, we expect to spend approximately $140 million on research and development initiatives including our Ideas at
     Work technology and innovation fund, projects that could reduce our energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions
     and the continued advancement of research and development of alternative water treatment strategies, including with
     respect to SRF technology.

     We will apply IFRS 16, Leases (IFRS 16) from January 1, 2019 and expect to record additional leases on our consolidated
     balance sheet, which will increase our debt and property, plant and equipment balances. As a result of recognizing
     additional lease liabilities and right of use assets, we expect a reduction in our cost of sales, as operating lease expense
     will be replaced by depreciation expense and finance expense.




46   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Guidance
Production Guidance

The table below shows our share of production of our principal products for 2018, our guidance for production in 2019
and our guidance for production for the following three years.

                                                                                                                                  Three-Year
Units in thousand tonnes                                                                                           2019            Guidance
(excluding steelmaking coal, molybdenum and bitumen)                                              2018         Guidance          2020–2022

Principal Products
Steelmaking coal (million tonnes)                                                                  26.2       26.0–26.5            26.5–27.5
Copper (1)(2)(3)
 Highland Valley Copper                                                                          100.8           115–120             135–155
 Antamina                                                                                        100.4            95–100               90–95
 Carmen de Andacollo                                                                              67.2             62–67                  60
 Quebrada Blanca (5)                                                                              25.5             20–23                   –
                                                                                                 293.9          290–310             285–305
      (1)(2)(4)
Zinc
 Red Dog                                                                                         583.2          535–555             500–520
 Antamina                                                                                         92.1            65–70              95–110
 Pend Oreille                                                                                     29.7            20–30                   –
                                                                                                 705.0          620–650             600–630
Refined zinc
 Trail Operations                                                                                302.9          305–310             310–315
Bitumen (million barrels ) (2)(6)(7)
 Fort Hills                                                                                         6.8             12–14                   14

Other Products
Lead (1)
 Red Dog                                                                                           98.4            85–90              85–100
Refined lead
 Trail Operations                                                                                  61.0            70–75               85–95
Molybdenum (million pounds) (1)(2)
 Highland Valley Copper                                                                             8.7                6.0            4.0–5.0
 Antamina                                                                                           2.3                2.0            2.0–3.0
                                                                                                   11.0                8.0            6.0–8.0
Refined silver (million ounces)
 Trail Operations                                                                                  11.6             13–14                 N/A

Notes:
(1) Metal contained in concentrate.
(2) We include 100% of production and sales from our Quebrada Blanca and Carmen de Andacollo mines in our production and sales volumes, even
    though we own 90% of these operations, because we fully consolidate their results in our financial statements. We include 22.5% and 21.3% of
    production and sales from Antamina and Fort Hills, respectively, representing our proportionate ownership interest in these operations.
(3) Copper production includes cathode production at Quebrada Blanca and Carmen de Andacollo.
(4) Total zinc includes co-product zinc production from our copper business unit.
(5) Excludes production from QB2 for three-year guidance 2020–2022.
(6) Results for 2018 are effective from June 1, 2018.
(7) The 2020–2022 bitumen production guidance does not include potential near-term debottlenecking opportunities. See energy business unit for
    more information.




                                                                                                      Management’s Discussion and Analysis         47
     Sales Guidance

     The table below shows our sales for the last quarter and our sales guidance for the next quarter for selected
     primary products.

                                                                                                                                  Q4             Q1 2019
                                                                                                                                2018            Guidance

     Steelmaking coal (million tonnes)                                                                                            6.6             6.1–6.3
     Zinc (thousand tonnes) (1)
      Red Dog                                                                                                                  175.7            125–130

     Note:
     (1) Metal contained in concentrate.



     Unit Cost Guidance

     The table below reports our unit costs for selected principal products for 2018 and our guidance for unit costs for
     selected principal products in 2019.

                                                                                                                                                    2019
     (Per unit costs — CAD$/tonne)                                                                                              2018            Guidance

     Steelmaking coal (1)
      Adjusted site cost of sales (5)                                                                                  $           62       $      62–65
      Transportation costs                                                                                                         37              37–39
     Unit costs (5)                                                                                                    $           99       $     99–104
     Copper (2)
      Total cash unit costs (5) (US$/lb.)                                                                              $         1.74       $ 1.70–1.80
      Net cash unit costs (3)(5) (US$/lb.)                                                                             $         1.23       $ 1.45–1.55
     Zinc (4)
      Total cash unit costs (5) (US$/lb.)                                                                              $        0.49        $ 0.50–0.55
      Net cash unit costs (3)(5 ) (US$/lb.)                                                                            $        0.31        $ 0.35–0.40
     Energy (bitumen)
      Adjusted operating costs (5) (CAD$/barrel)                                                                       $       32.89        $      26–29

     Notes:
     (1) Steelmaking coal unit costs are reported in Canadian dollars per tonne. Steelmaking coal unit cost of sales include site costs, transport costs, and
         other and does not include capitalized stripping or capital expenditures. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     (2) Copper unit costs are reported in U.S. dollars per payable pound of metal contained in concentrate. Copper total cash costs after by-product
         margins include adjusted cash cost of sales, smelter processing charges and cash margin for by-products including co-products. Assumes a zinc
         price of US$1.30 per pound, a molybdenum price of US$12 per pound, a silver price of US$16.00 per ounce, a gold price of US$1,250 per ounce
         and a Canadian/U.S. dollar exchange rate of $1.30. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures section” for further information.
     (3) After co-product and by-product margins.
     (4) Zinc unit costs are reported in U.S. dollars per payable pound of metal contained in concentrate. Zinc total cash costs after by-product margins
         are mine costs including adjusted cash cost of sales, smelter processing charges and cash margin for by-products. Assumes a lead price of
         US$1.00 per pound, a silver price of US$16.00 per ounce and a Canadian/U.S. dollar exchange rate of $1.30. By-products include both by-products
         and co-products.
     (5) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information and reconciliation.




48   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Capital Expenditure Guidance

The table below reports our capital expenditures for 2018 and our guidance for capital expenditures in 2019.

                                                                                                                                                     2019
(Teck’s share in $ millions)                                                                                                    2018             Guidance

Sustaining
 Steelmaking coal (1)                                                                                                  $          232        $          540
 Copper                                                                                                                           157                   240
 Zinc                                                                                                                             225                   170
 Energy                                                                                                                            21                    60
 Corporate                                                                                                                         10                     5
                                                                                                                       $          645        $        1,015
Major Enhancement
 Steelmaking coal (2)                                                                                                  $          230        $          410
 Copper                                                                                                                            62                    70
 Zinc                                                                                                                             107                    60
 Energy                                                                                                                            69                   100
                                                                                                                       $          468        $          640
New Mine Development
 Copper(3)                                                                                                             $           56        $          130
 Zinc                                                                                                                              38                    30
 Energy                                                                                                                           285                    30
                                                                                                                       $          379        $          190
Total
 Steelmaking coal                                                                                                      $          462        $          950
 Copper                                                                                                                           275                   440
 Zinc                                                                                                                             370                   260
 Energy                                                                                                                           375                   190
 Corporate                                                                                                                         10                     5
                                                                                                                       $       1,492         $        1,845
QB2 capital expenditures                                                                                                          414                 1,930
Total before SMM and SC contributions                                                                                          1,906                  3,775
Estimated SMM and SC contributions to capital expenditures (4)                                                                     –                 (1,585)
Total Teck spend                                                                                                       $       1,906         $        2,190

Notes:
(1) For steelmaking coal, sustaining capital includes Teck’s share of water treatment charges of $57 million in 2018. Sustaining capital guidance includes
    Teck’s share of water treatment charges related to the Elk Valley Water Quality Plan, which are approximately $235 million in 2019.
(2) For steelmaking coal major enhancement capital guidance includes $210 million relating to the facility upgrade at Neptune Bulk Terminals that will be
    funded by Teck.
(3) For copper, new mine development guidance for 2019 includes early scoping studies for QB3, Zafranal, San Nicolás and Galore Creek.
(4) Total estimated SMM and SC contributions are $1.77 billion. The difference will be in cash at December 31, 2019. Total estimated contributions are
    US$1.2 billion as disclosed and US$142 million for their share of expenditures from January 1, 2019 to March 31, 2019.



Consistent with our direct funding of the capital expenditures, we have included our investments in both sustaining
and major expansion at Neptune Bulk Terminals in our capital expenditures and guidance going forward. This is
consistent with our presentation of these items in previous years when we funded significant capital projects, most
recently in 2013.




                                                                                                                 Management’s Discussion and Analysis          49
     Capital Expenditure Guidance — Capitalized Stripping

                                                                                                                            2019
     (Teck’s share in CAD$ millions)                                                                      2018          Guidance

     Capitalized Stripping
      Steelmaking coal                                                                             $       507      $        410
      Copper                                                                                               161               175
      Zinc                                                                                                  39                45

                                                                                                   $       707      $        630



     Other Information
     Carbon Pricing Policies and Associated Costs

     Across our operations, the most significant carbon pricing action has taken place in Canada. In 2018, our most material
     carbon pricing policy impacts were related to B.C.’s carbon tax. In 2018, the Province of B.C. increased the carbon tax
     by $5 per tonne of CO2-equivalent (CO2e) from $30 to $35. This price is expected to increase by $5 per tonne of CO2e
     per year until reaching $50 per tonne of CO2e. The B.C. Government also made a commitment to address impacts on
     emissions-intensive, trade-exposed industries to ensure that B.C. operations maintain their competitiveness and to
     minimize carbon leakage.

     On January 1, 2018, Alberta introduced the Carbon Competitiveness Incentive Regulation, an industry-specific carbon
     pricing policy requiring large emitters, and other facilities that have opted in, to reduce their emissions intensity below
     a prescribed level, or to purchase emissions credits in concert with or as an alternative to physical abatement, with
     significant penalties for failure to achieve compliance. In June 2018, the Government of Canada introduced the
     Greenhouse Gas Pollution Pricing Act that establishes a federal carbon levy for any province or territory that has not
     implemented a compliant carbon-pricing regime. Federal carbon levy rates will start with a minimum price of $10 per
     tonne in 2018, increasing $10 per year to $50 per tonne by 2022. The Greenhouse Gas Pollution Pricing Act comes
     into effect in April 2019 and will only apply in provinces or territories whose policies are not deemed sufficiently
     similar. Both B.C.’s and Alberta’s policies meet these requirements at this time, and as a result, the national carbon
     pricing regulations will not apply to our operations.

     The cost of compliance with various climate change regulations will ultimately be determined by the regulations
     themselves and by the markets that evolve for carbon credits and offsets. Teck’s greenhouse gas emissions attributable
     to our operations for 2018 are estimated to be approximately 2.9 million tonnes (CO2e). The most material indirect
     emissions associated with our activities are those from the use of our steelmaking coal by our customers. Based
     on our 2018 sales volumes, emissions from the use of our steelmaking coal would have been approximately
     76 million tonnes of CO2.

     For 2018, our seven B.C.-based operations incurred $58.8 million in British Columbia provincial carbon tax and our Cardinal
     River Operations in Alberta paid $1.2 million in carbon costs, primarily from our use of coal, diesel fuel and natural gas.

     We will continue to assess the potential implications of the updated policies on our operations and projects.

     Financial Instruments and Derivatives

     We hold a number of financial instruments, derivatives and contracts containing embedded derivatives, which are recorded
     on our consolidated balance sheet at fair value with gains and losses in each period included in other comprehensive
     income (loss) in the year and profit for the period on our consolidated statements of income and consolidated statements
     of other comprehensive income, as appropriate. The most significant of these instruments are investments in marketable
     equity and debt securities, commodity swap contracts, metal-related forward contracts, settlement receivables and
     payables, embedded debt prepayment options, and gold stream and silver stream embedded derivatives. Some of our
     gains and losses on metal-related financial instruments are affected by smelter price participation and are taken into account
     in determining royalties and other expenses. All are subject to varying rates of taxation, depending on their nature and
     jurisdiction. Further information about our financial instruments, derivatives and contracts containing embedded derivatives
     and associated risks is outlined in Note 28 to our 2018 audited annual consolidated financial statements.


50   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Areas of Judgment and Critical Accounting Estimates
In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make judgments in applying our accounting policies. The
judgments that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in our financial statements are outlined
below. In addition, we make assumptions about the future in deriving estimates used in preparing our consolidated
financial statements. We have outlined below information about assumptions and other sources of estimation
uncertainty as at December 31, 2018 that have a risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities within the next year.

a) Areas of Judgment

Assessment of Impairment Indicators

Judgment is required in assessing whether certain factors would be considered an indicator of impairment or
impairment reversal. We consider both internal and external information to determine whether there is an indicator of
impairment or impairment reversal present and, accordingly, whether impairment testing is required. The information
we consider in assessing whether there is an indicator of impairment or impairment reversal includes, but is not
limited to, market transactions for similar assets, commodity prices, interest rates, inflation rates, our market
capitalization, reserves and resources, mine plans and operating results. Refer to the impairment testing section below
for further detail on our assessment of impairment indicators in 2018 and 2017.

Property, Plant and Equipment — Determination of Available for Use Date

Judgment is required in determining the date that property, plant and equipment is available for use. An asset is available
for use when it is in the location and condition necessary to operate in the manner intended by management. At that
time, we commence depreciation of the asset and cease capitalization of borrowing costs. We consider a number of
factors in making the determination of when an asset is available for use including, but not limited to, design capacity
of the asset, production levels achieved, capital spending remaining and commissioning status. Fort Hills produced
first oil in January 2018 and was considered available for use as at June 1, 2018. When concluding that these assets
were available for use at June 1, 2018, we considered whether all three secondary extraction trains were running as
expected, whether the production and product quality were consistent with expectations, and the status of asset
commissioning. We have included the operating results for Fort Hills in our consolidated statements of income from
that date forward.

Joint Arrangements

We are a party to a number of arrangements over which we do not have control. Judgment is required in determining
whether joint control over these arrangements exists and, if so, which parties have joint control and whether each
arrangement is a joint venture or joint operation. In assessing whether we have joint control, we analyze the activities
of each arrangement and determine which activities most significantly affect the returns of the arrangement over its
life. These activities are determined to be the relevant activities of the arrangement. If unanimous consent is required
over the decisions about the relevant activities, the parties whose consent is required would have joint control over
the arrangement. The judgments around which activities are considered the relevant activities of the arrangement are
subject to analysis by each of the parties to the arrangement and may be interpreted differently. When performing this
assessment, we generally consider decisions about activities such as managing the asset while it is being designed,
developed and constructed, during its operating life and during the closure period. We may also consider other
activities including the approval of budgets, expansion and disposition of assets, financing, significant operating and
capital expenditures, appointment of key management personnel, representation on the Board of Directors and other
items. When circumstances or contractual terms change, we reassess the control group and the relevant activities of
the arrangement.

If we have joint control over the arrangement, an assessment of whether the arrangement is a joint venture or joint
operation is required. This assessment is based on whether we have rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities,
relating to the arrangement or whether we have rights to the net assets of the arrangement. In making this determination,
we review the legal form of the arrangement, the terms of the contractual arrangement and other facts and circumstances.
In a situation where the legal form and the terms of the contractual arrangement do not give us rights to the assets and



                                                                                        Management’s Discussion and Analysis    51
     obligations for the liabilities, an assessment of other facts and circumstances is required, including whether the activities of
     the arrangement are primarily designed for the provision of output to the parties and whether the parties are substantially
     the only source of cash flows contributing to the arrangement. The consideration of other facts and circumstances may
     result in the conclusion that a joint arrangement is a joint operation. This conclusion requires judgment and is specific to
     each arrangement. Other facts and circumstances have led us to conclude that Antamina and Fort Hills are joint operations
     for the purposes of our 2018 audited annual consolidated financial statements. The other facts and circumstances
     considered for both of these arrangements include the provisions of output to the parties of the joint arrangements and
     the funding obligations. For both Antamina and Fort Hills, we will take our share of the output from the assets directly
     over the life of the arrangement. We have concluded that this gives us direct rights to the assets and obligations for the
     liabilities of these arrangements proportionate to our ownership interests.

     Streaming Transactions

     When we enter into a long-term streaming arrangement linked to production at specific operations, judgment is required in
     assessing the appropriate accounting treatment for the transaction on the closing date and in future periods. We consider the
     specific terms of each arrangement to determine whether we have disposed of an interest in the reserves and resources of
     the respective operation or executed some other form of arrangement. This assessment considers what the counterparty
     is entitled to and the associated risks and rewards attributable to them over the life of the operation. These include the
     contractual terms related to the total production over the life of the arrangement as compared to the expected production
     over the life of the mine, the percentage being sold, the percentage of payable metals produced, the commodity price
     referred to in the ongoing payment and any guarantee relating to the upfront payment if production ceases.

     For our silver and gold streaming arrangements entered into in 2015, there is no guarantee associated with the upfront
     payment. We have concluded that control of the rights to the silver and gold mineral interests were transferred to the
     buyer when the contracts came into effect at Antamina and Carmen de Andacollo, respectively. Therefore, we consider
     these arrangements a disposition of a mineral interest.

     Any gains from the sale of mineral properties are recognized in accordance with IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts
     with Customers (IFRS 15). For both streaming transactions, the total transaction price less costs was allocated to the
     identified performance obligations based on their estimated stand-alone selling prices. The performance obligations
     include the interest in the reserves and resources of the operation, mining, refining and delivery services. The
     allocation involved the use of a variety of estimates in a discounted cash flow model to estimate the stand-alone
     selling price of the mineral interest. The significant estimates included expected commodity prices, production costs,
     discount rates and mine plans. A residual value approach was used to estimate the selling prices of mining services.

     Based on our judgment, control of the interest in the reserves and resources transferred to the buyer when the
     contract was executed. At that time, we had the right to payment, the customer was entitled to the commodities,
     the buyer had no recourse in requiring Teck to mine the product, and the buyer had significant risks and rewards of
     ownership of the reserves and resources. The allocation of proceeds under IFRS 15 resulted in a net gain allocated to
     the reserves and resources for the Antamina silver stream transaction. This resulted in an IFRS 15 transition pre-tax
     adjustment of $755 million to retained earnings, as the amount was previously recorded as deferred consideration.
     There was no net gain or loss adjustment on application of IFRS 15 to the Carmen de Andacollo gold stream.

     We recognize the amount of consideration related to refining, mining and delivery services as the work is performed.

     Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities

     Judgment is required in assessing whether deferred tax assets and certain deferred tax liabilities are recognized on the
     balance sheet and what tax rate is expected to be applied in the year when the related temporary differences reverse,
     particularly in regard to the utilization of tax loss carryforwards. We also evaluate the recoverability of deferred tax assets
     based on an assessment of our ability to use the underlying future tax deductions before they expire against future taxable
     income. Deferred tax liabilities arising from temporary differences on investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
     are recognized unless the reversal of the temporary differences is not expected to occur in the foreseeable future and can be
     controlled. Judgment is also required on the application of income tax legislation. These judgments are subject to risk and
     uncertainty and could result in an adjustment to the deferred tax provision and a corresponding credit or charge to profit.

     b) Sources of Estimation Uncertainty



52   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Impairment Testing

When impairment testing is required, discounted cash flow models are used to determine the recoverable amount
of respective assets. These models are prepared internally with assistance from third-party advisors when required.
When market transactions for comparable assets are available, these are considered in determining the recoverable
amount of assets. Significant assumptions used in preparing discounted cash flow models include commodity
prices, reserves and resources, mine plans, operating costs, capital expenditures, discount rates, foreign exchange
rates and inflation rates. These inputs are based on management’s best estimates of what an independent market
participant would consider appropriate. Changes in these inputs may alter the results of impairment testing, the
amount of the impairment charges or reversals recorded in the statement of income and the resulting carrying
values of assets.

We allocate goodwill arising from business combinations to the cash-generating unit (CGU) or group of CGUs acquired that
is expected to receive the benefits from the business combination. When performing annual goodwill impairment tests, we
are required to determine the recoverable amount of each CGU or group of CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated. Our
Quebrada Blanca CGU and steelmaking coal CGU have goodwill allocated to them. The recoverable amount of each CGU
or group of CGUs is determined as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.

Asset Impairments and Impairment Reversals

($ in millions)                                                                                   2018            2017

Steelmaking coal CGU                                                                        $         –     $     (207)
Other                                                                                               41              44

Total                                                                                       $       41      $     (163)


Steelmaking Coal CGU

In 2018, there were no indicators of impairment or impairment reversal relating to our steelmaking coal CGU. We
performed our annual goodwill impairment testing for the steelmaking coal CGU as at October 31, 2018, which is
outlined in more detail below.

As at December 31, 2017, we recorded a pre-tax impairment reversal of $207 million ($131 million after tax) related to
one of the mines in our steelmaking coal CGU. The estimated post-tax recoverable amount of this mine was significantly
higher than the carrying value. This impairment reversal arose as a result of changes in short-term and long-term
market participant price expectations for steelmaking coal and expected future operating cost estimates included in
our annual goodwill impairment testing.

Other

During the year ended December 31, 2018, we recorded other asset impairments of $41 million, of which $31 million is
related to capitalized exploration expenditures that are not expected to be recovered and $10 million ($44 million—2017)
is related to Quebrada Blanca assets that will not be recovered through use.

Annual Goodwill Impairment Testing
In 2018, we performed our annual goodwill impairment testing at October 31 and did not identify any goodwill
impairment losses.
Given the nature of expected future cash flows used to determine the recoverable amount, a material change could
occur over time, as the cash flows are significantly affected by the key assumptions described as follows.




                                                                                     Management’s Discussion and Analysis   53
     Sensitivity Analysis

     Our annual goodwill impairment test carried out at October 31, 2018 resulted in the recoverable amount of our
     steelmaking coal CGU exceeding its carrying value by approximately $6.7 billion. The recoverable amount of our
     steelmaking coal CGU is most sensitive to the long-term Canadian dollar steelmaking coal price assumption.
     In isolation, a 15% decrease in the long-term Canadian dollar steelmaking coal price would result in the recoverable
     amount of the steelmaking coal CGU being equal to the carrying value.
     Our annual goodwill impairment test for the Quebrada Blanca CGU carried out at October 31, 2018 resulted in a
     recoverable amount that exceeded the carrying value and no goodwill impairment losses were identified. Subsequent
     to our annual goodwill impairment test, Teck announced the QB2 partnering transaction with SMM and SC. We
     compared the implied fair value that can be derived from the announced market transaction to the carrying value
     for our Quebrada Blanca CGU and concluded that the fair value exceeded our carrying value, including goodwill.
     In deriving a fair value for QBSA relative to the interest subscribed for by SMM and SC, we adjusted the transaction
     value to reflect the additional value attributed to a controlling interest.

     Key Assumptions
     The following are the key assumptions used in our impairment testing calculations during the years ended
     December 31, 2018 and 2017:

                                        2018                                         2017

     Steelmaking coal prices            Current price used in initial year,          Current price used in initial year,
                                        decreased to a long-term price in            decreased to a long-term price in 2022 of
                                        2023 of US$150 per tonne                     US$140 per tonne
     Copper prices                      Current price used in initial year,          Current price used in initial year,
                                        increased to a long-term price in            decreased to a long-term price in 2022 of
                                        2023 of US$3.00 per pound                    US$3.00 per pound
     Discount rate                      6.0%                                         5.9%
     Long-term foreign                  1 U.S. to 1.25 Canadian dollars              1 U.S. to 1.25 Canadian dollars
      exchange rate

     Inflation rate                     2%                                           2%


     Commodity Prices
     Commodity price assumptions are based on a number of factors, including forward curves in the near term, and are
     benchmarked with external sources of information, including information published by our peers and market transactions,
     where possible, to ensure they are within the range of values used by market participants.

     Discount Rates

     Discount rates are based on a mining weighted average cost of capital for all mining operations. For the year ended
     December 31, 2018, we used a discount rate of 6.0% real, 8.1% nominal post-tax (2017 — 5.9% real, 8.0% nominal
     post-tax) for mining operations and goodwill.

     Foreign Exchange Rates

     Foreign exchange rates are benchmarked with external sources of information based on a range used by market participants.
     Long-term foreign exchange assumptions are from year 2023 onwards for analysis performed in the year ended
     December 31, 2018, and are from year 2022 onwards for analysis performed in the year ended December 31, 2017.

     Inflation Rates

     Inflation rates are based on average historical inflation for the location of each operation and long-term government targets.




54   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Reserves and Resources

Future mineral production is included in projected cash flows based on mineral reserve and resource estimates,
and on exploration and evaluation work undertaken by appropriately qualified persons.

Operating Costs and Capital Expenditures

Operating costs and capital expenditures are based on life of mine plans and internal management forecasts. Cost
estimates incorporate management experience and expertise, current operating costs, the nature and location of each
operation, and the risks associated with each operation. Future capital expenditures are based on management’s best
estimate of expected future capital requirements, which are generally for the extraction and processing of existing
reserves and resources. All committed and anticipated capital expenditures based on future cost estimates have been
included in the projected cash flows. Operating cost and capital expenditure assumptions are continuously subjected
to ongoing optimization and review by management.

Recoverable Amount Basis

In the absence of a relevant market transaction, we estimate the recoverable amount of our CGUs on a fair value less
costs of disposal (FVLCD) basis using a discounted cash flow methodology and taking into account assumptions likely
to be made by market participants unless it is expected that the value-in-use methodology would result in a higher
recoverable amount. For the asset impairment, impairment reversal and goodwill impairment analyses performed in
2018 and 2017, we have applied the FVLCD basis.

Estimated Recoverable Reserves and Resources

Mineral and oil reserve and resource estimates are based on various assumptions relating to operating matters
as set forth in National Instrument 43-101, Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects and National Instrument
51-101, Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities. Assumptions used include production costs, mining and
processing recoveries, cut-off grades, marketing and sales, long-term commodity prices and, in some cases,
exchange rates, inflation rates and capital costs. Cost estimates are based on pre-feasibility or feasibility study
estimates or operating history. Estimates are prepared by, or under the supervision of, appropriately qualified
persons, or qualified reserves evaluators, but will be affected by forecasted commodity prices, inflation rates,
exchange rates, capital and production costs, and recoveries, among other factors. Estimated recoverable reserves
and resources are used to determine the depreciation of property, plant and equipment at operating mine sites, in
accounting for capitalized production stripping costs, in performing impairment testing, and in forecasting the timing
of the payment of decommissioning and restoration costs. Therefore, changes in the assumptions used could affect
the carrying value of assets, depreciation and impairment charges recorded in the statement of income, and the
carrying value of the decommissioning and restoration provision.

Decommissioning and Restoration Provisions

The decommissioning and restoration provision (DRP) is based on future cost estimates using information available
at the balance sheet date. The DRP represents the present value of estimated costs of future decommissioning and
other site restoration activities. The DRP is adjusted at each reporting period for changes to factors such as the
expected amount of cash flows required to discharge the liability, the timing of such cash flows and the credit-
adjusted discount rate. The DRP requires other significant estimates and assumptions, including the requirements
of the relevant legal and regulatory framework and the timing, extent and costs of required decommissioning and
restoration activities. To the extent the actual costs differ from these estimates, adjustments will be recorded and
the income statement may be affected.

Provision for Income Taxes

We calculate current and deferred tax provisions for each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Actual amounts
of income tax expense are not final until tax returns are filed and accepted by the relevant authorities. This occurs
subsequent to the issuance of our financial statements, and the final determination of actual amounts may not be
completed for a number of years. Therefore, profit in subsequent periods will be affected by the amount that
estimates differ from the final tax return.



                                                                                    Management’s Discussion and Analysis   55
     Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities

     Assumptions about the generation of future taxable profits and repatriation of retained earnings depend on
     management’s estimates of future production and sales volumes, commodity prices, reserves and resources,
     operating costs, decommissioning and restoration costs, capital expenditures, dividends and other capital
     management transactions. These estimates could result in an adjustment to the deferred tax provision and
     a corresponding credit or charge to profit.


     Adoption of New Accounting Standards and Accounting Developments
     Adoption of New Accounting Standards

     We adopted IFRS 15 and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9), which became effective January 1, 2018. Effective
     October 1, 2018, we also adopted the hedging requirements section of IFRS 9. We have adopted these new IFRS
     pronouncements in accordance with the transitional provisions outlined in the respective standards.

     IFRS 9 was adopted prospectively from January 1, 2018 and did not affect our previously reported figures for 2017.
     There were no measurement changes to our financial assets or financial liabilities as a result of adopting IFRS 9. In
     addition, the adoption of the hedging requirements section of IFRS 9 on October 1, 2018 did not affect our existing
     designated hedging relationships.

     We adopted IFRS 15 on January 1, 2018 in accordance with the transitional provisions of the standard, applying a full
     retrospective approach in restating our prior period financial information. Based on our analysis, the timing and amount
     of our revenue from product sales did not change significantly under IFRS 15. For steelmaking coal sales where we
     have a shipment that is partially loaded on a vessel at a reporting date, we concluded that the performance obligation
     in these contracts is for the full shipment. Therefore, we cannot recognize revenue until the full shipment is loaded.
     This does not significantly affect the revenue recognized in a period. This is a timing difference only and does not
     change the amount of revenue recognized for the full shipment.

     As part of our assessment of IFRS 15, we analyzed the treatment of freight services provided to customers subsequent
     to the transfer of control of the product sold. Under IFRS 15, in our view, these services represent performance
     obligations that should be recognized separately. For the performance obligation related to these freight services,
     we have concluded that we are the principal to the shipping of product in our refined metal sales and concentrate
     sales contracts and will continue to reflect the revenue in these arrangements on a gross basis. For certain of our
     steelmaking coal sales contracts, we have concluded that we are the agent to the ocean freight shipping of product
     due to the terms of the arrangement, and our revenue will be reported on a net basis for these arrangements. There
     will be no effect on our gross profit, as the freight costs will be netted against revenue for these arrangements and
     not presented within cost of sales.

     We have assessed the effects of IFRS 15 on our silver and gold streaming arrangements. At the date these
     transactions were completed, we accounted for the arrangements as the sale of a portion of our mineral interests at
     Antamina and Carmen de Andacollo, respectively. We did not recognize disposal gains on the transactions as a result
     of the requirements of the IFRS standards in effect at the dates of closing. Under the recognition and measurement
     principles of IFRS 15, any gain on these streaming transactions would have been recognized in full as control over the
     right to the silver or gold mineral interest transferred to the purchaser. Accordingly, we have recognized the deferred
     consideration recorded on our balance sheet through equity on transition to IFRS 15 as at January 1, 2017, resulting in
     an increase in equity of $565 million, reduction in deferred consideration on the balance sheet of $755 million and an
     increase in our deferred tax liabilities of $190 million. We also reversed the amortization of the deferred consideration
     that was recorded as a reduction of cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2017.

     The tables in Note 32(a) to our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018
     outline the adjustments to our financial statements resulting from the adoption of IFRS 15, described above, for all
     comparative periods presented, and includes a summary of changes to our significant accounting policies that resulted
     from the adoption of IFRS 15 and IFRS 9.




56   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
The adoption of these new IFRS pronouncements has resulted in adjustments to previously reported figures for 2017.
Refer to Note 32 to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018 for
further detail on the adjustments to previously reported figures and our assessment of the effect of adoption of these
new IFRS pronouncements, including changes to our significant accounting policies that resulted from the adoption.

Accounting Developments

New IFRS pronouncements that have been issued but are not yet effective are listed below. We plan to apply the new
standard or interpretation in the annual period for which it is required.

Leases

The International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) issued IFRS 16, Leases (IFRS 16), which eliminates the
classification of leases as either operating or finance leases for a lessee. IFRS 16 is effective from January 1, 2019. Under
IFRS 16, all leases will be recorded on the balance sheet for the lessee. The only exemptions to this will be for leases
that are 12 months or less in duration or for leases of low-value assets. The requirement to record all leases on the
balance sheet under IFRS 16 will increase “right-of-use” assets and lease liabilities on an entity’s financial statements.
IFRS 16 will also change the nature of expenses relating to leases, as the straight-line lease expense previously
recognized for operating leases will be replaced with depreciation expense for right-of-use assets and finance expense
for lease liabilities. IFRS 16 includes an overall disclosure objective and requires a company to disclose (a) information
about right-of-use assets and expenses and cash flows related to leases, (b) a maturity analysis of lease liabilities, and
(c) any additional company-specific information that is relevant to satisfying the disclosure objective.

As at December 31, 2018, our review and assessment of IFRS 16 and the effect on our financial statements is nearing
completion. Our work around identification of leases is substantially complete and we are currently finalizing our
calculation and review of the lease balances under the requirements of IFRS 16. We are also reviewing our processes
and internal controls to ensure leases are properly identified and accounted for going forward. We will apply IFRS 16
as at January 1, 2019 using a cumulative catch-up approach where we will record leases prospectively from that date
forward and will not restate comparative information. We will record right-of-use assets based on the lease liabilities
determined as at January 1, 2019 and as a result, will not have a retained earnings adjustment on transition.

Conceptual Framework

In March 2018, the IASB issued a comprehensive set of concepts for financial reporting, the revised Conceptual
Framework for Financial Reporting (revised Conceptual Framework), replacing the previous version of the Conceptual
Framework issued in 2010. The purpose of the revised Conceptual Framework is to assist preparers of financial
reports to develop consistent accounting policies for transactions or other events when no IFRS applies or IFRS allows
a choice of accounting policies and to assist all parties to understand and interpret IFRS.

The revised Conceptual Framework sets out the objective of general purpose financial reporting; the qualitative
characteristics of useful financial information; a description of the reporting entity and its boundary; definitions of an
asset, a liability, equity, income and expenses and guidance on when to derecognize them; measurement bases and
guidance on when to use them; concepts and guidance on presentation and disclosure; and concepts relating to
capital and capital maintenance. The revised Conceptual Framework provides concepts and guidance that underpin
the decisions the IASB makes when developing standards but is not in itself an IFRS standard and does not override
any IFRS standard or any requirement of an IFRS standard. The revised Conceptual Framework is applicable to annual
periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020 for preparers who develop an accounting policy based on the Conceptual
Framework. We are currently assessing the effect of the revised Conceptual Framework on our financial statements.


Outstanding Share Data
As at February 12, 2019, there were approximately 559.7 million Class B subordinate voting shares and 7.8 million
Class A common shares outstanding. In addition, there were approximately 19.6 million employee stock options
outstanding, with exercise prices ranging between $4.15 and $58.80 per share. More information on these instruments,
and the terms of their conversion, is set out in Note 23 to our 2018 audited financial statements.




                                                                                         Management’s Discussion and Analysis   57
     Contractual and Other Obligations
                                                             Less than                 2–3                 4–5         More than
     ($ in millions)                                            1 Year                Years               Years          5 Years                 Total

     Principal and interest payments on debt                $       317         $       815        $     1,157         $     7,990         $ 10,279
     Operating leases     (1)
                                                                    113                 105                  57                164                 439
     Capital leases                                                  50                  84                  63                556                 753
     Minimum purchase obligations          (2)

      Concentrate, equipment,
       supply and other purchases                                   683                 168                  35                  36                922
      Shipping and distribution                                     436                490                 322                 760              2,008
      Energy contracts                                              260                530                 546               3,666              5,002
      NAB PILT and VIF payments           (7)
                                                                     37                  83                  83                  77                280
     Pension funding (3)                                             22                    –                   –                  –                 22
     Other non-pension
      post-retirement benefits (4)                                    15                 32                  34                311                 392
     Decommissioning and
      restoration provision (5)                                      91                 133                100               1,290               1,614
     Other long-term liabilities (6)                                 64                  79                  21                  30                194

                                                            $    2,088         $     2,519         $     2,418         $ 14,880            $ 21,905

     Notes:
     (1) We lease road and port facilities from the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority, through which it ships metal concentrates produced
         at the Red Dog mine. Minimum lease payments are US$18 million for the next 4 years and US$6 million for the following 18 years and are subject
         to deferral and abatement for force majeure events.
     (2) The majority of our minimum purchase obligations are subject to continuing operations and force majeure provisions.
     (3) As at December 31, 2018, the company had a net pension asset of $164 million, based on actuarial estimates prepared on a going concern basis.
         The amount of minimum funding for 2019 in respect of defined benefit pension plans is $22 million. The timing and amount of additional funding
         after 2019 is dependent upon future returns on plan assets, discount rates and other actuarial assumptions.
     (4) We had a discounted, actuarially determined liability of $392 million in respect of other non-pension post-retirement benefits as at December 31,
         2018. Amounts shown are estimated expenditures in the indicated years.
     (5) We accrue environmental and reclamation obligations over the life of our mining operations, and amounts shown are estimated expenditures in
         the indicated years at fair value, assuming credit-adjusted risk-free discount rates between 6.49% and 7.99% and an inflation factor of 2.00%.
     (6) Other long-term liabilities include amounts for post-closure, environmental costs and other items.
     (7) On April 25, 2017, Teck Alaska entered into a 10-year agreement with the Northwest Arctic Borough (NAB) for payments in lieu of taxes (PILT).
         Payments under the agreement are based on a percentage of land, buildings and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation. The effective
         date of this agreement was January 1, 2016 and this agreement expires on December 31, 2025. On April 25, 2017, Teck Alaska entered into a
         10-year agreement with the Northwest Arctic Borough (NAB) for payments to a village improvement fund (VIF). Payments under the agreement
         are based on a percentage of earnings before income taxes, with 2017–2025 having minimum payments of $4 million and maximum payments of
         $8 million. The effective date of this agreement was January 1, 2016 and this agreement expires on December 31, 2025.



     Disclosure Controls and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
     Disclosure Controls and Procedures

     Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be
     disclosed in reports filed or submitted by us under U.S. and Canadian securities legislation is recorded, processed,
     summarized and reported within the time periods specified in those rules, and include controls and procedures
     designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted by us under U.S. and
     Canadian securities legislation is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive
     Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to permit timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
     Management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of




58   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in the rules of the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission and the Canadian Securities Administrators, as at December 31, 2018. Based on this evaluation,
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as at December 31, 2018.

Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Any system of internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well-designed, has inherent limitations.
Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to
financial statement preparation and presentation. Management has used the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013 framework to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that as at December 31, 2018, our internal
control over financial reporting was effective.

The effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
an independent registered public accounting firm, who have expressed their opinion in their report included with our
annual consolidated financial statements.


Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Our financial results are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). This document
refers to a number of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, which are not measures recognized under IFRS in Canada and
do not have a standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS or Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) in the
United States.

The Non-GAAP Measures described below do not have standardized meanings under IFRS, may differ from those
used by other issuers, and may not be comparable to such measures as reported by others. These measures have
been derived from our financial statements and applied on a consistent basis as appropriate. We disclose these
measures because we believe they assist readers in understanding the results of our operations and financial position
and are meant to provide further information about our financial results to investors. These measures should not be
considered in isolation or used in substitute for other measures of performance prepared in accordance with IFRS.

Adjusted profit: For adjusted profit, we adjust profit attributable to shareholders as reported to remove the after-tax
effect of certain types of transactions that in our judgment are not indicative of our normal operating activities or do
not necessarily occur on a regular basis.

Adjusted basic earnings per share: Adjusted basic earnings per share is adjusted profit divided by average number
of shares outstanding in the period.

Adjusted diluted earnings per share: Adjusted diluted earnings per share is adjusted profit divided by average number
of fully diluted shares in a period.

EBITDA: EBITDA is profit attributable to shareholders before net finance expense, provision for income taxes, and
depreciation and amortization.

Adjusted EBITDA: Adjusted EBITDA is EBITDA before the pre-tax effect of the adjustments that we make to adjusted
profit attributable to shareholders as described above.

The above adjustments to profit attributable to shareholders and EBITDA highlight items and allow us and readers to
analyze the rest of our results more clearly. We believe that disclosing these measures assists readers in understanding
the ongoing cash generating potential of our business in order to provide liquidity to fund working capital needs, service
outstanding debt, fund future capital expenditures and investment opportunities, and pay dividends.

Gross profit before depreciation and amortization: Gross profit before depreciation and amortization is gross
profit with the depreciation and amortization expense added back. We believe this measure assists us and readers
to assess our ability to generate cash flow from our business units or operations.




                                                                                       Management’s Discussion and Analysis   59
     Unit costs: Unit costs for our steelmaking coal operations are total cost of goods sold, divided by tonnes sold in the
     period, excluding depreciation and amortization charges. We include this information as it is frequently requested by
     investors and investment analysts who use it to assess our cost structure and margins and compare it to similar
     information provided by many companies in the industry.

     Adjusted site cost of sales: Adjusted site cost of sales for our steelmaking coal operations is defined as the cost of
     the product as it leaves the mine excluding depreciation and amortization charges, outbound transportation costs and
     any one-time collective agreement charges and inventory write-down provisions.

     Total cash unit costs: Total cash unit costs for our copper and zinc operations include adjusted cash costs of sales,
     as described above, plus the smelter and refining charges added back in determining adjusted revenue. This
     presentation allows a comparison of total cash unit costs, including smelter charges, to the underlying price of copper
     or zinc in order to assess the margin for the mine on a per unit basis.

     Net cash unit costs: Net cash unit costs of principal product, after deducting co-product and by-product margins, are
     also a common industry measure. By deducting the co- and by-product margin per unit of the principal product, the
     margin for the mine on a per unit basis may be presented in a single metric for comparison to other operations. Readers
     should be aware that this metric, by excluding certain items and reclassifying cost and revenue items, distorts our actual
     production costs as determined under IFRS.

     Adjusted cash costs of sales: Adjusted cash cost of sales for our copper and zinc operations is defined as the cost
     of the product delivered to the port of shipment, excluding depreciation and amortization charges, any one-time
     collective agreement charges or inventory write-down provisions, and by-product cost of sales. It is common practice
     in the industry to exclude depreciation and amortization, as these costs are non-cash, and discounted cash flow
     valuation models used in the industry substitute expectations of future capital spending for these amounts.

     Adjusted operating costs: Adjusted operating costs for our energy business unit are defined as the costs of product
     as it leaves the mine, excluding depreciation and amortization charges, cost of diluent for blending to transport our
     bitumen by pipeline, cost of non-proprietary product purchased, and transportation costs of our product, and
     non-proprietary product and any one-time collective agreement charges or inventory write-down provisions.

     Cash margins for by-products: Cash margins for by-products is revenue from by-products and co-products, less any
     associated cost of sales of the by-product and co-product. In addition, for our copper operations, by-product cost of
     sales also includes cost recoveries associated with our streaming transactions.

     Adjusted revenue: Adjusted revenue for our copper and zinc operations excludes the revenue from co-products and
     by-products, but adds back the processing and refining charges to arrive at the value of the underlying payable pounds
     of copper and zinc. Readers may compare this on a per unit basis with the price of copper and zinc on the LME.

     Adjusted revenue for our energy business unit excludes the cost of diluent for blending and non-proprietary product
     revenues, but adds back Crown royalties to arrive at the value of the underlying bitumen.

     Blended bitumen revenue: Blended bitumen revenue is revenue as reported for our energy business unit, but
     excludes non-proprietary product revenue, and adds back Crown royalties that are deducted from revenue.

     Blended bitumen price realized: Blended bitumen price realized is blended bitumen revenue divided by blended
     bitumen barrels sold in the period.

     Operating netback: Operating netbacks per barrel in our energy business unit are calculated as blended bitumen
     sales revenue net of diluent expenses (also referred to as bitumen price realized), less Crown royalties, transportation
     and operating expenses divided by barrels of bitumen sold. We include this information as investors and investment
     analysts use it to measure our profitability on a per barrel basis and compare it to similar information provided by other
     companies in the oil sands industry.

     The debt-related measures outlined below are disclosed as we believe they provide readers with information that allows
     them to assess our credit capacity and the ability to meet our short and long-term financial obligations.

     Net debt: Net debt is total debt, less cash and cash equivalents.

     Debt to debt-plus-equity ratio: Debt to debt-plus-equity ratio takes total debt as reported and divides that by the
     sum of total debt plus total equity, expressed as a percentage.



60   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Net debt to net debt-plus-equity ratio: Net debt to net debt-plus-equity ratio is net debt divided by the sum of
net debt plus total equity, expressed as a percentage.

Debt to EBITDA ratio: Debt to EBITDA ratio takes total debt as reported and divides that by EBITDA for the 12 months
ended at the reporting period, expressed as the number of times EBITDA needs to be earned to repay all of the
outstanding debt.

Net debt to EBITDA ratio: Net debt to EBITDA ratio is the same calculation as the debt to EBITDA ratio, but using
net debt as the numerator.

Reconciliation of Basic Earnings per share to Adjusted Basic Earnings per share

(Per share amounts)                                                                                                2018             2017(1)

Earnings per share                                                                                           $      5.41        $     4.26
Add (deduct):
 Debt purchase losses                                                                                               0.03               0.28
 Debt prepayment option loss (gain)                                                                                 0.05              (0.07)
 Asset sales                                                                                                       (1.40)             (0.01)
 Foreign exchange loss (gain)                                                                                      (0.01)             (0.01)
 Environmental provisions                                                                                           0.02               0.10
 Asset impairments (reversals)                                                                                      0.05              (0.17)
 Other                                                                                                             (0.02)            (0.02)
Adjusted earnings per share                                                                                  $      4.13        $     4.36

Note:
(1) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to
    Note 32 to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.




Reconciliation of Diluted Earnings per share to Adjusted Diluted Earnings per share

(Per share amounts)                                                                                                2018              2017(1)

Diluted earnings per share                                                                                   $      5.34        $      4.19
Add (deduct):
 Debt purchase losses                                                                                               0.03               0.28
 Debt prepayment option loss (gain)                                                                                 0.05             (0.06)
 Asset sales                                                                                                       (1.39)             (0.01)
 Foreign exchange loss (gain)                                                                                      (0.01)             (0.01)
 Environmental provisions                                                                                           0.02               0.10
 Asset impairments (reversals)                                                                                      0.05              (0.17)
 Other                                                                                                             (0.02)             (0.02)
Adjusted diluted earnings per share                                                                          $      4.07        $     4.30

Note:
(1) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to
    Note 32 to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.




                                                                                                    Management’s Discussion and Analysis       61
     Reconciliation of Net Debt to EBITDA Ratio

     ($ in millions)                                                                                                      2018              2017(1)

     Profit attributable to shareholders                                                                            $     3,107        $     2,460
     Finance expense net of finance income                                                                                  219                   212
     Provision for income taxes                                                                                           1,365              1,425
     Depreciation and amortization                                                                                       1,483               1,492
     EBITDA                                                                                                         $     6,174        $     5,589
     Total debt at period end                                                                                       $     5,519        $     6,369
     Less: cash and cash equivalents at period end                                                                       (1,734)                 (952)
     Net debt                                                                                                       $     3,785        $     5,417
     Debt to EBITDA ratio                                                                                                    0.9                  1.1
     Net Debt to EBITDA ratio                                                                                                0.6                  1.0

     Note:
     (1) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to
         Note 32 to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.



     Reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA

     ($ in millions)                                                                                                      2018              2017(1)

     Profit attributable to shareholders                                                                            $     3,107        $     2,460
     Finance expense net of finance income                                                                                  219                   212
     Provision for income taxes                                                                                           1,365              1,425
     Depreciation and amortization                                                                                       1,483               1,492
     EBITDA                                                                                                         $     6,174        $     5,589
     Add (deduct):
      Debt repurchase losses                                                                                                 26                   216
      Debt prepayment option (gains) losses                                                                                  42                   (51)
      Asset sales                                                                                                          (885)                   (7)
      Foreign exchange (gains) losses                                                                                        (16)                  (5)
      Environmental provisions                                                                                                18                   81
      Asset impairments (reversals)                                                                                           41                 (163)
      Other                                                                                                                  (10)                   –

     Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                                $    5,390         $     5,660

     Note:
     (1) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to
         Note 32 to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.




62   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Reconciliation of Gross Profit (Loss) Before Depreciation and Amortization

($ in millions)                                                                                   2018              2017(2)             2016

Gross profit                                                                                $    4,621         $    4,567         $    2,396
Depreciation and amortization                                                                    1,483              1,492              1,385
Gross profit before depreciation and amortization                                           $    6,104         $    6,059         $     3,781


Reported as:
Steelmaking coal                                                                            $    3,770         $    3,732         $    2,007
Copper
 Highland Valley Copper                                                                            343                 213                268
 Antamina                                                                                          794                 670                409
 Quebrada Blanca                                                                                     26                 50                 24
 Carmen de Andacollo                                                                               193                 222                 86
 Other                                                                                                (1)                (1)                 1
                                                                                            $    1,355         $     1,154        $       788
Zinc
 Trail Operations                                                                                    91                209                241
 Red Dog                                                                                           990                 971                749
 Pend Oreille                                                                                        (5)                19                   –
 Other                                                                                                 9               (26)                 (6)
                                                                                            $    1,085         $     1,173        $       984

Energy (1)                                                                                  $     (106)        $          –       $          2

Gross profit before depreciation and amortization                                           $    6,104         $    6,059         $     3,781

Notes:
(1) Energy results for the year ended December 31, 2018 are included from June 1, 2018.
(2) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to Note 32
    to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.




                                                                                                      Management’s Discussion and Analysis          63
     Steelmaking Coal Unit Cost Reconciliation

     (CAD$ in millions, except where noted)                                                                             2018              2017(2)

     Cost of sales as reported                                                                                    $   3,309          $    3,000
     Less:
      Transportation                                                                                                    (975)              (892)
      Depreciation and amortization                                                                                     (730)               (718)
     Adjusted cash cost of sales                                                                                  $    1,604         $    1,390
     Tonnes sold (millions)                                                                                             26.0                26.5
     Per unit amounts — CAD$/tonne
      Adjusted cash cost of sales                                                                                 $       62         $           52
      Transportation                                                                                                      37                     34
     Cash unit costs — CAD$/tonne                                                                                 $       99         $           86


     US$ amounts (1)
     Average exchange rate (CAD$ per US$1.00)                                                                     $     1.30         $      1.30
     Per unit amounts — US$/tonne
      Adjusted cash cost of sales                                                                                 $       47         $           40
      Transportation                                                                                                      29                     26
     Cash unit costs — US$/tonne                                                                                  $       76         $           66

     Notes:
     (1) Average period exchange rates are used to convert to US$/tonne equivalent.
     (2) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to
         Note 32 to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.




64   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Copper Unit Cost Reconciliation

(CAD$ in millions, except where noted)                                                                             2018              2017(2)

Revenue as reported                                                                                          $    2,714         $    2,400
By-product revenue (A)                                                                                             (472)               (378)
Smelter processing charges (B)                                                                                      157                 180
Adjusted revenue                                                                                             $   2,399          $    2,202

Cost of sales as reported                                                                                    $    1,837         $     1,814
Less:
 Depreciation and amortization                                                                                     (478)              (568)
 Inventory (write-downs) provision reversal                                                                         (44)                    12
 Collective agreement charges                                                                                         (5)               (15)
 By-product cost of sales (C)                                                                                       (61)                (54)
Adjusted cash cost of sales (D)                                                                              $    1,249         $     1,189

Payable pounds sold (millions) (E)                                                                               622.9               604.4
Per unit amounts — CAD$/pound
 Adjusted cash cost of sales (D/E)                                                                           $     2.01         $      1.97
 Smelter processing charges (B/E)                                                                                  0.25                0.30
Total cash unit costs — CAD$/pound                                                                           $     2.26         $      2.27
Cash margin for by-products — ((A-C)/E)                                                                           (0.66)              (0.54)
Net cash unit cost — CAD$/pound                                                                              $     1.60         $      1.73

US$ amounts (1)
Average exchange rate (CAD$ per US$1.00)                                                                     $     1.30         $      1.30
Per unit amounts — US$/pound
 Adjusted cash cost of sales                                                                                 $     1.55         $      1.52
 Smelter processing charges                                                                                        0.19                0.23
Total cash unit costs — US$/pound                                                                            $     1.74         $      1.75
Cash margin for by-products                                                                                       (0.51)              (0.42)
Net cash unit costs — US$/pound                                                                              $     1.23         $      1.33

Notes:
(1) Average period exchange rates are used to convert to US$/pound equivalent.
(2) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to
    Note 32 to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.




                                                                                                    Management’s Discussion and Analysis         65
     Zinc Unit Cost Reconciliation (mining operations (1) )

     (CAD$ in millions, except where noted)                                                                             2018              2017(3)

     Revenue as reported                                                                                          $    3,094         $    3,496
     Less:
      Trail Operations revenues as reported                                                                           (1,942)            (2,266)
      Other revenues as reported                                                                                           (8)                   (8)
     Add back: Inter-segment revenues as reported                                                                        650                 635
                                                                                                                  $    1,794         $    1,857
     By-product revenues (A)                                                                                            (316)              (400)
     Smelter processing charges (B)                                                                                      255                 339
     Adjusted revenue                                                                                             $    1,733         $    1,796

     Cost of sales as reported                                                                                    $    2,225         $    2,529
     Less:
      Trail Operations cost of sales as reported                                                                       (1,926)            (2,135)
      Other costs of sales as reported                                                                                      1                (34)
     Add back: Inter-segment purchases as reported                                                                       650                 635
                                                                                                                         950                995
     Less:
      Depreciation and amortization                                                                                      (141)              (128)
      Royalty costs                                                                                                     (328)               (412)
      By-product cost of sales (C)                                                                                        (70)               (77)
     Adjusted cash cost of sales (D)                                                                              $      411         $       378
     Payable pounds sold (millions) (E)                                                                               1,035.5            1,060.9
     Per unit amounts — CAD$/pound
      Adjusted cash cost of sales (D/E)                                                                           $     0.40         $      0.35
      Smelter processing charges (B/E)                                                                                  0.25                0.32
     Total cash unit costs — CAD$/pound                                                                           $     0.65         $      0.67
     Cash margin for by-products ((A-C)/E)                                                                              (0.24)             (0.30)
     Net cash unit cost CAD$/pound                                                                                $      0.41        $      0.37

     US$ amounts (2)
     Average exchange rate (CAD$ per US$1.00)                                                                     $      1.30        $      1.30
     Per unit amounts — US$/pound
      Adjusted cash cost of sales                                                                                 $     0.30         $      0.27
      Smelter processing charges                                                                                         0.19               0.25
     Total cash unit costs — US$/pound                                                                            $     0.49         $      0.52
     Cash margin for by-products                                                                                        (0.18)             (0.24)
     Net cash unit cost US$/pound                                                                                 $      0.31        $      0.28

     Notes:
     (1) Red Dog and Pend Oreille.
     (2) Average period exchange rates are used to convert to US$/pound equivalent.
     (3) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to
         Note 32 to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.




66   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Energy Business Unit — Operating Netback, Bitumen and Blended Bitumen Price Realized Reconciliations (1)
(CAD$ in millions, except where noted)                                                                                                        2018

Revenue as reported                                                                                                                     $       407
Less:
 Cost of diluent for blending                                                                                                                  (181)
 Non-proprietary product revenue                                                                                                                (18)
Add back: Crown royalties (D)                                                                                                                     14
Adjusted revenue (A)                                                                                                                    $       222

Cost of sales as reported                                                                                                               $       572
Less:
 Depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                  (59)
 Inventory write-downs                                                                                                                          (34)

Cash cost of sales                                                                                                                      $       479
Less:
 Cost of diluent for blending                                                                                                                  (181)
 Cost of non-proprietary product purchased                                                                                                       (12)
 Transportation for non-proprietary product purchased                                                                                             (3)
 Transportation costs for FRB (C)                                                                                                               (60)
Adjusted operating costs (E)                                                                                                            $       223

Blended bitumen barrels sold (thousands)                                                                                                      8,746
Less diluent barrels included in blended bitumen (thousands)                                                                                (1,965)
Bitumen barrels sold (thousands) (B)                                                                                                          6,781

Per barrel amounts — CAD$
 Bitumen price realized (A/B) (2)                                                                                                       $    32.81
 Crown royalties (D/B)                                                                                                                        (2.04)
 Transportation costs for FRB (C/B)                                                                                                           (8.83)
 Adjusted operating costs (E/B)                                                                                                             (32.89)
Operating netback — CAD$ per barrel                                                                                                     $ (10.95)

Notes:
(1) Results for the year ended December 31, 2018 are effective from June 1, 2018.
(2) Bitumen price realized represents the realized petroleum revenue (blended bitumen sales revenue) net of diluent expense, expressed on a
    per barrel basis. Blended bitumen sales revenue represents revenue from our share of the heavy crude oil blend known as Fort Hills Reduced
    Carbon Life Cycle Dilbit Blend (FRB), sold at the Hardisty and U.S. Gulf Coast market hubs. FRB is comprised of bitumen produced from Fort
    Hills blended with purchased diluent. The cost of blending is affected by the amount of diluent required and the cost of purchasing, transporting
    and blending the diluent. A portion of diluent expense is effectively recovered in the sales price of the blended product. Diluent expense is
    also affected by Canadian and U.S. benchmark pricing and changes in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar.




                                                                                                          Management’s Discussion and Analysis          67
     Blended Bitumen Price Realized Reconciliation (2)

     (CAD$ in millions, except where noted)                                                                                                  2018

     Revenue as reported                                                                                                             $        407
     Less: non-proprietary product revenue                                                                                                     (18)
     Add back: Crown royalties                                                                                                                   14

     Blended bitumen revenue (A)                                                                                                     $        403
     Blended bitumen barrels sold (thousands) (B)                                                                                            8,746
     Blended bitumen price realized — (CAD$/barrel) (A/B) = D (1)                                                                    $       46.14
     Average exchange rate (CAD$ per US$1.00) (C)                                                                                             1.31
     Blended bitumen price realized — (US$/barrel) (D/C) (1)                                                                         $       35.12

     Notes:
     (1) Calculated per unit amounts may differ due to rounding.
     (2) Results for the year ended December 31, 2018 are effective from June 1, 2018.



     Quarterly Reconciliation

     ($ in millions)                                      2018                                                    2017(1)
                                         Q4            Q3             Q2            Q1            Q4             Q3            Q2              Q1

     Profit attributable to
      shareholders                 $    433      $ 1,281         $   634      $    759      $    740      $     584      $    580        $    556

     Finance expense,
      net of finance income              58             74            48             39            39             39           58                76

     Provision for
      income taxes                      261           329            368           407           407            347           334             337

     Depreciation
      and amortization                  400           380            353           350           377            400           369             346
     EBITDA                        $ 1,152       $ 2,064         $ 1,403      $ 1,555       $ 1,563       $ 1,370        $ 1,341         $ 1,315

     Note:
     (1) Certain 2017 comparative figures have been restated for new IFRS pronouncements. 2016 figures have not been restated. Please refer to
         Note 32 to our audited annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2018.




68   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Cautionary Statement on Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking information and forward-looking statements as defined in applicable securities laws
(collectively referred to as “forward-looking statements”). All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the
actual results, performance or achievements of Teck to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, estimates,
forecasts and statements as to management’s expectations with respect to, among other things, anticipated future production at
our business units, products and individual operations (including our long-term production guidance), cost and spending guidance
for our business units and individual operations, production and sales forecasts for our products and operations, our expectation that
we will meet our production guidance, sales volume and selling prices for our products (including settlement of coal contracts with
customers), forecast capital expenditures and capital spending, mine lives and the expected life of our various operations, including
our expectation that we will be able to extend the mine lives of Fording River, Elkview and Greenhills, our expectation we will be
able to increase production at our Elkview Operations beyond 2019, expected prices and demand for our products, expected receipt
of regulatory approvals and timing thereof, expected receipt of pre-feasibility studies, feasibility studies and other studies and the
timing thereof, plans and expectations for our development projects, including forecast operating costs and costs of product sold,
expected production, including our expectation that we will be able to increase production at our other coal operations to compensate
for the closure of Coal Mountain, expected progress, planned activities, costs and outcomes of our various projects and investments,
including, but not limited to, those described in the discussions of our operations, the effect of currency exchange rates and
commodity price changes, our strategies and objectives, discussions of our areas of focus for 2019, discussions of new or proposed
technology or innovations, our expectations for the general market for our commodities, future trends for the company, expectations
regarding the potential for the proposed MacKenzie Redcap development at Cardinal River to supply additional coal production or
extend production at Cardinal River and the costs and accounting adjustments associated therewith, the costs, steps and potential
impact of managing water quality at our coal operations, including but not limited to statements relating to our expectations
regarding timing and costs of active water treatment, capital spending guidance, the potential for saturated rock fills to reduce
capital and operating costs associated with active water treatment, the regulatory process relating to active water treatment and
estimates of our long-term costs of water management; our expectation that will be able to continue to capture latent production
capacity by hauling raw coal from Elkview to Coal Mountain for processing, expectation that Neptune Bulk Terminals will increase
our terminal loading capacity and our expectation that it will be completed in the first half of 2020, expectation that steelmaking coal
production from 2020 to 2022 will be higher than 2019, our expectations regarding the increase in the royalty paid by Poscan in
respect of our Greenhills property; anticipated benefits and timing of our ball mill project at Highland Valley Copper, the statement
that there is potential to extend cathode production at Carmen de Andacollo past 2019, expectations regarding the Quebrada Blanca
Phase 2 project, including expectations regarding capacity, mine life, reserve and resources, projected expenditures, timing of
contributions and project financing, expected spending and activities on our Project Satellite properties, the anticipated benefits of
the Red Dog mill upgrade project and the associated timing and cost, the timing of closing of the sale of a 30% interest in QBSA
and expectation that the transaction will close, benefits of the new acid plant at our Trail Operations and the timing thereof, our
expectation that unit operating costs at Fort Hills will continue to improve, our expectation regarding the potential to debottleneck
and expand production capacity at Fort Hills, our expectation relating to curtailment measures affecting Fort Hills, our expectations
regarding the adequacy of our logistic arrangements for delivering our products to our customers, timing expectations regarding the
Frontier project review and permitting process, the availability of our credit facilities, sources of liquidity and capital resources,
statements regarding the impact and sensitivity of our annual profit attributable to shareholders and EBITDA to changes in exchange
rates and commodity prices, our expectation that we will fund our commitments from cash on hand and our credit facilities,
expectations regarding our dividend policy, including that an annual base dividend will be declared and paid, impact of carbon pricing
policies and associated costs including our expectation that Canadian federal carbon tax policies will not apply to our operations,
projections and sensitivities under the heading “Commodity Prices and 2018 Production”, all guidance appearing in this document
appearing in this documentation including but not limited to the production, sales, unit cost and capital expenditure guidance under
the heading “Guidance,” including our estimate of reduction in current taxes, forecast and demand and market outlook for
commodities and our products. These forward-looking statements involve numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties and
actual results may vary materially.

These statements are based on a number of assumptions, including, but not limited to, assumptions regarding general business,
regulatory and economic conditions, the supply and demand for, deliveries of, and the level and volatility of prices of zinc, copper,
steelmaking coal and bitumen and other primary metals and minerals as well as oil, and related products, the timing of the receipt of
regulatory and governmental approvals for our development projects and other operations, our costs of production, and production
and productivity levels, as well as those of our competitors, power prices, continuing availability of water and power resources for
our operations, market competition, the accuracy of our reserve and resource estimates (including with respect to size, grade and
recoverability) and the geological, operational and price assumptions on which these are based, conditions in financial markets, the
future financial performance of the company, our ability to attract and retain skilled staff, our ability to procure equipment and
operating supplies, positive results from the studies on our expansion projects, our steelmaking coal and other product inventories,
our ability to secure adequate transportation, including rail, port and pipeline services, for our products and the costs associated
therewith, our ability to obtain permits for our operations and expansions, and our ongoing relations with our employees, business
partners and joint venturers. Assumptions regarding the Elk Valley Water Quality Plan include assumptions that additional treatment
will be effective at scale, and that the technology and facilities operate as expected, as well as additional assumptions discussed
under the heading “Steelmaking Coal — Elk Valley Water Management”. Expectations regarding Quebrada Blanca Phase 2 are




                                                                                                Management’s Discussion and Analysis       69
     based on current project assumptions and the final feasibility study. Assumptions regarding Fort Hills are based on assumptions
     regarding the performance of the plant and other facilities at Fort Hills, and the operation of the project. Expectations regarding the
     impact of foreign exchange and commodity prices are based on 2019 mid-range production estimates, current commodity prices
     and a Canadian/U.S. dollar exchange rate of $1.32. Statements regarding the availability of our credit facilities are based on
     assumptions that we will be able to satisfy the conditions for borrowing at the time of a borrowing request and that the credit
     facilities are not otherwise terminated or accelerated due to an event of default. Assumptions relating to our expectations for
     the closing of the QB2 transaction, include that all regulatory approvals will be obtained in a timely manner. The foregoing list
     of assumptions is not exhaustive. Events or circumstances could cause actual results to vary materially.

     Factors that may cause actual results to vary materially include, but are not limited to, changes in commodity and power prices,
     changes in market demand for our products, changes in interest and currency exchange rates, acts of foreign or domestic
     governments, the outcome of legal proceedings, inaccurate geological and metallurgical assumptions (including with respect to
     the size, grade and recoverability of mineral reserves and resources), unanticipated operational difficulties (including failure of plant,
     equipment or processes to operate in accordance with specifications or expectations, cost escalation, unavailability of materials and
     equipment, government action or delays in the receipt of government approvals, changes in tax or royalty rates, industrial
     disturbances or other job action, adverse weather conditions and unanticipated events related to health, safety and environmental
     matters), union labour disputes, political risk, social unrest, failure of customers or counterparties to perform their contractual
     obligations (including but not limited to port, rail, pipeline and other logistics providers), changes in our credit ratings, unanticipated
     increases in costs to construct our development projects, difficulty in obtaining permits, inability to address concerns regarding
     permits or environmental impact assessments, and changes or further deterioration in general economic conditions. The amount
     and timing of actual capital expenditures is dependent upon, among other matters, being able to secure permits, equipment,
     supplies, materials and labour on a timely basis and at expected costs to enable the related capital project to be completed as
     currently anticipated. Our Fort Hills project is not controlled by us and production schedules may be adjusted by our partners.
     Certain of our other operations and projects are operated through joint arrangements where we may not have control over all
     decisions, which may cause outcomes to differ from current expectations. Further factors associated with our Elk Valley Water
     Quality Plan are discussed under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis — Steelmaking Coal — Elk Valley Water
     Management”. Declaration and payment of dividends is in the discretion of the Board, and our dividend policy will be reviewed
     regularly and may change. Closing of the QB2 transaction depends on certain regulatory approvals; if all required approvals are not
     received in a timely manner, the timing and ability to close will be jeopardized.

     Statements concerning future production costs or volumes, mine lives of our operations and the sensitivity of the company’s profit
     to changes in commodity prices and exchange rates, are based on numerous assumptions of management regarding operating
     matters and on assumptions that demand for products develops as anticipated, that customers and other counterparties perform
     their contractual obligations, that operating and capital plans will not be disrupted by issues such as mechanical failure, unavailability
     of parts and supplies, labour disturbances, interruption in transportation or utilities, and adverse weather conditions, and that there
     are no material unanticipated variations in the cost of energy or supplies. Statements regarding anticipated steelmaking coal sales
     volumes and average steelmaking coal prices depend on timely arrival of vessels and performance of our steelmaking coal-loading
     facilities, as well as the level of spot pricing sales.

     We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required under securities laws. Further information
     concerning risks, assumptions and uncertainties associated with these forward-looking statements and our business can be found
     in our Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed under our profile on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) and on
     EDGAR (www.sec.gov) under cover of Form 40-F, as well as subsequent filings that can also be found under our profile.

     Scientific and technical information regarding our material mining projects in this annual report was approved by Mr. Rodrigo Alves
     Marinho, P.Geo., an employee of Teck. Mr. Marinho is a qualified person, as defined under National Instrument (NI) 43-101.

     Contingent Resource Disclosure

     The contingent bitumen resources at Frontier have been prepared by Sproule Associates Limited, a qualified resources evaluator,
     in accordance with the guidelines set out in the Canadian Oil and Gas Evaluation Handbook. The Sproule estimates of contingent
     resources have not been adjusted for risk based on the chance of development (85% chance of development risk). There is
     uncertainty that any of these resources will be commercially viable to produce any portion of the resources. Contingent bitumen
     resources are defined for this purpose as those quantities of petroleum estimated, as of a given date, to be potentially recoverable
     from known accumulations using established technology or technology under development, but which are not currently considered
     to be commercially recoverable due to one or more contingencies. The entire contingent bitumen resources for Frontier oil sands
     mine are sub-classified into the development pending project maturity sub-class as extensive pre-development work has been
     completed. Contingencies may include factors such as economic, legal, environmental, political and regulatory matters or a lack of
     markets. Contingent resources do not constitute, and should not be confused with, reserves. There is no certainty that the Frontier
     project will produce any portion of the volumes currently classified as contingent resources. The primary contingencies that
     currently prevent the classification of the contingent resources disclosed above for the Frontier project as reserves include project
     economics due to the uncertainty in oil price and uncertainty in exchange rate; uncertainties around receiving regulatory approval
     to develop the project; potential issues regarding social licence for oil sands mining generally and climate change policy costs. In
     addition, there would be a need for approval of a decision to proceed to construction of the project by Teck. The Frontier project is
     based on a development study. The recovery technology at Frontier is expected to be a paraffinic froth treatment process. The total
     cost required to achieve first commercial production has been estimated by the resources evaluator at $16.2 billion.




70   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Consolidated
Financial
Statements
For the Years Ended December 31, 2018 and 2017




                                                 Consolidated Financial Statements   71
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the Years Ended December 31, 2018 and 2017


     Management’s Responsibility for Financial Reporting
     Management is responsible for the integrity and fair presentation of the financial information contained in this annual
     report. Where appropriate, the financial information, including financial statements, reflects amounts based on the
     best estimates and judgments of management. The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
     International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Financial
     information presented elsewhere in the annual report is consistent with that disclosed in the financial statements.

     Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Any
     system of internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well-designed, has inherent limitations. Therefore,
     even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
     statement preparation and presentation. The system of controls is also supported by a professional staff of internal
     auditors who conduct periodic audits of many aspects of our operations and report their findings to management and
     the Audit Committee.

     Management has a process in place to evaluate internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria
     established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013 framework.

     The Board of Directors oversees management’s responsibility for financial reporting and internal control systems
     through an Audit Committee, which is composed entirely of independent directors. The Audit Committee meets
     periodically with management, our internal auditors and independent auditors to review the scope and results of the
     annual audit, and to review the financial statements and related financial reporting and internal control matters before
     the financial statements are approved by the Board of Directors and submitted to the shareholders.

     PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, appointed by the shareholders, have
     audited our financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
     (United States) and have expressed their opinion in the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.




     Donald R. Lindsay
     President and Chief Executive Officer




     Ronald A. Millos
     Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer
     February 12, 2019


72   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Teck Resources Limited

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Teck Resources Limited and its subsidiaries,
(together, the Company) as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and the related consolidated statements of income,
comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in equity for the years then ended, including the related notes
(collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2018 and 2017, and their financial performance and their cash
flows for the years then ended in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (IFRS). Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2018, based on criteria established
in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Change in Accounting Principles

As discussed in Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts
for revenue from contracts with customers and the manner in which it accounts for financial instruments in 2018.

Basis for Opinions

The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, included in Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, appearing in Management’s
Discussion and Analysis. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements
and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm
registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of
material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting
was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.




                                                                                           Consolidated Financial Statements   73
     Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

     A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
     the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
     generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
     and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
     transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
     recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
     principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
     of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
     detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on
     the financial statements.

     Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
     Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
     inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
     deteriorate.




     Chartered Professional Accountants
     Vancouver, Canada
     February 12, 2019

     We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1964.




74   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended December 31

                                                                                                                      2018                2017
(CAD$ in millions, except for share data)                                                                                             (restated)

Revenues (Note 6)                                                                                            $     12,564         $     11,910
Cost of sales                                                                                                       (7,943)             (7,343)

Gross profit                                                                                                         4,621               4,567
Other operating income (expenses)
 General and administration                                                                                           (142)                  (116)
 Exploration                                                                                                            (69)                  (58)
 Research and development                                                                                               (35)                  (55)
 Impairment reversal and (asset impairments) (Note 8)                                                                   (41)                 163
 Other operating income (expense) (Note 9)                                                                             450                   (230)

Profit from operations                                                                                               4,784               4,271
Finance income (Note 10)                                                                                                 33                    17
Finance expense (Note 10)                                                                                             (252)                  (229)
Non-operating income (expense) (Note 11)                                                                                (52)                 (151)
Share of income (loss) of associates and joint ventures (Note 15)                                                        (3)                    6

Profit before taxes                                                                                                  4,510               3,914
Provision for income taxes (Note 20)                                                                                (1,365)             (1,425)

Profit for the year                                                                                          $       3,145        $      2,489


Profit attributable to:
 Shareholders of the company                                                                                 $       3,107        $      2,460
 Non-controlling interests                                                                                               38                    29

Profit for the year                                                                                          $       3,145        $      2,489




Earnings per share (Note 23(f))
 Basic                                                                                                       $         5.41       $          4.26
 Diluted                                                                                                     $        5.34        $          4.19
Weighted average shares outstanding (millions)                                                                       573.9               577.5
Weighted average diluted shares outstanding (millions)                                                               582.1               586.4
Shares outstanding at end of year (millions)                                                                         570.7               573.3

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. Certain 2017 amounts have been restated for the adoption of new
accounting pronouncements (Note 32).




                                                                                                             Consolidated Financial Statements       75
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31

                                                                                                                            2018                2017
     (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                                                     (restated)

     Profit for the year                                                                                            $      3,145        $         2,489


     Other comprehensive income (loss) in the year
      Items that may be reclassified to profit
        Currency translation differences (net of taxes of $40 and $(46))                                                     393                  (203)
        Change in fair value of debt securities (2017 – change in fair value of
         available-for-sale financial instruments) (net of taxes of $nil and $2)                                                 –                  (10)
        Share of other comprehensive loss of
         associates and joint ventures (Note 15)                                                                                 –                   (1)

                                                                                                                             393                   (214)

      Items that will not be reclassified to profit
        Change in fair value of marketable equity securities
         (net of taxes of $1 and $nil)                                                                                          (9)                  –
        Remeasurements of retirement benefit plans (net of taxes of $(2) and $(55))                                              8                 129

                                                                                                                                (1)                129

     Total other comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                                                    392                    (85)

     Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                        $      3,537        $         2,404


     Total other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to:
      Shareholders of the company                                                                                   $        382        $           (77)
      Non-controlling interests                                                                                               10                     (8)

                                                                                                                    $        392        $           (85)


     Total comprehensive income attributable to:
      Shareholders of the company                                                                                   $      3,489        $         2,383
      Non-controlling interests                                                                                               48                     21

                                                                                                                    $      3,537        $         2,404

     The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. Certain 2017 amounts have been restated for the adoption of new
     accounting pronouncements (Note 32).




76   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31

                                                                                                                       2018                2017
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                                                                     (restated)

Operating activities
 Profit for the year                                                                                           $      3,145        $         2,489
 Depreciation and amortization                                                                                        1,483                  1,492
 Provision for income taxes                                                                                           1,365                  1,425
 Asset impairments (impairment reversal)                                                                                 41                   (163)
 Gain on sale of investments and assets                                                                                (892)                    (51)
 Foreign exchange gains                                                                                                 (16)                     (5)
 Loss on debt repurchase                                                                                                 26                    216
 Loss (gain) on debt prepayment options                                                                                  42                     (51)
 Net finance expense                                                                                                    219                    212
 Income taxes paid                                                                                                     (780)                  (879)
 Other                                                                                                                 (166)                   195
 Net change in non-cash working capital items                                                                           (29)                   169

                                                                                                                      4,438                  5,049
Investing activities
  Expenditures on property, plant and equipment                                                                      (1,906)                 (1,621)
  Capitalized production stripping costs                                                                               (707)                   (678)
  Expenditures on investments and other assets                                                                         (284)                   (309)
  Proceeds from investments and assets                                                                                1,292                     126

                                                                                                                     (1,605)                 (2,482)
Financing activities
 Repurchase and repayment of debt                                                                                    (1,410)                 (1,929)
 Debt interest and finance charges paid                                                                                (407)                   (495)
 Issuance of Class B subordinate voting shares                                                                           54                       26
 Purchase and cancellation of Class B subordinate voting shares                                                        (189)                    (175)
 Dividends paid                                                                                                        (172)                   (344)
 Distributions to non-controlling interests                                                                             (40)                     (56)

                                                                                                                     (2,164)                 (2,973)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                             113                    (49)

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                         782                  (455)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                                          952                  1,407

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                                       $      1,734        $           952

Supplemental cash flow information (Note 12)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. Certain 2017 amounts have been restated for the adoption of new
accounting pronouncements (Note 32).




                                                                                                              Consolidated Financial Statements         77
     Consolidated Balance Sheets

                                                                                            December 31,         December 31,               January 1,
                                                                                                  2018                   2017                    2017
     (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                             (restated)               (restated)

     Assets
     Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents (Note 12)                                                      $      1,734         $        952        $         1,407
      Current income taxes receivable                                                                    78                   48                     97
      Trade and settlement receivables                                                                1,180                1,419                  1,413
      Inventories (Note 13)                                                                           2,065                1,669                  1,673
      Prepaids and other current assets                                                                 260                  310                    172
      Assets held for sale (Note 5(b))                                                                    –                  350                      –

                                                                                                       5,317               4,748                  4,762
     Financial and other assets (Note 14)                                                               907               1,051                 1,034
     Investments in associates and joint ventures (Note 15)                                           1,071                 943                 1,012
     Property, plant and equipment (Note 8 and Note 16)                                              31,050              29,045                27,595
     Deferred income tax assets (Note 20)                                                               160                 154                    112
     Goodwill (Note 8 and Note 17)                                                                    1,121               1,087                  1,114

                                                                                               $     39,626         $     37,028        $      35,629

     Liabilities and Equity
     Current liabilities
      Trade accounts payable and other liabilities (Note 18)                                   $      2,333         $      2,290        $         1,870
      Current income taxes payable                                                                      151                  268                    199
      Debt (Note 19)                                                                                     32                   55                     99

                                                                                                       2,516               2,613                  2,168
     Debt (Note 19)                                                                                    5,487               6,314                  8,244
     Deferred income tax liabilities (Note 20)                                                         6,331               5,579                  5,086
     Retirement benefit liabilities (Note 21)                                                            482                 552                    643
     Provisions and other liabilities (Note 22)                                                        1,792               1,977                  1,322

                                                                                                     16,608               17,035               17,463
     Equity
      Attributable to shareholders of the company                                                    22,884               19,851               18,007
      Attributable to non-controlling interests (Note 24)                                               134                  142                  159

                                                                                                     23,018               19,993               18,166

                                                                                               $     39,626         $     37,028        $      35,629

     Contingencies (Note 25)
     Commitments (Note 26)

     The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. Certain 2017 amounts have been restated for the adoption of new
     accounting pronouncements (Note 32).

     Approved on behalf of the Board of Directors




     Tracey L. McVicar                                                           Una M. Power
     Chair of the Audit Committee                                                Director


78   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity Years ended December 31

                                                                                                                       2018                2017
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                                                                     (restated)

Class A common shares (Note 23)
Beginning of year                                                                                              $            6      $             7
 Class A shares conversion (Note 23(b))                                                                                     –                   (1)

End of year                                                                                                                 6                    6
Class B subordinate voting shares (Note 23)
Beginning of year                                                                                                     6,603                  6,637
 Share repurchases (Note 23(h))                                                                                         (77)                   (69)
 Issued on exercise of options (Note 23(c))                                                                              69                     34
 Class A shares conversion (Note 23(b))                                                                                   –                      1

End of year                                                                                                           6,595                  6,603
Retained earnings
Beginning of year                                                                                                    12,796              10,720
 IFRS 9 transition adjustment on January 1, 2018 (Note 32(c))                                                            34                   –
 Profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the company                                                      3,107               2,460
 Dividends paid (Note 23(g))                                                                                           (172)               (344)
 Share repurchases (Note 23(h))                                                                                        (119)               (106)
 Purchase of non-controlling interests (Note 5(a))                                                                     (159)                (63)
 Remeasurements of retirement benefit plans                                                                               8                 129

End of year                                                                                                         15,495               12,796
Contributed surplus
Beginning of year                                                                                                        202                  193
 Share option compensation expense (Note 23(c))                                                                           17                   17
 Transfer to Class B subordinate voting shares on exercise of options                                                    (15)                  (8)

End of year                                                                                                             204                   202
Accumulated other comprehensive income attributable
 to shareholders of the company (Note 23(e))
Beginning of year                                                                                                       244                    450
 IFRS 9 transition adjustment on January 1, 2018 (Note 32(c))                                                           (34)                     –
 Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                      382                    (77)
 Less remeasurements of retirement benefit plans recorded in retained earnings                                           (8)                  (129)

End of year                                                                                                             584                   244
Non-controlling interests (Note 24)
Beginning of year                                                                                                        142                  159
 Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests                                                            38                   29
 Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests                                              10                   (8)
 Purchase of non-controlling interests (Note 5(a))                                                                       (16)                   –
 Acquisition of AQM Copper Inc.                                                                                            –                   18
 Dividends or distributions                                                                                              (40)                 (56)

End of year                                                                                                              134                  142

Total equity                                                                                                   $     23,018        $     19,993

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. Certain 2017 amounts have been restated for the adoption of new
accounting pronouncements (Note 32).




                                                                                                              Consolidated Financial Statements       79
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

     1. Nature of Operations
     Teck Resources Limited and its subsidiaries (Teck, we, us or our) are engaged in mining and related activities including
     research, exploration and development, processing, smelting, refining and reclamation. Our major products are
     steelmaking coal, copper, zinc and blended bitumen. We also produce precious metals, molybdenum, fertilizers and
     other metals. Metal products are sold as refined metals or concentrates.

     Teck Resources Limited is a Canadian corporation and our registered office is at 550 Burrard Street, Vancouver,
     British Columbia, Canada, V6C 0B3.


     2. Basis of Preparation and New IFRS Pronouncements

     a) Basis of Preparation

     These annual consolidated financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with International
     Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and were
     approved by the Board of Directors on February 12, 2019.

     We adopted IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (IFRS 15) and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9),
     which became effective January 1, 2018. Effective October 1, 2018, we also adopted the hedging requirements
     section of IFRS 9. Note 32 discloses the effects of the adoption of these new IFRS pronouncements for all periods
     presented, including the nature and effect of changes in accounting policies.

     b) New IFRS Pronouncements

     New IFRS pronouncements that have been issued but are not yet effective at the date of these financial statements are
     listed below. We plan to apply the new standards or interpretations in the annual period for which they are first required.

     Leases

     The IASB issued IFRS 16, Leases (IFRS 16), which eliminates the classification of leases as either operating or
     finance leases for a lessee. IFRS 16 is effective from January 1, 2019. Under IFRS 16, all leases will be recorded on
     the balance sheet for the lessee. The only exemptions to this will be for leases that are 12 months or less in duration
     or for leases of low-value assets. The requirement to record all leases on the balance sheet under IFRS 16 will
     increase “right-of-use” assets and lease liabilities on an entity’s financial statements. IFRS 16 will also change the
     nature of expenses relating to leases, as the straight-line lease expense previously recognized for operating leases
     will be replaced with depreciation expense for right-of-use assets and finance expense for lease liabilities. IFRS 16
     includes an overall disclosure objective and requires a company to disclose (a) information about right-of-use assets
     and expenses and cash flows related to leases, (b) a maturity analysis of lease liabilities, and (c) any additional
     company-specific information that is relevant to satisfying the disclosure objective.

     As at December 31, 2018, our review and assessment of IFRS 16 and the effect on our financial statements is nearing
     completion. Our work around identification of leases is substantially complete and we are currently finalizing our
     calculation and review of the lease balances under the requirements of IFRS 16. We are also reviewing our processes
     and internal controls to ensure leases are properly identified and accounted for going forward. We will apply IFRS 16
     as at January 1, 2019 using a cumulative catch-up approach where we will record leases prospectively from that date
     forward and will not restate comparative information. We will record right-of-use assets based on the lease liabilities
     determined as at January 1, 2019 and as a result, will not have a retained earnings adjustment on transition.

     Conceptual Framework

     In March 2018, the IASB issued a comprehensive set of concepts for financial reporting, the revised Conceptual
     Framework for Financial Reporting (revised Conceptual Framework), replacing the previous version of the Conceptual
     Framework issued in 2010. The purpose of the revised Conceptual Framework is to assist preparers of financial
     reports to develop consistent accounting policies for transactions or other events when no IFRS applies or IFRS allows
     a choice of accounting policies and to assist all parties to understand and interpret IFRS.

80   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
The revised Conceptual Framework sets out the objective of general purpose financial reporting; the qualitative
characteristics of useful financial information; a description of the reporting entity and its boundary; definitions of an
asset, a liability, equity, income and expenses and guidance on when to derecognize them; measurement bases and
guidance on when to use them; concepts and guidance on presentation and disclosure; and concepts relating to capital
and capital maintenance. The revised Conceptual Framework provides concepts and guidance that underpin the
decisions the IASB makes when developing standards but is not in itself an IFRS standard and does not override any
IFRS standard or any requirement of an IFRS standard. The revised Conceptual Framework is applicable to annual
periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020 for preparers who develop an accounting policy based on the Conceptual
Framework. We are currently assessing the effect of the revised Conceptual Framework on our financial statements.


3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
The significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out
below. These policies have been consistently applied to all periods presented, unless otherwise stated.

Basis of Presentation

Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Teck Resources Limited and all of its subsidiaries.
Our significant operating subsidiaries include Teck Metals Ltd. (TML), Teck Alaska Incorporated (TAK), Teck Highland
Valley Copper Partnership (Highland Valley Copper), Teck Coal Partnership (Teck Coal), Teck Washington Incorporated
(TWI), Compañía Minera Teck Quebrada Blanca S.A. (QBSA or Quebrada Blanca) and Compañía Minera Teck Carmen
de Andacollo (Carmen de Andacollo).

All subsidiaries are entities that we control, either directly or indirectly. Control is defined as the exposure, or rights,
to variable returns from involvement with an investee and the ability to affect those returns through power over
the investee. Power over an investee exists when our existing rights give us the ability to direct the activities that
significantly affect the investee’s returns. This control is generally evidenced through owning more than 50% of the
voting rights or currently exercisable potential voting rights of a company’s share capital. All of our intra-group balances
and transactions, including unrealized profits and losses arising from intra-group transactions, have been eliminated
in full. For subsidiaries that we control but do not own 100% of, the net assets and net profit attributable to outside
shareholders are presented as amounts attributable to non-controlling interests in the consolidated balance sheet and
consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.

Certain of our business activities are conducted through joint arrangements. Our interests in joint operations include
Galore Creek Partnership (Galore Creek, 50% share) and Fort Hills Energy L.P. (Fort Hills, 21.3% share), which operate
in Canada, and Compañia Minera Antamina S.A. (Antamina, 22.5% share), which operates in Peru. We account for
our interests in these joint operations by recording our share of the respective assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses
and cash flows. We also have an interest in a joint venture, NuevaUnión SPA (NuevaUnión, 50% share), in Chile that
we account for using the equity method (Note 15).

During the year ended December 31, 2018, our share of the Fort Hills oil sands mine increased from 20.89% to
21.3% on resolution of a commercial dispute between the Fort Hills partners. We funded an increased share of the
project capital in the amount of $58 million, as consideration for the additional interest in the project.

All dollar amounts are presented in Canadian dollars unless otherwise specified.

Interests in Joint Arrangements

A joint arrangement can take the form of a joint venture or joint operation. All joint arrangements involve a contractual
arrangement that establishes joint control, which exists only when decisions about the activities that significantly
affect the returns of the investee require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. A joint operation is a
joint arrangement in which we have rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities relating to the arrangement.
A joint venture is a joint arrangement in which we have rights to only the net assets of the arrangement.

Joint ventures are accounted for in accordance with the policy “Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures”.
Joint operations are accounted for by recognizing our share of the assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and cash
flows of the joint operation in our consolidated financial statements.



                                                                                            Consolidated Financial Statements   81
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

     3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
     Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures

     Investments over which we exercise significant influence but do not control or jointly control are associates.
     Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method, except when classified as held for sale.
     Investments in joint ventures as determined in accordance with the policy “Interests in Joint Arrangements”
     are also accounted for using the equity method.

     The equity method involves recording the initial investment at cost and subsequently adjusting the carrying value of
     the investment for our proportionate share of the profit or loss, other comprehensive income or loss and any other
     changes in the associate’s or joint venture’s net assets, such as further investments or dividends.

     Our proportionate share of the associate’s or joint venture’s profit or loss and other comprehensive income or loss
     is based on its most recent financial statements. Adjustments are made to align any inconsistencies between our
     accounting policies and our associate’s or joint venture’s policies before applying the equity method. Adjustments are
     also made to account for depreciable assets based on their fair values at the acquisition date of the investment and
     for any impairment losses recognized by the associate or joint venture.

     If our share of the associate’s or joint venture’s losses were equal to or exceeded our investment in the associate or
     joint venture, recognition of further losses would be discontinued. After our interest is reduced to zero, additional
     losses would be provided for and a liability recognized only to the extent that we have incurred legal or constructive
     obligations to provide additional funding or make payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture. If the associate
     or joint venture subsequently reports profits, we resume recognizing our share of those profits only when we have a
     positive interest in the entity.

     At each balance sheet date, we consider whether there is objective evidence of impairment in associates and joint
     ventures. If there is such evidence, we determine the amount of impairment to record, if any, in relation to the
     associate or joint venture.

     Foreign Currency Translation

     The functional currency of each of our subsidiaries and our joint operations, joint ventures and associates is the
     currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates. Transactions in foreign currencies are
     translated to the functional currency of the entity at the exchange rate in existence at the date of the transaction.
     Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date are retranslated at the
     period end date exchange rates.

     The functional currency of Teck Resources Limited, the parent entity, is the Canadian dollar, which is also the
     presentation currency of our consolidated financial statements.

     Foreign operations are translated from their functional currencies, generally the U.S. dollar, into Canadian dollars on
     consolidation. Items in the statements of income and other comprehensive income are translated using weighted average
     exchange rates that reasonably approximate the exchange rate at the transaction date. Items on the balance sheet are
     translated at the closing spot exchange rate. Exchange differences on the translation of the net assets of entities with
     functional currencies other than the Canadian dollar, and any offsetting exchange differences on net debt used to
     hedge those assets, are recognized in a separate component of equity through other comprehensive income (loss).

     Exchange differences that arise relating to long-term intra-group balances that form part of the net investment in a
     foreign operation are also recognized in this separate component of equity through other comprehensive income (loss).

     On disposition or partial disposition of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of related exchange differences
     recorded in a separate component of equity is recognized in the statement of income.




82   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Revenue

Our revenue consists of sales of steelmaking coal, copper, zinc and lead concentrates, refined zinc, lead and silver,
and blended bitumen. We also sell other by-products, including molybdenum concentrates, various refined specialty
metals, chemicals and fertilizers. Our performance obligations relate primarily to the delivery of these products to
our customers, with each separate shipment representing a separate performance obligation.

Revenue, including revenue from the sale of by-products, is recognized at the point in time when the customer obtains
control of the product. Control is achieved when a product is delivered to the customer, we have a present right to
payment for the product, significant risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the customer according to
contract terms and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the product.

Steelmaking coal

For steelmaking coal, control of the product generally transfers to the customer when an individual shipment parcel is
loaded onto a carrier accepted or directly contracted by the customer. For a majority of steelmaking coal sales we are
not responsible for the provision of shipping or product insurance after the transfer of control. For certain sales we
arrange shipping on behalf of our customers and are agent to these shipping transactions.

Steelmaking coal is sold under spot or average pricing contracts. For spot price contracts, pricing is final when revenue
is recognized. For average pricing contracts, the final pricing is determined based on quoted steelmaking coal price
assessments over a specific period. Control of the goods may transfer and revenue may be recognized before, during
or subsequent to the period in which final average pricing is determined. For all steelmaking coal sales under average
pricing contracts where pricing is not finalized when revenue is recognized, revenue is recorded based on estimated
consideration to be received at the date of sale with reference to steelmaking coal price assessments. For average
pricing contracts, adjustments are made to settlement receivables in subsequent periods based on published price
assessments up to the date of final pricing. This adjustment mechanism is based on the market price of the commodity
and accordingly, the changes in value of the settlement receivables are not considered to be revenue from contracts
with customers. The changes in fair value of settlement receivables are recorded in other operating income (expense).

Steelmaking coal sales are billed based on final quality measures upon the passage of control to the customer. If pricing
is not finalized when control of the product is transferred, a subsequent invoice is issued when pricing is finalized.
The payment terms generally require prompt collection from customers; however, payment terms are customer specific
and subject to change based on market conditions and other factors. We generally retain title to these products until we
receive the first contracted payment, which is typically received shortly after loading, solely to manage the credit risk
of the amounts due to us. This retention of title does not preclude the customer from obtaining control of the product.

Base metal concentrates

For copper, lead and zinc concentrates, control of the product generally transfers to the customer when an
individual shipment parcel is loaded onto a carrier accepted by the customer. We sell a majority of our concentrates
on commercial terms where we are responsible for providing freight services after the date at which control of the
product passes to the customer. We are the principal to this freight performance obligation. A minority of zinc and lead
concentrate sales are made on consignment. For consignment transactions, control of the product transfers to the
customer and revenue is recognized at the time the product is consumed in the customers’ process.

The majority of our metal concentrates are sold under pricing arrangements where final prices are determined by
quoted market prices in a period subsequent to the date of sale. For these sales, revenue is recorded based on the
estimated consideration to be received at the date of sale with reference to relevant commodity market prices.
Adjustments are made to settlement receivables in subsequent periods based on movements in quoted commodity
prices up to the date of final pricing. This adjustment mechanism is based on the market price of the commodity and
accordingly, the changes in value of the settlement receivables are not considered to be revenue from contracts with
customers. The changes in fair value of settlement receivables are recorded in other operating income (expense).




                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements   83
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

     3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
     Metal concentrate sales are billed based on provisional weights and assays upon the passage of control to the
     customer. The first provisional invoice is billed to the customer at the time of transfer of control. As final prices, weights
     and assays are received, additional invoices are issued and collected. In general, consideration is promptly collected
     from customers; however, the payment terms are customer specific and subject to change based on market conditions
     and other factors. We generally retain title to these products until we receive the first contracted payment, which is
     typically received shortly after loading, solely to manage the credit risk of the amounts due to us. This retention of title
     does not preclude the customer from obtaining control of the product.

     Refined metals

     For sales of refined metals, chemicals and fertilizers, control of the product transfers to the customer when the
     product is loaded onto a carrier specified by the customer. For these products, loading generally coincides with the
     transfer of title.

     Our refined metals, chemicals and fertilizers are sold under spot or average pricing contracts. For spot sales contracts,
     pricing is final when revenue is recognized. For refined metal sales contracts where pricing is not finalized when
     revenue is recognized, revenue is recorded based on the estimated consideration to be received at the date of sale
     with reference to commodity market prices. Adjustments are made to settlement receivables in subsequent periods
     based on movements in quoted commodity prices up to the date of final pricing. This adjustment mechanism is based
     on the market price of the commodity and accordingly, the changes in value of the settlement receivables are not
     considered to be revenue from contracts with customers. The changes in fair value of settlement receivables are
     recorded in other operating income (expense).

     We sell a portion of our refined metals on commercial terms where we are responsible for providing freight
     services after the date at which control of the product passes to the customer. We are the principal to this freight
     performance obligation.

     Refined metal sales are billed based on final specification measures upon the passage of control to the customer. If
     pricing is not finalized when control of the product is transferred, a subsequent invoice is issued when pricing is finalized.

     In general, consideration is promptly collected from customers; however, the payment terms are customer specific
     and subject to change based on market conditions and other factors.

     Blended bitumen

     For blended bitumen, control of the product generally transfers to the customer when the product passes the delivery
     point as specified in the contract, which normally coincides with title and risk transfer to the customer. The majority of
     our blended bitumen is sold under pricing arrangements where final prices are determined based on commodity price
     indices that are finalized at or near the date of sale. Payments for blended bitumen sales are usually due and settled
     within 30 days. Our revenue for blended bitumen is net of royalty payments to governments.

     Financial Instruments

     The following financial instruments accounting policies have been applied as at January 1, 2018 on adoption of IFRS 9
     and for the year ended December 31, 2018. For the year ended December 31, 2017, we applied financial instruments
     policies aligned with IAS 39, Financial Instruments Recognition and Measurement (IAS 39). Note 32 outlines the policy
     changes required to our IAS 39 polices to meet the IFRS 9 requirements, effective January 1, 2018.

     We recognize financial assets and liabilities on the balance sheet when we become a party to the contractual
     provisions of the instrument.




84   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash on account, demand deposits and money market investments with maturities
from the date of acquisition of three months or less, which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and are
subject to insignificant changes in value. Cash is classified as a financial asset that is subsequently measured at
amortized cost. Cash equivalents are classified as subsequently measured at amortized cost, except for money market
investments, which are classified as subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss.

Trade receivables

Trade receivables relate to amounts received from sales under our spot pricing contracts for steelmaking coal, refined
metals, blended bitumen, chemicals and fertilizers. These receivables are non-interest bearing and are recognized
at face amount, except when fair value is materially different, and are subsequently measured at amortized cost.
Trade receivables recorded are net of lifetime expected credit losses.

Settlement receivables

Settlement receivables arise from average pricing steelmaking coal contracts and base metal concentrate sales
contracts where amounts receivable vary based on steelmaking coal price assessments or underlying commodity
prices. Settlement receivables are classified as fair value through profit or loss and are recorded at fair value at each
reporting period based on published price assessments or quoted commodity prices up to the date of final pricing.
The changes in fair value are recorded in other operating income (expense).

Investments in marketable equity securities

Investments in marketable equity securities are classified, at our election, as subsequently measured at fair value
through other comprehensive income. For new investments in marketable equity securities, we can elect the same
classification as subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, or we can elect to classify
an investment as at fair value through profit or loss. This election can be made on an investment-by-investment basis
and is irrevocable. Investment transactions are recognized on the trade date with transaction costs included in the
underlying balance. Fair values are determined by reference to quoted market prices at the balance sheet date.

When investments in marketable equity securities are disposed of, the cumulative gains and losses recognized in
other comprehensive income (loss) are not recycled to profit and remain within equity. Dividends are recognized in
profit and these investments are not assessed for impairment.

Investments in debt securities

Investments in debt securities are classified as subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive
income and recorded at fair value. Investment transactions are recognized on the trade date with transaction costs
included in the underlying balance. Fair values are determined by reference to quoted market prices at the balance
sheet date.

Unrealized gains and losses on debt securities are recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) until investments
are disposed of and the cumulative gains and losses recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) are reclassified
from equity to profit at that time. Loss allowances and interest income are recognized in profit.

Trade payables

Trade payables are non-interest bearing if paid when due and are recognized at face amount, except when fair value
is materially different. Trade payables are subsequently measured at amortized cost.

Debt

Debt is initially recorded at fair value, less transaction costs. Debt is subsequently measured at amortized cost,
calculated using the effective interest rate method.




                                                                                            Consolidated Financial Statements   85
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

     3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
     Derivative instruments

     Derivative instruments, including embedded derivatives in executory contracts or financial liability contracts, are
     classified as at fair value through profit or loss and, accordingly, are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value.
     Unrealized gains and losses on derivatives not designated in a hedging relationship are recorded as part of other
     operating income (expense) or non-operating income (expense) in profit depending on the nature of the derivative.
     Fair values for derivative instruments are determined using inputs based on market conditions existing at the balance
     sheet date or settlement date of the derivative. Derivatives embedded in non-derivative contracts are recognized
     separately unless they are closely related to the host contract.

     Expected credit losses

     For trade receivables, we apply the simplified approach to determining expected credit losses, which requires
     expected lifetime losses to be recognized upon initial recognition of the receivables.

     Loss allowances on investments in debt securities are initially assessed based on the expected 12-month credit
     losses. At each reporting date, we assess whether the credit risk for our debt securities has increased significantly
     since initial recognition. If the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the loss allowance is
     adjusted to be based on the lifetime expected credit losses.

     Hedging

     Certain derivative investments may qualify for hedge accounting. At inception of hedge relationships, we document
     the economic relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items and our risk management objective and
     strategy for undertaking the hedge transactions.

     For fair value hedges, any gains or losses on both the hedged item and the hedging instrument are recognized in the
     same line item in profit.

     For cash flow hedges, any unrealized gains and losses on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of
     the hedge are initially recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). Gains and losses are recognized in profit upon
     settlement of the hedging instrument, when the hedged item ceases to exist, or when the hedge is determined to
     be ineffective.

     For hedges of net investments in foreign operations, any foreign exchange gains or losses on the hedging instrument
     relating to the effective portion of the hedge are initially recorded in other comprehensive income (loss). Gains and
     losses are recognized in profit on the ineffective portion of the hedge, or when there is a disposition or partial
     disposition of a foreign operation being hedged.

     Inventories

     Finished products, work in process, raw materials and supplies inventories are valued at the lower of weighted average
     cost and net realizable value. Raw materials include concentrates for use at smelting and refining operations. Work in
     process inventory includes inventory in the milling, smelting or refining process and stockpiled ore at mining operations.
     For our oil sands mine, raw materials consist of diluent used in blending, work in process inventory consists of raw
     bitumen and finished products consist of blended bitumen.

     For work in process and finished product inventories, cost includes all direct costs incurred in production, including
     direct labour and materials, freight, depreciation and amortization, and directly attributable overhead costs. Production
     stripping costs that are not capitalized are included in the cost of inventories as incurred. Depreciation and amortization
     of capitalized production stripping costs are included in the cost of inventory.




86   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
When inventories have been written down to net realizable value, we make a new assessment of net realizable value
in each subsequent period. If the circumstances that caused the write-down no longer exist, the remaining amount
of the write-down on inventory not yet sold is reversed.

We use both joint-product and by-product costing for work in process and finished product inventories. Joint-product
costing is applied to primary products where the profitability of the operations is dependent upon the production of
these products. Joint-product costing allocates total production costs based on the relative values of the products.
By-product costing is used for products that are not the primary products produced by the operation. The by-products
are allocated only the incremental costs of processes that are specific to the production of that product.

Supplies inventory is valued at the lower of weighted average cost and net realizable value. Cost includes acquisition,
freight and other directly attributable costs.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Land, buildings, plant and equipment

Land is recorded at cost and buildings, plant and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation and
impairment losses. Cost includes the purchase price and the directly attributable costs to bring the assets to the
location and condition necessary for them to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.

Depreciation of mobile equipment, buildings used for production, and plant and processing equipment at our mining
operations are calculated on a units-of-production basis. Depreciation of buildings not used for production, and of plant
and equipment at our smelting operations is calculated on a straight-line basis over the assets’ estimated useful lives.
Where components of an asset have different useful lives, depreciation is calculated on each component separately.
Depreciation commences when an asset is ready for its intended use. Estimates of remaining useful lives and residual
values are reviewed annually. Changes in estimates are accounted for prospectively.

The expected useful lives are as follows:
•   Buildings and equipment (not used for production)           2–50 years
•   Plant and equipment (smelting operations)                   3–30 years

Mineral properties and mine development costs

The cost of acquiring and developing mineral properties or property rights, including pre-production waste rock stripping
costs related to mine development and costs incurred during production to increase future output, are capitalized.

Waste rock stripping costs incurred in the production phase of a surface mine are recorded as capitalized production
stripping costs within property, plant and equipment when it is probable that the stripping activity will improve access
to the orebody, when the component of the orebody or pit to which access has been improved can be identified, and
when the costs relating to the stripping activity can be measured reliably. When the actual waste-to-ore stripping ratio
in a period is greater than the expected life-of-component waste-to-ore stripping ratio for that component, the excess
is recorded as capitalized production stripping costs.

Once available for use, mineral properties and mine development costs are depreciated on a units-of-production basis
over the proven and probable reserves to which they relate. Since the stripping activity within a component of a mine
improves access to the reserves of the same component, capitalized production stripping costs incurred during the
production phase of a mine are depreciated on a units-of-production basis over the proven and probable reserves
expected to be mined from the same component.

Underground mine development costs are depreciated using the block depreciation method, where development
costs associated with each distinct section of the mine are depreciated over the reserves to which they relate.




                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements   87
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

     3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
     Exploration and evaluation costs

     Property acquisition costs are capitalized. Other exploration and evaluation costs are capitalized if they relate to specific
     properties for which resources, as defined under National Instrument 43-101, Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects,
     exist or are near a specific property with a defined resource, and it is expected that the expenditure can be recovered
     by future exploitation or sale. All other costs are charged to profit in the year in which they are incurred. Capitalized
     exploration and evaluation costs are considered to be tangible assets. These assets are not depreciated as they are
     not currently available for use. When proven and probable reserves are determined and development is approved,
     capitalized exploration and evaluation costs are reclassified to mineral properties within property, plant and equipment.

     Costs of oil sands properties

     The costs of acquiring, exploring, evaluating and developing oil sands properties are capitalized when it is expected
     that these costs will be recovered through future exploitation or sale of the property. Capitalized development costs of
     oil sands properties are tangible assets. These assets are not depreciated as they are not currently available for use.
     When proven and probable reserves are determined and development is approved, capitalized development costs for
     oil sands properties are reclassified to mineral properties within property, plant and equipment.

     Construction in progress

     Assets in the course of construction are capitalized as construction in progress. On completion, the cost of construction
     is transferred to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment, and depreciation commences when the
     asset is available for its intended use.

     Impairment of non-current assets

     The carrying amounts of assets included in property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever
     facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts are less than the recoverable amounts. If there are
     indicators of impairment, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of any
     impairment. Where the asset does not generate cash flows that are independent from other assets, the recoverable
     amount of the cash-generating unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs is determined. The recoverable amount of an
     asset or CGU is determined as the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. An impairment
     loss exists if the asset’s or CGU’s carrying amount exceeds the estimated recoverable amount, and is recorded as
     an expense immediately.

     Fair value is the price that would be received from selling an asset in an orderly transaction between market
     participants at the measurement date. Costs of disposal are incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal of
     an asset. For mining assets, when a binding sale agreement is not readily available, fair value less costs of disposal
     is usually estimated using a discounted cash flow approach, unless comparable market transactions on which to
     estimate fair value are available. Estimated future cash flows are calculated using estimated future commodity prices,
     reserves and resources, and operating and capital costs. All inputs used are those that an independent market
     participant would consider appropriate. Value in use is determined as the present value of the future cash flows
     expected to be derived from continuing use of an asset or CGU in its present form. These estimated future cash flows
     are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the
     time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU for which estimates of future cash flows have not been
     adjusted. A value in use calculation uses a pre-tax discount rate and a fair value less costs of disposal calculation uses
     a post-tax discount rate.

     Indicators of impairment for exploration and evaluation assets are assessed on a project-by-project basis or as part
     of the existing operation to which they relate.

     Tangible assets that have been impaired in prior periods are tested for possible reversal of impairment whenever
     events or significant changes in circumstances indicate that the impairment may have reversed. Indicators of a



88   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
potential reversal of an impairment loss mainly mirror the indicators present when the impairment was originally
recorded. If the impairment has reversed, the carrying amount of the asset is increased to its recoverable amount,
but not beyond the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss
been recognized for the asset in prior periods. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized into profit immediately.

Repairs and maintenance

Repairs and maintenance costs, including shutdown maintenance costs, are charged to expense as incurred, except
when these repairs significantly extend the life of an asset or result in a significant operating improvement. In these
instances, the portion of these repairs relating to the betterment is capitalized as part of plant and equipment.

Borrowing costs

We capitalize borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset
that takes a substantial period of time to construct or prepare for its intended use. We begin capitalizing borrowing
costs when there are general or specific borrowings, expenditures are incurred, and activities are undertaken to
prepare the asset for its intended use. The amount of borrowing costs capitalized cannot exceed the actual amount
of borrowing costs incurred during the period. All other borrowing costs are expensed as incurred.

We discontinue the capitalization of borrowing costs when substantially all of the activities necessary to prepare the
qualifying asset for its intended use or sale are complete. In addition, we cease capitalization of borrowing costs when
there is suspension of activities to prepare an asset for its intended use or sale. Capitalization recommences when
the activities are restarted. Capitalized borrowing costs are amortized over the useful life of the related asset.

Leased assets

Leased assets from which we receive substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset are
capitalized as finance leases at the lower of the fair value of the asset or the estimated present value of the minimum
lease payments. The corresponding lease obligation is recorded within debt on the balance sheet. We review
arrangements entered into during the year to assess if the arrangements are, or contain, leases that should be
accounted for as such.

Assets under operating leases are not capitalized, and rental payments are expensed based on the terms of the lease.

Goodwill

We allocate goodwill arising from business combinations to each CGU or group of CGUs that are expected to receive
the benefits from the business combination. The carrying amount of the CGU or group of CGUs to which goodwill
has been allocated is tested annually for impairment or when there is an indication that the goodwill may be impaired.
Any impairment is recognized as an expense immediately. Should there be a recovery in the value of a CGU, any
impairment of goodwill previously recorded is not subsequently reversed.

Income Taxes

Taxes, comprising both income taxes and resource taxes, are accounted for as income taxes under IAS 12, Income
Taxes and are recognized in the statement of income, except where they relate to items recognized in other
comprehensive income (loss) or directly in equity, in which case the related taxes are recognized in other comprehensive
income (loss) or equity.

Current taxes receivable or payable are based on estimated taxable income for the current year at the statutory tax
rates enacted or substantively enacted less amounts paid or received on account.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on temporary differences (the difference between the tax and
accounting values of assets and liabilities) and are calculated using enacted or substantively enacted tax rates for the
periods in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of changes in tax legislation, including changes in
tax rates, is recognized in the period of substantive enactment.



                                                                                           Consolidated Financial Statements   89
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

     3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
     Deferred tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits of the relevant entity
     or group of entities in a particular jurisdiction will be available, against which the assets can be utilized.

     Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, joint
     ventures and associates. However, we do not recognize such deferred tax liabilities where the timing of the reversal of
     the temporary differences can be controlled without affecting our operations or business, and it is probable that the
     temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary differences arise from the initial recognition of
     goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction, other than in a business combination, which will affect neither
     accounting profit nor taxable profit.

     We are subject to assessments by various taxation authorities, who may interpret tax legislation differently than we
     do. The final amount of taxes to be paid depends on a number of factors, including the outcomes of audits, appeals or
     negotiated settlements. We account for such differences based on our best estimate of the probable outcome of
     these matters.

     Employee Benefits

     Defined benefit pension plans

     Defined benefit pension plan obligations are based on actuarial determinations. The projected unit credit method,
     which sees each period of service as giving rise to an additional unit of benefit entitlement and measures each unit
     separately to build up the final obligation, is used to determine the defined benefit obligations, the related current
     service costs and, where applicable, the past service costs. Actuarial assumptions used in the determination of
     defined benefit pension plan assets and liabilities are based upon our best estimates, including discount rates, salary
     escalation, expected health care costs and retirement dates of employees.

     Vested and unvested costs arising from past service following the introduction of changes to a defined benefit plan
     are recognized immediately as an expense when the changes are made.

     Actuarial gains and losses can arise from differences between expected and actual outcomes or changes in actuarial
     assumptions. Actuarial gains and losses, changes in the effect of asset ceiling rules and return on plan assets are
     collectively referred to as remeasurements of retirement benefit plans and are recognized immediately through other
     comprehensive income (loss) and directly into retained earnings. Measurement of our net defined benefit asset is
     limited to the lower of the surplus of assets less liabilities in the defined benefit plan and the asset ceiling less
     liabilities in the defined benefit plan. The asset ceiling is the present value of the expected economic benefit available
     to us in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.

     We apply one discount rate to the net defined benefit asset or liability for the purposes of determining the interest
     component of the defined benefit cost. This interest component is recorded as part of finance expense. Depending on
     the classification of the salary of plan members, current service costs and past service costs are included in either
     operating expenses or general and administration expenses.

     Defined contribution pension plans

     The cost of providing benefits through defined contribution plans is charged to profit as the obligation to contribute
     is incurred.

     Non-pension post-retirement plans

     We provide health care benefits for certain employees when they retire. Non-pension post-retirement plan obligations
     are based on actuarial determinations. The cost of these benefits is expensed over the period in which the employees
     render services. We fund these non-pension post-retirement benefits as they become due.



90   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Termination benefits

We recognize a liability and an expense for termination benefits when we have demonstrably committed to terminate
employees. We are demonstrably committed to a termination when, and only when, there is a formal plan for the
termination with no realistic possibility of withdrawal. The plan should include, at a minimum, the location, function
and approximate number of employees whose services are to be terminated, the termination benefits for each job
classification or function, and the time at which the plan will be implemented without significant changes.

Share-Based Payments

The fair value method of accounting is used for share-based payment transactions. Under this method, the cost of
share options and other equity-settled share-based payment arrangements is recorded based on the estimated fair
value at the grant date, including an estimate of the forfeiture rate, and charged to other operating income (expense)
over the vesting period. For employees eligible for normal retirement prior to vesting, the expense is charged to other
operating income (expense) over the period from the grant date to the date they are eligible for retirement.

Share-based payment expense relating to cash-settled awards, including deferred, restricted and performance share
units, is accrued over the vesting period of the units based on the quoted market value of Class B subordinate voting
shares. Performance share units (PSUs) have an additional vesting factor determined by our total shareholder return
in comparison to a group of specified companies. PSUs issued in 2017 and onwards and performance deferred
share units (PDSUs) also have a vesting factor determined by the ratio of the change in our earnings before interest,
taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) over the life of the share unit to the change in a specified weighted
commodity price index. As these awards will be settled in cash, the expense and liability are adjusted each reporting
period for changes in the underlying share price as well as changes to the above-noted vesting factors, as applicable.

Share Repurchases

Where we repurchase any of our equity share capital, the excess of the consideration paid over book value is
deducted from retained earnings.

Provisions

Decommissioning and restoration provisions

Future obligations to retire an asset and to restore a site, including dismantling, remediation and ongoing treatment
and monitoring of the site related to normal operations, are initially recognized and recorded as a provision based
on estimated future cash flows discounted at a credit-adjusted risk-free rate. This decommissioning and restoration
provision is adjusted at each reporting period for changes to factors including the expected amount of cash flows
required to discharge the liability, the timing of such cash flows and the discount rate.

The provisions are also accreted to full value over time through periodic charges to profit. This unwinding of the
discount is charged to finance expense in the statement of income.

The amount of the decommissioning and restoration provision initially recognized is capitalized as part of the related
asset’s carrying value. The method of depreciation follows that of the underlying asset. For a closed site or where
the asset that generated a decommissioning and restoration provision no longer exists, there is no longer any future
benefit related to the costs, and as such, the amounts are expensed through other operating income (expense).
For operating sites, a revision in estimates or a new disturbance will result in an adjustment to the provision with an
offsetting adjustment to the capitalized asset retirement cost.

During the operating life of an asset, events such as infractions of environmental laws or regulations may occur.
These events are not related to the normal operation of the asset. The costs associated with these provisions are
accrued and charged to other operating income (expense) in the period in which the event giving rise to the liability
occurs. Changes in the estimated liability resulting in an adjustment to the provision are also charged to other
operating income (expense) in the period in which the estimate changes.



                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements   91
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

     3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
     Other provisions

     Provisions are recognized when a present legal or constructive obligation exists as a result of past events, and it is
     probable that an outflow of resources that can be reliably estimated will be required to settle the obligation. Where
     the effect is material, the provision is discounted using an appropriate credit-adjusted risk-free rate.

     Research and Development

     Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs are only capitalized when the product or process is
     clearly defined; the technical feasibility has been established; the future market for the product or process is clearly
     defined; and we are committed, and have the resources, to complete the project.

     Earnings per Share

     Earnings per share is calculated based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year.
     For diluted earnings per share, dilution is calculated based upon the net number of common shares issued should
     “in-the-money” options and warrants be exercised and the proceeds be used to repurchase common shares at
     the average market price in the year.


     4. Areas of Judgment and Estimation Uncertainty
     In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make judgments in applying our accounting policies. The
     judgments that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in our financial statements are outlined
     below. In addition, we make assumptions about the future in deriving estimates used in preparing our consolidated
     financial statements. We have outlined below information about assumptions and other sources of estimation
     uncertainty as at December 31, 2018 that have a risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts
     of assets and liabilities within the next year.

     a) Areas of Judgment

     Assessment of Impairment Indicators

     Judgment is required in assessing whether certain factors would be considered an indicator of impairment or
     impairment reversal. We consider both internal and external information to determine whether there is an indicator of
     impairment or impairment reversal present and, accordingly, whether impairment testing is required. The information
     we consider in assessing whether there is an indicator of impairment or impairment reversal includes, but is not
     limited to, market transactions for similar assets, commodity prices, interest rates, inflation rates, our market
     capitalization, reserves and resources, mine plans and operating results.

     Property, Plant and Equipment – Determination of Available for Use Date

     Judgment is required in determining the date that property, plant and equipment is available for use. An asset is
     available for use when it is in the location and condition necessary to operate in the manner intended by management.
     At that time, we commence depreciation of the asset and cease capitalization of borrowing costs. We consider a
     number of factors in making the determination of when an asset is available for use including, but not limited to,
     design capacity of the asset, production levels achieved, capital spending remaining and commissioning status. Fort Hills
     produced first oil in January 2018 and were considered available for use as at June 1, 2018. When concluding that
     these assets were available for use at June 1, 2018, we considered whether all three secondary extraction trains were
     running as expected, whether the production and product quality were consistent with expectations, and the status of
     asset commissioning. We have included the operating results for Fort Hills in our consolidated statements of income
     from that date forward.




92   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Joint Arrangements

We are a party to a number of arrangements over which we do not have control. Judgment is required in determining
whether joint control over these arrangements exists and, if so, which parties have joint control and whether each
arrangement is a joint venture or joint operation. In assessing whether we have joint control, we analyze the activities
of each arrangement and determine which activities most significantly affect the returns of the arrangement over its
life. These activities are determined to be the relevant activities of the arrangement. If unanimous consent is required
over the decisions about the relevant activities, the parties whose consent is required would have joint control over
the arrangement. The judgments around which activities are considered the relevant activities of the arrangement are
subject to analysis by each of the parties to the arrangement and may be interpreted differently. When performing this
assessment, we generally consider decisions about activities such as managing the asset while it is being designed,
developed and constructed, during its operating life and during the closure period. We may also consider other
activities including the approval of budgets, expansion and disposition of assets, financing, significant operating and
capital expenditures, appointment of key management personnel, representation on the board of directors and other
items. When circumstances or contractual terms change, we reassess the control group and the relevant activities
of the arrangement.

If we have joint control over the arrangement, an assessment of whether the arrangement is a joint venture or joint
operation is required. This assessment is based on whether we have rights to the assets, and obligations for the
liabilities, relating to the arrangement or whether we have rights to the net assets of the arrangement. In making this
determination, we review the legal form of the arrangement, the terms of the contractual arrangement and other
facts and circumstances. In a situation where the legal form and the terms of the contractual arrangement do not give
us rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities, an assessment of other facts and circumstances is required,
including whether the activities of the arrangement are primarily designed for the provision of output to the parties and
whether the parties are substantially the only source of cash flows contributing to the arrangement. The consideration
of other facts and circumstances may result in the conclusion that a joint arrangement is a joint operation. This
conclusion requires judgment and is specific to each arrangement. Other facts and circumstances have led us to
conclude that Antamina and Fort Hills are joint operations for the purposes of our consolidated financial statements.
The other facts and circumstances considered for both of these arrangements include the provisions of output to the
parties of the joint arrangements and the funding obligations. For both Antamina and Fort Hills, we will take our share
of the output from the assets directly over the life of the arrangement. We have concluded that this gives us direct
rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities of these arrangements proportionate to our ownership interests.

Streaming Transactions

When we enter into a long-term streaming arrangement linked to production at specific operations, judgment is
required in assessing the appropriate accounting treatment for the transaction on the closing date and in future periods.
We consider the specific terms of each arrangement to determine whether we have disposed of an interest in the
reserves and resources of the respective operation or executed some other form of arrangement. This assessment
considers what the counterparty is entitled to and the associated risks and rewards attributable to them over the life of
the operation. These include the contractual terms related to the total production over the life of the arrangement as
compared to the expected production over the life of the mine, the percentage being sold, the percentage of payable
metals produced, the commodity price referred to in the ongoing payment and any guarantee relating to the upfront
payment if production ceases.

For our silver and gold streaming arrangements entered into in 2015, there is no guarantee associated with the
upfront payment. We have concluded that control of the rights to the silver and gold mineral interests were transferred
to the buyer when the contracts came into effect at Antamina and Carmen de Andacollo, respectively. Therefore,
we consider these arrangements a disposition of a mineral interest.




                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements   93
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

     4. Areas of Judgment and Estimation Uncertainty (continued)
     Any gains from the sale of mineral properties are recognized in accordance with IFRS 15. For both streaming
     transactions, the total transaction price less costs was allocated to the identified performance obligations based on
     their estimated stand-alone selling prices. The performance obligations include the interest in the reserves and
     resources of the operation, mining, refining and delivery services. The allocation involved the use of a variety
     of estimates in a discounted cash flow model to estimate the stand-alone selling price of the mineral interest.
     The significant estimates included expected commodity prices, production costs, discount rates and mine plans.
     A residual value approach was used to estimate the selling prices of mining services.

     Based on our judgment, control of the interest in the reserves and resources transferred to the buyer when the contract
     was executed. At that time, we had the right to payment, the customer was entitled to the commodities, the buyer
     had no recourse in requiring Teck to mine the product, and the buyer had significant risks and rewards of ownership of
     the reserves and resources. The allocation of proceeds under IFRS 15 resulted in a net gain allocated to the reserves
     and resources for the Antamina silver stream transaction. This resulted in an IFRS 15 transition pre-tax adjustment of
     $755 million to retained earnings, as the amount was previously recorded as deferred consideration (Note 32). There
     was no net gain or loss adjustment on application of IFRS 15 to the Carmen de Andacollo gold stream.

     We recognize the amount of consideration related to refining, mining and delivery services as the work is performed.

     Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities

     Judgment is required in assessing whether deferred tax assets and certain deferred tax liabilities are recognized on
     the balance sheet and what tax rate is expected to be applied in the year when the related temporary differences
     reverse, particularly in regard to the utilization of tax loss carryforwards. We also evaluate the recoverability of
     deferred tax assets based on an assessment of our ability to use the underlying future tax deductions before they
     expire against future taxable income. Deferred tax liabilities arising from temporary differences on investments in
     subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are recognized unless the reversal of the temporary differences is not
     expected to occur in the foreseeable future and can be controlled. Judgment is also required on the application of
     income tax legislation. These judgments are subject to risk and uncertainty and could result in an adjustment to the
     deferred tax provision and a corresponding credit or charge to profit.

     b) Sources of Estimation Uncertainty

     Impairment Testing

     When impairment testing is required, discounted cash flow models are used to determine the recoverable amount
     of respective assets. These models are prepared internally with assistance from third-party advisors when required.
     When market transactions for comparable assets are available, these are considered in determining the recoverable
     amount of assets. Significant assumptions used in preparing discounted cash flow models include commodity prices,
     reserves and resources, mine plans, operating costs, capital expenditures, discount rates, foreign exchange rates and
     inflation rates. Note 8 outlines the significant inputs used when performing goodwill and other asset impairment
     testing. These inputs are based on management’s best estimates of what an independent market participant would
     consider appropriate. Changes in these inputs may alter the results of impairment testing, the amount of the impairment
     charges or reversals recorded in the statement of income and the resulting carrying values of assets.




94   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Estimated Recoverable Reserves and Resources

Mineral and oil reserve and resource estimates are based on various assumptions relating to operating matters as set
forth in National Instrument 43-101, Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects and National Instrument 51-101,
Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities. Assumptions used include production costs, mining and processing
recoveries, cut-off grades, marketing and sales, long-term commodity prices and, in some cases, exchange rates,
inflation rates and capital costs. Cost estimates are based on pre-feasibility or feasibility study estimates or operating
history. Estimates are prepared by or under the supervision of appropriately qualified persons, or qualified reserves
evaluators, but will be affected by forecasted commodity prices, inflation rates, exchange rates, capital and production
costs, and recoveries, among other factors. Estimated recoverable reserves and resources are used to determine the
depreciation of property, plant and equipment at operating mine sites, in accounting for capitalized production stripping
costs, in performing impairment testing, and in forecasting the timing of the payment of decommissioning and
restoration costs. Therefore, changes in the assumptions used could affect the carrying value of assets, depreciation
and impairment charges recorded in the statement of income and the carrying value of the decommissioning and
restoration provision.

Decommissioning and Restoration Provisions

The decommissioning and restoration provision (DRP) is based on future cost estimates using information available
at the balance sheet date (Note 22(a)). The DRP represents the present value of estimated costs of future
decommissioning and other site restoration activities. The DRP is adjusted at each reporting period for changes to
factors such as the expected amount of cash flows required to discharge the liability, the timing of such cash flows
and the credit-adjusted discount rate. The DRP requires other significant estimates and assumptions, including
the requirements of the relevant legal and regulatory framework and the timing, extent and costs of required
decommissioning and restoration activities. To the extent the actual costs differ from these estimates, adjustments
will be recorded and the income statement may be affected.

Provision for Income Taxes

We calculate current and deferred tax provisions for each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Actual amounts
of income tax expense are not final until tax returns are filed and accepted by the relevant authorities. This occurs
subsequent to the issuance of our financial statements, and the final determination of actual amounts may not be
completed for a number of years. Therefore, profit in subsequent periods will be affected by the amount that
estimates differ from the final tax return.

Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities

Assumptions about the generation of future taxable profits and repatriation of retained earnings depend on management’s
estimates of future production and sales volumes, commodity prices, reserves and resources, operating costs,
decommissioning and restoration costs, capital expenditures, dividends and other capital management transactions.
These estimates could result in an adjustment to the deferred tax provision and a corresponding credit or charge to profit.




                                                                                           Consolidated Financial Statements   95
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

     5. Transactions

     a) Quebrada Blanca

     In April of 2018, we acquired an additional 13.5% interest in QBSA through the purchase of Inversiones Mineras S.A.
     (IMSA), a private Chilean company. This acquisition brought our interest in QBSA from 76.5% to 90%.

     The purchase price consisted of US$53 million paid in cash on closing, an additional US$60 million paid in 2018 on the
     issuance of the major approval of the social and environmental impact assessment for the Quebrada Blanca Phase 2
     copper development project (QB2) and a further US$50 million payable within 30 days of the commencement of
     commercial production at QB2. Additional amounts may become payable to the extent that average copper prices
     exceed US$3.15 per pound in each of the first three years following commencement of commercial production, up to
     a cumulative maximum of US$100 million if commencement of commercial production occurs prior to January 21, 2024,
     or up to a lesser maximum in certain circumstances thereafter.

     This transaction is considered a change in the ownership of a subsidiary that we control and accordingly, we accounted
     for this as an equity transaction. At the acquisition date, we recorded a cash payment of $67 million and liabilities for
     the estimated fair value of amounts due in the future, which are recorded in provisions and other liabilities on the
     balance sheet. The total fair value of $175 million was recorded as a reduction in non-controlling interests and equity
     attributable to shareholders of $16 million and $159 million, respectively, as at December 31, 2018.

     In December of 2018, we announced a transaction for Sumitomo Metal Mining Co., Ltd. and Sumitomo Corporation
     (together referred to as Sumitomo) to subscribe for a 30% indirect interest in QBSA, which owns QB2. Upon closing,
     Teck and Sumitomo will have an indirect ownership interest in QBSA of 60% and 30%, respectively, and Empresa
     Nacional de Minería (ENAMI) will continue to have a 10% direct ownership interest in QBSA. ENAMI, a Chilean State
     agency, holds a preference share interest in QBSA, which does not require ENAMI to fund capital spending. Closing
     of the transaction is subject to customary conditions precedent, including receipt of necessary regulatory approvals,
     and is expected to occur before the end of March 2019.

     We analyzed the implied fair value that can be derived from this announced market transaction as part of our
     impairment testing for the Quebrada Blanca CGU (Note 8(b)).

     b) Waneta Dam Sale

     During 2018, the transaction for the sale of our two-thirds interest in the Waneta Dam and related transmission assets
     to BC Hydro closed. The Waneta Dam and related transmission assets were previously classified as assets held for
     sale of $350 million on our consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2017. As part of the sale, we entered into
     a 20-year arrangement to purchase power for our Trail Operations, with an option to extend the arrangement for a
     further 10 years on comparable terms. We recognized this transaction as a disposition of the Waneta Dam and related
     transmission assets and recorded a pre-tax gain, net of transaction costs, of $888 million (after-tax $812 million)
     based on proceeds of $1.203 billion. The gain is recorded in other operating income (expense) (Note 9). The power
     supply arrangement is accounted for as an ongoing cost to operate and is recorded in cost of sales.




96   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
6. Revenues

a) Total Revenues by Major Product Type and Business Unit

The following table shows our revenue disaggregated by major product type and by business unit. Our business
units are reported based on the primary products that they produce and are consistent with our reportable segments
(Note 27) that have revenue from contracts with customers. A business unit can have revenue from more than one
commodity as it can include an operation that produces more than one product. Intra-segment revenues are accounted
for at current market prices as if the sales were made to arm’s-length parties and are eliminated on consolidation.

(CAD$ in millions)                                                                        2018
                                                            Steelmaking
                                                                   Coal         Copper           Zinc        Energy1         Total

Steelmaking coal                                                $   6,349   $        –    $         –    $         –    $   6,349
Copper                                                                  –        2,242              –              –        2,242
Zinc                                                                    –          279        2,701                –        2,980
Blended bitumen                                                         –            –              –           407            407
Silver                                                                  –           18           306               –           324
Lead                                                                    –            –            419              –           419
Other                                                                   –          175            318              –          493
Intra-segment                                                           –            –           (650)             –         (650)
                                                                $   6,349   $    2,714    $   3,094      $      407     $ 12,564



(CAD$ in millions)                                                                   2017 (restated)
                                                            Steelmaking
                                                                   Coal         Copper           Zinc        Energy          Total

Steelmaking coal                                                $   6,014   $        –    $         –    $         –    $    6,014
Copper                                                                  –        2,022              –              –        2,022
Zinc                                                                    –          252        2,673                –        2,925
Silver                                                                  –           16           556               –           572
Lead                                                                    –            –           570               –           570
Other                                                                   –          110           332               –          442
Intra-segment                                                           –            –           (635)             –         (635)
                                                                $   6,014   $    2,400    $   3,496      $         –    $ 11,910

Note:
1) Includes revenue for Fort Hills from June 1, 2018 (Note 4(a)).




                                                                                                    Consolidated Financial Statements   97
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

     6. Revenues (continued)
     b) Total Revenues by Regions

     The following table shows our revenue disaggregated by geographical region. Revenues are attributed to regions
     based on the destination port or delivery location as designated by the customer. The 2018 results include revenue
     for Fort Hills from June 1, 2018.

                                                                                                    2018              2017
     (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                          (restated)
     Asia
      China                                                                                  $     2,060     $      2,079
      Japan                                                                                        1,880            1,872
      South Korea                                                                                  1,515            1,352
      India                                                                                          981              761
      Other                                                                                        1,207              951
     Americas
      United States                                                                                1,609            1,357
      Canada                                                                                         932              920
      Latin America                                                                                  297              407
     Europe
      Germany                                                                                        561              578
      Finland                                                                                        242              284
      Netherlands                                                                                    240              215
      Other                                                                                        1,040            1,134
                                                                                             $   12,564      $     11,910




98   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
7. Expenses by Nature

                                                                                             2018               2017
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                                         (restated)
Employment-related costs:
 Wages and salaries                                                                   $     1,005      $        899
 Employee benefits and other wage-related costs                                               247               236
 Bonus payments                                                                               191               192
 Post-employment benefits and pension costs                                                   112               122
                                                                                            1,555             1,449
Transportation                                                                              1,408             1,245
Depreciation and amortization                                                               1,483             1,492
Raw material purchases                                                                        914               824
Fuel and energy                                                                               830               657
Operating supplies consumed                                                                   640               569
Maintenance and repair supplies                                                               775               698
Contractors and consultants                                                                   738               570
Overhead costs                                                                                365               287
Royalties                                                                                     370               453
Other operating costs                                                                          15                  9
                                                                                            9,093             8,253
Less:
 Capitalized production stripping costs                                                      (707)             (678)
 Change in inventory                                                                         (197)                (3)
Total cost of sales, general and administration,
 exploration and research and development expenses                                    $     8,189      $      7,572


Approximately 26% (2017 – 29%) of our costs are incurred at our foreign operations where the functional currency
is the U.S. dollar.


8. Asset and Goodwill Impairment Testing

a) Impairment Reversal and Asset Impairments

The following pre-tax impairment reversal and (asset impairments) were recorded in the statement of income:

Impairment Reversal and (Asset Impairments)

(CAD$ in millions)                                                                           2018              2017

Steelmaking coal CGU                                                                  $          –     $        207
Other                                                                                         (41)              (44)
Total                                                                                 $       (41)     $        163




                                                                                     Consolidated Financial Statements   99
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      8. Asset and Goodwill Impairment Testing (continued)
      Steelmaking Coal CGU

      We did not identify any asset impairment or impairment reversal indicators for our steelmaking coal CGU during 2018.
      The results of our annual goodwill impairment testing for our steelmaking coal CGU as at October 31, 2018 are
      outlined in Note 8(b).

      As at December 31, 2017, we recorded a pre-tax impairment reversal of $207 million (after-tax $131 million) related
      to one of the mines in our steelmaking coal business unit. The estimated post-tax recoverable amount of this mine
      was significantly higher than the carrying value. This impairment reversal arose as a result of changes in short-term
      and long-term market participant price expectations for steelmaking coal and expected future operating cost estimates
      included in our annual goodwill impairment testing performed in 2017. The impairment reversal affected the profit
      (loss) of our steelmaking coal operating segment (Note 27).

      Other

      During the year ended December 31, 2018, we recorded asset impairments of $41 million, of which $31 million is related
      to capitalized exploration expenditures that are not expected to be recovered and $10 million ($44 million – 2017) is
      related to Quebrada Blanca assets that will not be recovered through use.

      b) Annual Goodwill Impairment Testing

      The allocation of goodwill to CGUs or groups of CGUs reflects how goodwill is monitored for internal management
      purposes. Our Quebrada Blanca CGU and steelmaking coal CGU have goodwill allocated to them (Note 17).
      The Quebrada Blanca CGU primarily relates to assets of QB2.

      We performed our annual goodwill impairment testing at October 31, 2018 and did not identify any goodwill
      impairment losses.

      Cash flow projections are based on expected mine life. For our steelmaking coal operations, the cash flows cover periods
      of 9 to 51 years, with a steady state thereafter until reserves and resources are exhausted. For Quebrada Blanca, the
      cash flow covers 31 years, with our estimate of cash flows thereafter until reserves and resources are exhausted.

      Given the nature of expected future cash flows used to determine the recoverable amount, a material change could
      occur over time as the cash flows are significantly affected by the key assumptions described below in Note 8(c).

      Sensitivity Analysis

      Our annual goodwill impairment test carried out at October 31, 2018 resulted in the recoverable amount of our
      steelmaking coal CGU exceeding its carrying value by approximately $6.7 billion. The recoverable amount of our
      steelmaking coal CGU is most sensitive to the long-term Canadian dollar steelmaking coal price assumption.
      In isolation, a 15% decrease in the long-term Canadian dollar steelmaking coal price would result in the recoverable
      amount of the steelmaking coal CGU being equal to the carrying value.

      Our annual goodwill impairment test for the Quebrada Blanca CGU carried out at October 31, 2018 resulted in
      a recoverable amount that exceeded the carrying value and no goodwill impairment losses were identified.
      Subsequent to our annual goodwill impairment test, Teck announced the QB2 partnering transaction (Note 5(a)).
      We compared the implied fair value that can be derived from the announced market transaction to the carrying
      value for our Quebrada Blanca CGU and concluded that the fair value exceeded our carrying value, including
      goodwill. In deriving a fair value for QBSA relative to the interest subscribed for by Sumitomo, we adjusted the
      transaction value to reflect the additional value attributed to a controlling interest.




100   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
c) Key Assumptions

The following are the key assumptions used in our impairment testing calculations during the years ended
December 31, 2018 and 2017:

                                                                          2018                                     2017

Steelmaking coal prices                    Current price used in initial year,        Current price used in initial year,
                                            decreased to a long-term price           decreased to a long-term price in
                                               in 2023 of US$150 per tonne                 2022 of US$140 per tonne
Copper prices                              Current price used in initial year,        Current price used in initial year,
                                             increased to a long-term price          decreased to a long-term price in
                                              in 2023 of US$3.00 per pound               2022 of US$3.00 per pound
Discount rate                                                             6.0%                                     5.9%
Long-term foreign exchange rate               1 U.S. to 1.25 Canadian dollars          1 U.S. to 1.25 Canadian dollars
Inflation rate                                                              2%                                       2%

Commodity Prices

Commodity price assumptions are based on a number of factors, including forward curves in the near term, and are
benchmarked with external sources of information, including information published by our peers and market transactions,
where possible, to ensure they are within the range of values used by market participants.

Discount Rates

Discount rates are based on a mining weighted average cost of capital for all mining operations. For the year ended
December 31, 2018, we used a discount rate of 6.0% real, 8.1% nominal post-tax (2017 – 5.9% real, 8.0% nominal
post-tax) for mining operations and goodwill.

Foreign Exchange Rates

Foreign exchange rates are benchmarked with external sources of information based on a range used by market
participants. Long-term foreign exchange assumptions are from year 2023 onwards for analysis performed in the year
ended December 31, 2018 and are from year 2022 onwards for analysis performed in the year ended December 31, 2017.

Inflation Rates

Inflation rates are based on average historical inflation for the location of each operation and long-term government
targets.

Reserves and Resources

Future mineral production is included in projected cash flows based on mineral reserve and resource estimates and
on exploration and evaluation work undertaken by appropriately qualified persons.

Operating Costs and Capital Expenditures

Operating costs and capital expenditures are based on life of mine plans and internal management forecasts. Cost
estimates incorporate management experience and expertise, current operating costs, the nature and location of each
operation, and the risks associated with each operation. Future capital expenditures are based on management’s best
estimate of expected future capital requirements, which are generally for the extraction and processing of existing
reserves and resources. All committed and anticipated capital expenditures based on future cost estimates have been
included in the projected cash flows. Operating cost and capital expenditure assumptions are continuously subjected
to ongoing optimization and review by management.


                                                                                         Consolidated Financial Statements   101
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      8. Asset and Goodwill Impairment Testing (continued)
      Recoverable Amount Basis

      In the absence of a relevant market transaction, we estimate the recoverable amount of our CGUs on a fair value less
      costs of disposal (FVLCD) basis using a discounted cash flow methodology, taking into account assumptions likely
      to be made by market participants unless it is expected that the value-in-use methodology would result in a higher
      recoverable amount. For the asset impairment, impairment reversal and goodwill impairment analyses performed in
      2018 and 2017 (Note 8(a)), we have applied the FVLCD basis. These estimates are classified as a Level 3 measurement
      within the fair value measurement hierarchy (Note 29).


      9. Other Operating Income (Expense)

      (CAD$ in millions)                                                                            2018             2017

      Settlement pricing adjustments (Note 28(b))                                            $       (117)    $      190
      Share-based compensation                                                                        (59)           (125)
      Environmental and care and maintenance costs                                                    (31)           (186)
      Social responsibility and donations                                                             (18)             (7)
      Gain (loss) on sale of assets                                                                    (3)             35
      Commodity derivatives                                                                           (36)             12
      Take or pay contract costs                                                                    (106)             (81)
      Waneta Dam sale (a)                                                                            888              (28)
      Other                                                                                           (68)            (40)
                                                                                             $       450      $     (230)


      a) The 2018 amount relates to the pre-tax gain from the Waneta Dam sale (Note 5(b)). The 2017 amount relates to the
         break fee on that sale paid to Fortis Inc.


      10. Finance Income and Finance Expense

      (CAD$ in millions)                                                                            2018             2017

      Finance income
       Investment income                                                                     $        33      $        17
      Total finance income                                                                   $        33      $        17


      Finance expense
       Debt interest                                                                         $       338      $      385
       Finance lease interest                                                                         24                2
       Letters of credit and standby fees                                                             65               76
       Net interest expense on retirement benefit plans                                                 6              12
       Accretion on decommissioning and restoration provisions (Note 22(a))                          101               81
       Other                                                                                           11               6
                                                                                                     545             562
       Less capitalized borrowing costs (Note 16(c))                                                (293)           (333)
      Total finance expense                                                                  $       252      $      229



102   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
11. Non-Operating Income (Expense)

(CAD$ in millions)                                                                                    2018                 2017
Foreign exchange gains                                                                         $         16     $             5
Gain (loss) on debt prepayment options (Note 28(b))                                                     (42)                 51
Gain on sale of investments                                                                               –                   9
Loss on debt repurchases (Note 19(a) and Note 19(b))                                                    (26)               (216)
                                                                                               $        (52)    $          (151)


12. Supplemental Cash Flow Information

                                                                                             December 31, December 31,
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                                 2018         2017
Cash and cash equivalents
 Cash                                                                                          $       438      $          230
 Investments with maturities from the date of acquisition of three months or less                    1,296                 722
                                                                                               $     1,734      $          952


                                                                                                      2018               2017
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                                                  (restated)
Net change in non-cash working capital items
 Trade and settlements receivables                                                             $       282      $           (44)
 Prepaids and other current assets                                                                      (26)               (145)
 Inventories                                                                                          (338)                 (27)
 Trade accounts payable and other liabilities                                                            53                385
                                                                                               $        (29)    $          169


13. Inventories

                                                                                             December 31, December 31,
                                                                                                   2018           2017
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                                           (restated)
Supplies                                                                                       $       693      $          563
Raw materials                                                                                          300                 223
Work in process                                                                                        595                 529
Finished products                                                                                      539                 462
                                                                                                     2,127             1,777
Less long-term portion (Note 14)                                                                        (62)               (108)
                                                                                               $     2,065      $      1,669

Cost of sales of $7.9 billion (2017 – $7.3 billion) include $7.3 billion (2017 – $6.6 billion) of inventories recognized
as an expense during the year.




                                                                                              Consolidated Financial Statements    103
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      13. Inventories (continued)
      Total inventories held at net realizable value amounted to $172 million at December 31, 2018 (December 31, 2017
      – $17 million). Total inventory write-downs in 2018 were $82 million (2017 – $20 million) and were included as part of
      cost of sales. Total reversals of inventory write-downs previously recorded was nil in 2018 (2017 – $30 million).

      Long-term inventories consist of ore stockpiles and other in-process materials that are not expected to be processed
      within one year.


      14. Financial and Other Assets

                                                                                              December 31, December 31,
      (CAD$ in millions)                                                                            2018         2017
      Long-term receivables and deposits                                                       $       220     $       209
      Marketable equity and debt securities carried at fair value                                      167             156
      Debt prepayment options (Note 28(c))                                                              73             108
      Pension plans in a net asset position (Note 21(a))                                               254             339
      Long-term portion of inventories (Note 13)                                                        62             108
      Intangibles                                                                                       80               76
      Other                                                                                             51               55
                                                                                               $       907     $      1,051



      15. Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures

      (CAD$ in millions)                                                     NuevaUnión             Other             Total
      At January 1, 2017                                                      $       946      $        66     $      1,012
      Contributions                                                                     43               4               47
      Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                (64)              1              (63)
      Share of income                                                                    4               2                6
      Share of other comprehensive loss                                                  –               (1)             (1)
      Acquisition of AQM Copper Inc.                                                     –             (58)             (58)
      At December 31, 2017                                                    $       929      $        14     $       943
      Contributions                                                                     48                –              48
      Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                 83                –              83
      Share of loss                                                                     (2)              (1)             (3)
      At December 31, 2018                                                    $     1,058      $        13     $      1,071




104   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
16. Property, Plant and Equipment

                                                                      Land, Capitalized
                                  Exploration                     Buildings, Production
                                         and          Mineral     Plant and   Stripping Construction
(CAD$ in millions)                 Evaluation      Properties    Equipment        Costs In Progress               Total

At December 31, 2016
 Cost                                 $   1,613     $ 18,667      $ 13,517      $   4,269     $   3,907      $ 41,973
 Accumulated depreciation                     –        (5,105)        (7,165)       (2,108)            –       (14,378)
Net book value                        $   1,613     $ 13,562      $   6,352     $    2,161    $   3,907      $ 27,595

Year ended December 31, 2017
Opening net book value                $   1,613     $ 13,562      $   6,352     $    2,161    $   3,907      $ 27,595
 Additions                                 171           174            562           742         1,284          2,933
 Disposals                                    –             –            (67)            –             –            (67)
 Impairment reversal and (asset
  impairments) (Note 8)                       –          207            (44)             –             –            163
 Depreciation and amortization                –         (368)          (640)         (566)             –         (1,574)
 Transfers between classifications            –            (8)          104              –           (96)             –
 Decommissioning and restoration
  provision change in estimate                –          501             24              –             –            525
 Capitalized borrowing costs                  –          102               –             –           231           333
 Reclassification of Waneta Dam
  to assets held for sale and other           –           40           (394)             –             –          (354)
 Changes in foreign
  exchange rates                            (10)        (240)          (155)           (39)          (65)         (509)
Closing net book value                $   1,774     $ 13,970      $   5,742     $   2,298     $   5,261      $ 29,045
At December 31, 2017
 Cost                                 $   1,774     $ 19,329      $ 12,948      $   4,561     $   5,261      $ 43,873
 Accumulated depreciation                     –       (5,359)         (7,206)       (2,263)            –       (14,828)
Net book value                        $   1,774     $ 13,970      $   5,742     $   2,298     $   5,261      $ 29,045




                                                                                         Consolidated Financial Statements   105
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      16. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)

                                                                              Land, Capitalized
                                         Exploration                      Buildings, Production
                                                and          Mineral      Plant and   Stripping Construction
      (CAD$ in millions)                  Evaluation      Properties     Equipment        Costs In Progress                Total

      Year ended December 31, 2018
      Opening net book value                $   1,774      $ 13,970       $    5,742    $    2,298     $    5,261     $ 29,045
       Additions                                  144             86            710            761          1,135         2,836
       Disposals                                     –              –            (12)             –             –            (12)
       Asset impairments (Note 8)                  (31)            (6)            (4)             –             –            (41)
       Depreciation and amortization                 –          (372)          (595)          (543)             –         (1,510)
       Transfers between classifications             –         1,050          3,307               –        (4,357)             –
       Decommissioning and restoration
        provision change in estimate                 –          (250)            (29)             –             –          (279)
       Capitalized borrowing costs                   –           108               –              –           185           293
       Other                                         –             (2)           56               –             –            54
       Changes in foreign
        exchange rates                             21            290            182             50            121           664
      Closing net book value                $   1,908      $ 14,874       $   9,357     $    2,566     $   2,345      $ 31,050
      At December 31, 2018
       Cost                                 $   1,908      $ 20,613       $ 17,452      $    5,435     $   2,345      $ 47,753
       Accumulated depreciation                      –        (5,739)         (8,095)       (2,869)             –       (16,703)
      Net book value                        $   1,908      $ 14,874       $   9,357     $    2,566     $   2,345      $ 31,050


      a) Exploration and Evaluation

      Significant exploration and evaluation projects in property, plant and equipment include primarily Galore Creek and
      non-Fort Hills oil sands properties in Alberta.

      b) Finance Leases

      The net carrying value of property, plant and equipment held under finance leases (Note 19(c)) at December 31, 2018
      is $613 million (2017 – $406 million), of which $504 million (2017 – $192 million) is included in land, buildings, plant and
      equipment. During the year ended December 31, 2018, our share of the pipeline leases of Fort Hills were transferred from
      construction in progress to land, buildings, plant and equipment. Ownership of leased assets remains with the lessor.

      c) Borrowing Costs

      Borrowing costs are capitalized at a rate based on our weighted average cost of borrowing or at the rate on the
      project-specific debt, as applicable. These projects are shown as part of mineral properties and leases, land, buildings,
      plant and equipment, or construction in progress. Our weighted average borrowing rate used for capitalization of
      borrowing costs in 2018 was 5.9% (2017 – 5.8%).




106   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
17. Goodwill

                                                                    Steelmaking         Quebrada
(CAD$ in millions)                                               Coal Operations          Blanca                 Total

January 1, 2017                                                       $       702     $        412      $        1,114
Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                –             (27)                (27)
December 31, 2017                                                     $       702     $        385      $       1,087
Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                –              34                 34
December 31, 2018                                                     $       702     $        419      $       1,121


The results of our annual goodwill impairment analysis and key assumptions used in the analysis are outlined in
Notes 8(b) and 8(c).


18. Trade Accounts Payable and Other Liabilities

                                                                    December 31,     December 31,           January 1,
                                                                          2018               2017                2017
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                      (restated)           (restated)
Trade accounts payable and accruals                                   $     1,185     $       1,111     $         943
Capital project accruals                                                      201              149                142
Payroll-related liabilities                                                   361              420                252
Accrued interest                                                              102              120                148
Commercial and government royalties                                           211              296                246
Customer deposits                                                              67               19                 18
Current portion of provisions (Note 22(a))                                    155              133                 71
Settlement payables (Note 28(b))                                               45               39                 43
Other                                                                            6                3                  7
                                                                      $     2,333     $      2,290      $       1,870




                                                                                      Consolidated Financial Statements   107
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      19. Debt

      ($ in millions)                                                December 31, 2018                        December 31, 2017
                                                         Face    Carrying            Fair         Face     Carrying            Fair
                                                        Value       Value           Value        Value        Value           Value
                                                        (US$)      (CAD$)          (CAD$)        (US$)      (CAD$)          (CAD$)
      2.5% notes due February 2018                  $       –    $       –     $        –    $     22     $      28     $       28
      4.5% notes due January 2021 (a)(b)                  117          159           159          220           274           285
      4.75% notes due January 2022 (a)(b)                202           275           275          672           841           884
      3.75% notes due February 2023 (a)(b)               220           295           286          646           804           818
      8.5% notes due June 2024                           600           819           883          600           753           853
      6.125% notes due October 2035                      609           818           802          609           751           865
      6.0% notes due August 2040                         490           666           621          491           613           686
      6.25% notes due July 2041                          795         1,072          1,031         795          986           1,144
      5.2% notes due March 2042                          399           537           465          399          494            502
      5.4% notes due February 2043                       377           509           449          377          468            481
                                                        3,809         5,150         4,971        4,831        6,012         6,546
      Antamina term loan due April 2020                   23            31            31           23            28             28
      Finance lease liabilities (c)                      248           338           338          250           313           313
      Other                                                 –            –              –          13            16             16
                                                        4,080        5,519         5,340         5,117        6,369         6,903
      Less current portion of debt                        (24)         (32)          (32)          (45)         (55)           (55)
                                                    $ 4,056      $ 5,487       $ 5,308       $ 5,072      $ 6,314       $ 6,848

      The fair values of debt are determined using market values, if available, and discounted cash flows based on our cost
      of borrowing where market values are not available. The latter are considered Level 2 fair value measurements with
      significant other observable inputs on the fair value hierarchy (Note 29).

      The 2024 notes include a prepayment option that is considered to be an embedded derivative (Note 28(c)).

      a) Debt Transactions – 2018

      During the year ended December 31, 2018, we purchased US$1 billion aggregate principal amount of certain of our
      outstanding notes pursuant to cash tender offers. The principal amount of notes purchased was US$103 million of
      4.5% notes due 2021, US$471 million of 4.75% notes due 2022, and US$426 million of 3.75% notes due 2023. The
      total cost of the purchases, which were funded from cash on hand, including the premiums, was US$1.01 billion. We
      recorded an expense of $26 million in non-operating income (expense) (Note 11) in connection with these purchases.

      b) Debt Transactions – 2017

      During the year ended December 31, 2017, we purchased US$1.26 billion aggregate principal amount of our outstanding
      notes pursuant to cash tender offers, make-whole redemptions and open-market purchases. The principal amount of
      notes purchased was US$278 million of 3.00% notes due 2019, US$280 million of 4.50% notes due January 2021,
      US$650 million of 8.00% notes due June 2021 (June 2021 notes), US$28 million of 4.75% notes due 2022 and US$24
      million of 3.75% notes due 2023. The total cost of the purchases, which was funded from cash on hand, including the
      premiums, was US$1.36 billion. We recorded an expense of $216 million in non-operating income (expense) (Note 11) in
      connection with these purchases for the year ended December 31, 2017. The accounting charge of $216 million included
      $75 million relating to the write-off of the prepayment option recorded in other assets for the June 2021 notes (Note 28(c)).




108   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
c) Finance Lease Liabilities

As at December 31, 2018, the carrying amount of assets under finance leases was $613 million (2017 – $406 million)
(Note 16(b)) and the corresponding finance lease liabilities were $338 million (2017 – $313 million).

Minimum lease payments in respect of finance lease liabilities and the effect of discounting are as follows:

                                                                                        December 31, December 31,
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                            2018         2017
Undiscounted minimum finance lease payments:
 Less than one year                                                                       $            50    $        51
 One to five years                                                                                    147            134
 Thereafter                                                                                           556           554
                                                                                                      753           739
Effect of discounting                                                                             (415)             (426)
Present value of minimum finance lease payments – total finance lease liabilities                     338            313
Less current portion                                                                                  (32)           (27)
Long-term finance lease liabilities                                                       $           306    $      286

The present value of finance lease liabilities and their expected timing of payment are as follows:

                                                                                        December 31, December 31,
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                            2018         2017
Less than one year                                                                        $            46    $        48
One to five years                                                                                     114            106
Thereafter                                                                                            178            159
Total                                                                                     $           338    $       313

Fort Hills entered into a service agreement in 2017 with TransCanada Corp. for the operation of the Northern Courier
Pipeline to transport bitumen between Fort Hills and Fort McMurray, Alberta, for a period of 25 years with an option
to renew for four additional five-year periods. As at December 31, 2018, our share of the related lease liability was
$207 million (2017 – $229 million).

d) Optional Redemptions
All of our outstanding notes, except the 2024 notes, are redeemable at any time by repaying the greater of the
principal amount and the present value of the sum of the remaining scheduled principal and interest amounts
discounted at a comparable treasury yield plus a stipulated spread, plus, in each case, accrued interest to, but not
including, the date of redemption. In addition, the 2023, 2042 and 2043 notes issued in 2012 are callable at 100%
(plus accrued interest to, but not including, the date of redemption) at any time on or after November 1, 2022,
September 1, 2041, and August 1, 2042, respectively. The 2022 and 2041 notes issued in 2011 are callable at 100%
at any time on or after October 15, 2021, and January 15, 2041, respectively. The January 2021 notes are callable at
100% on or after October 15, 2020, and the 2040 notes are callable at 100% on or after February 15, 2040. The 2024
notes issued in 2016 are callable on or after June 1, 2019 at predefined prices based on the date of redemption.
Prior to June 1, 2019, the 2024 notes can be redeemed in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the principal
amount plus accrued interest to, but not including, the date of redemption and a make-whole call premium.




                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements   109
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      19. Debt (continued)
      e) Revolving Facilities

      On November 23, 2018, we completed several amendments to our two committed revolving credit facilities.
      The size of our US$3.0 billion facility was increased to US$4.0 billion and its maturity was extended to November 2023.
      The size of our US$1.2 billion facility was reduced to US$600 million and its maturity was extended to November
      2021. In addition, guarantees from material subsidiaries of our obligations under the facilities were released.

      At December 31, 2018, the US$4.0 billion facility maturing November 2023 was undrawn and the US$600 million
      facility maturing November 2021 had an aggregate of US$573 million in outstanding letters of credit drawn against it.

      Any amounts drawn under the committed revolving credit facilities can be repaid at any time and are due in full at
      maturity. Amounts outstanding under these facilities bear interest at LIBOR plus an applicable margin based on credit
      ratings. Both facilities require that our net debt-to-capitalization ratio, which was 0.13 to 1.0 at December 31, 2018,
      not exceed 0.55 to 1.0.

      When our credit ratings are below investment grade, we are required to satisfy financial security requirements under
      power purchase agreements at Quebrada Blanca and transportation, tank storage and pipeline capacity agreements
      for our interest in Fort Hills. At December 31, 2018, we had an aggregate of US$822 million in letters of credit
      outstanding for these security requirements. These letters of credit will be terminated if and when we regain
      investment grade ratings and for the power purchase agreements will also be reduced, if, and when, certain project
      milestones are reached.

      We maintain uncommitted bilateral credit facilities primarily for the issuance of letters of credit to support our future
      reclamation obligations. As at December 31, 2018, we were party to various uncommitted credit facilities providing for
      a total of $2.15 billion of capacity, and the aggregate outstanding letters of credit issued thereunder were $1.82 billion.
      In addition to the letters of credit outstanding under these uncommitted credit facilities, we also had stand-alone
      letters of credit of $369 million outstanding at December 31, 2018, which were not issued under a credit facility.
      These uncommitted credit facilities and stand-alone letters of credit are typically renewed on an annual basis.

      We also have $350 million in surety bonds outstanding at December 31, 2018, to support current and future
      reclamation obligations.

      f) Scheduled Principal Payments

      At December 31, 2018, the scheduled principal payments excluding finance lease liabilities (c), during the next five
      years and thereafter are as follows:

                                                                                                                       CAD$
      ($ in millions)                                                                                    US$       Equivalent

      2019                                                                                        $          –     $          –
      2020                                                                                                 23                31
      2021                                                                                                117              159
      2022                                                                                                202              275
      2023                                                                                                220              300
      Thereafter                                                                                        3,270            4,462
                                                                                                  $     3,832      $     5,227




110   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
g) Debt Continuity

($ in millions)                                                   US$                       CAD$ Equivalent
                                                              2018            2017             2018              2017

As at January 1                                        $     5,077      $    6,213     $      6,369      $      8,343
Cash flows
 Scheduled debt repayments                                     (22)            (49)             (28)              (64)
 Debt repurchases                                           (1,015)          (1,356)         (1,328)           (1,831)
 Finance lease payments (c)                                    (42)             (26)            (54)              (34)
Non-cash changes
 Loss on debt repurchases (a)(b)                                20             105               26               141
 Changes in foreign exchange rates                             (20)               –             472              (424)
 Finance lease liabilities (c)                                  60             187               78               234
 Finance fees and discount amortization                          –                3                1                 4
 Other                                                         (12)               –             (17)                 –
As at December 31                                      $     4,046      $    5,077     $      5,519      $      6,369



20. Income Taxes

a) Provision for Income Taxes

                                                                                               2018               2017
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                                           (restated)
Current
 Current taxes on profits for the year                                                 $        697      $      1,009
 Adjustments for current taxes of prior periods                                                   (6)              (15)
Total current taxes                                                                    $        691      $        994
Deferred
 Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                     $        686      $        436
 Adjustments to deferred taxes of prior periods                                                 (16)               23
 Tax losses not recognized (recognition of previously unrecognized losses)                         4                (9)
  Effect due to tax legislative changes                                                            –               (19)
Total deferred taxes                                                                   $        674      $        431

                                                                                       $      1,365      $      1,425




                                                                                       Consolidated Financial Statements   111
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      20. Income Taxes (continued)
      b) Reconciliation of income taxes calculated at the Canadian statutory income tax rate to the actual provision for
         income taxes is as follows:

                                                                                                       2018              2017
      (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                            (restated)
      Tax expense at the Canadian statutory income tax rate of
       27% (2017 – 26.10%)                                                                      $     1,217     $      1,021
         Tax effect of:
         Resource taxes                                                                                 360                368
         Resource and depletion allowances                                                              (80)               (127)
         Non-temporary differences including one-half of capital gains and losses                      (157)                14
         Tax pools not recognized (recognition of previously unrecognized tax pools)                      4                  (9)
         Effect due to tax legislative changes                                                            –                 (13)
         Withholding taxes                                                                               47                 57
         Difference in tax rates in foreign jurisdictions                                                 2                129
         Revisions to prior year estimates                                                              (21)                12
         Other                                                                                            (7)               (27)
                                                                                                $     1,365     $      1,425


      c) The amount of deferred tax expense charged (credited) to the income statement is as follows:

                                                                                                       2018              2017
      (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                            (restated)
      Net operating loss carryforwards                                                          $       234     $          127
      Capital allowances in excess of depreciation                                                      (92)               775
      Decommissioning and restoration provisions                                                        264             (393)
      U.S. alternative minimum tax credits                                                              105                 (31)
      Unrealized foreign exchange losses                                                                (11)                89
      Withholding taxes                                                                                  25                 (10)
      Inventories                                                                                        32                 (12)
      Other temporary differences                                                                       117                (114)
                                                                                                $       674     $          431




112   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
d) Temporary differences giving rise to deferred income tax assets and liabilities are as follows:

                                                                        December 31,      December 31,           January 1,
                                                                              2018                2017                2017
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                           (restated)           (restated)
Net operating loss carryforwards                                          $       139      $          58     $          32
Property, plant and equipment                                                     (130)              (189)              35
Decommissioning and restoration provisions                                          94                 78                 –
U.S. alternative minimum tax credits                                                 –               143                  –
Other temporary differences                                                         57                64                45
Deferred income tax assets                                                $       160      $         154     $         112

Net operating loss carryforwards                                          $      (750)     $    (1,065)      $       (1,218)
Property, plant and equipment                                                   7,422            7,390               6,881
Decommissioning and restoration provisions                                        (474)              (754)            (439)
U.S. alternative minimum tax credits                                               (38)                 –              (112)
Unrealized foreign exchange                                                       (146)              (135)            (224)
Withholding taxes                                                                 104                  79               89
Inventories                                                                         97                65                77
Other temporary differences                                                        116                 (1)              32
Deferred income tax liabilities                                           $     6,331      $     5,579       $       5,086

e) The movement in the net deferred income taxes account is as follows:

                                                                                                     2018              2017
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                                                (restated)
As at January 1                                                                            $     5,425       $       4,974
Income statement change                                                                              674               431
Tax charge relating to components of other comprehensive income                                       (47)              90
Foreign exchange and other differences                                                                119              (70)
As at December 31                                                                          $      6,171      $       5,425

f) Deferred Tax Liabilities Not Recognized

Deferred tax liabilities of approximately $745 million (2017 – $694 million) have not been recognized on the unremitted
foreign earnings associated with investments in subsidiaries and interests in joint arrangements where we are in a
position to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences, and it is probable that such differences will
not reverse in the foreseeable future.

g) Loss Carryforwards and Canadian Development Expenses

At December 31, 2018, we had $2.91 billion of Canadian federal net operating loss carryforwards (2017 – $3.63 billion).
These loss carryforwards expire at various dates between 2029 and 2038. We have $685 million of cumulative
Canadian development expenses at December 31, 2018 (2017 – $981 million), which are deductible for income tax
purposes on a declining balance basis at a maximum rate of 30% per year. The deferred tax benefits of these pools
have been recognized. In addition, we have $106 million (2017 – $104 million) of Canadian federal and provincial
investment tax credits that expire at various dates between 2022 and 2038.




                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements    113
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      20. Income Taxes (continued)
      h) Deferred Tax Assets Not Recognized

      We have not recognized $239 million (2017 – $231 million) of deferred tax assets associated with unused tax credits
      and tax pools in entities and jurisdictions that do not have established sources of taxable income.

      i)   Scope of Antamina’s Peruvian Tax Stability Agreement

      Subsequent to year end, the Peruvian tax authority, La Superintendencia Nacional de Aduanas y de Administración
      Tributaria (SUNAT), issued an income tax assessment to Antamina (our joint operation in which we own a 22.5% share)
      denying its accelerated depreciation allowance on costs incurred in 2013 related to the expansion of the Antamina
      mine, as provided under Antamina’s tax stability agreement. If the assessment is sustained, our indirect share of the
      current tax debt that Antamina may have to pay, including interest and penalties, is estimated to be approximately
      $40 million (US$30 million). However, since these items are mainly a matter of timing rather than the ultimate liability,
      the resulting charge to our earnings would be approximately $20 million (US$15 million) consisting of interest and
      penalties. If SUNAT’s view on the scope of the tax stability agreement were sustained and extended to 2015 (being
      the last year of tax stability), our indirect share of the tax debt that Antamina may have to pay, including interest and
      penalties, could reach about $125 million (US$94 million) and the charge to our earnings could reach about $60
      million (US$45 million). Based on opinions from Peruvian counsel, we believe that Antamina’s original filing positions
      will ultimately prevail and Antamina will appeal the 2013 income tax assessment in due course. As a result, we have
      not provided for this matter in our financial statements as at December 31, 2018.


      21. Retirement Benefit Plans
      We have defined contribution pension plans for certain groups of employees. Our share of contributions to these plans
      is expensed in the year earned by employees.

      We have multiple defined benefit pension plans registered in various jurisdictions that provide benefits based
      principally on employees’ years of service and average annual remuneration. These plans are only available to certain
      qualifying employees, and some are now closed to additional members. The plans are “flat-benefit” or “final-pay”
      plans and may provide for inflationary increases in accordance with certain plan provisions. All of our registered
      defined benefit pension plans are governed and administered in accordance with applicable pension legislation in
      either Canada or the United States. Actuarial valuations are performed at least every three years to determine
      minimum annual contribution requirements as prescribed by applicable legislation. For the majority of our plans,
      current service costs are funded based on a percentage of pensionable earnings or as a flat dollar amount per active
      member depending on the provisions of the pension plans. Actuarial deficits are funded in accordance with minimum
      funding regulations in each applicable jurisdiction. All of our defined benefit pension plans were actuarially valued
      within the past three years. While the majority of benefit payments are made from registered held-in-trust funds,
      there are also several unregistered and unfunded plans where benefit payment obligations are met as they fall due.

      We also have several post-retirement benefit plans that provide post-retirement medical, dental and life insurance
      benefits to certain qualifying employees and surviving spouses. These plans are unfunded, and we meet benefit
      obligations as they come due.




114   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
a) Actuarial Valuation of Plans

(CAD$ in millions)                                                  2018                              2017
                                                             Defined    Non-Pension           Defined      Non-Pension
                                                              Benefit           Post-          Benefit             Post-
                                                             Pension     Retirement           Pension       Retirement
                                                               Plans    Benefit Plans           Plans      Benefit Plans
Defined benefit obligation
 Balance at beginning of year                            $     2,224       $      455     $      2,106       $       538
 Current service cost                                             50               19                48               24
 Past service costs arising from plan improvements                 –                –                10                –
 Benefits paid                                                  (139)             (19)            (153)              (23)
 Interest expense                                                 73               17                79               22
 Obligation experience adjustments                                26              (30)               27              (22)
 Effect from change in financial assumptions                    (127)             (35)             119                25
 Effect from change in demographic assumptions                     4              (20)                –             (104)
 Changes in foreign exchange rates                                14                5               (12)              (5)
 Balance at end of year                                        2,125              392            2,224              455
Fair value of plan assets
 Fair value at beginning of year                               2,510                –            2,342                 –
 Interest income                                                  82                –               88                 –
 Return on plan assets, excluding amounts
   included in interest income                                   (84)               –              212                 –
 Benefits paid                                                  (139)             (19)            (153)              (23)
 Contributions by the employer                                    42               19                31               23
 Changes in foreign exchange rates                                12                –               (10)               –
 Fair value at end of year                                     2,423                –            2,510                 –
Funding surplus (deficit)                                        298             (392)             286              (455)
Less effect of the asset ceiling
 Balance at beginning of year                                     44                –                58                –
 Interest on asset ceiling                                         1                –                 3                –
 Change in asset ceiling                                          89                –               (17)               –
 Balance at end of year                                          134                –               44                 –
Net accrued retirement benefit asset (liability)         $       164       $     (392)    $        242       $      (455)

Represented by:
 Pension assets (Note 14)                                $       254       $        –     $        339       $         –
 Accrued retirement benefit liability                            (90)            (392)             (97)             (455)
Net accrued retirement benefit asset (liability)         $       164       $     (392)    $        242       $      (455)

A number of the plans have a surplus totalling $134 million at December 31, 2018 (December 31, 2017 – $44 million),
which is not recognized on the basis that future economic benefits are not available to us in the form of a reduction in
future contributions or a cash refund.

In 2018, we recorded a $19 million gain (2017 – $104 million) through other comprehensive income (loss) as a result of
changes in assumptions related to a reduction in future Medical Services Plan premiums required for post-retirement
benefit plan members in the province of British Columbia.


                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements   115
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      21. Retirement Benefit Plans (continued)
      We expect to contribute $22 million to our defined benefit pension plans in 2019 based on minimum funding
      requirements. The weighted average duration of the defined benefit pension obligation is 14 years and the weighted
      average duration of the non-pension post-retirement benefit obligation is 16 years.

      Defined contribution expense for 2018 was $47 million (2017 – $44 million).

      b) Significant Assumptions

      The discount rate used to determine the defined benefit obligations and the net interest cost was determined by
      reference to the market yields on high-quality debt instruments at the measurement date with durations similar to
      the duration of the expected cash flows of the plans.

      Weighted average assumptions used to calculate the defined benefit obligation at the end of each year are as follows:

                                                                           2018                              2017
                                                                 Defined     Non-Pension            Defined     Non-Pension
                                                                  Benefit            Post-           Benefit            Post-
                                                                 Pension      Retirement            Pension      Retirement
                                                                   Plans     Benefit Plans            Plans     Benefit Plans

      Discount rate                                                3.78%             3.88%            3.36%             3.44%
      Rate of increase in future compensation                      3.25%             3.25%            3.25%             3.25%
      Medical trend rate                                               –             5.00%               –              5.00%


      c) Sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to changes in the weighted average assumptions:

                                                                                             2018

                                                                           Effect on Defined Benefit Obligation
                                                               Change in                Increase in                 Decrease in
                                                              Assumption               Assumption                   Assumption

      Discount rate                                                  1.0%         Decrease by 12%            Increase by 14%
      Rate of increase in future compensation                        1.0%           Increase by 1%           Decrease by 1%
      Medical cost claim trend rate                                  1.0%           Increase by 1%           Decrease by 1%


                                                                                             2017

                                                                           Effect on Defined Benefit Obligation
                                                               Change in                Increase in                 Decrease in
                                                              Assumption               Assumption                   Assumption

      Discount rate                                                 1.0%          Decrease by 15%            Increase by 17%
      Rate of increase in future compensation                       1.0%            Increase by 1%           Decrease by 1%
      Medical cost claim trend rate                                 1.0%            Increase by 2%           Decrease by 2%


      The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in each actuarial assumption while holding all other assumptions
      constant. The sensitivity analyses on our defined benefit obligation are calculated using the same methods as those
      used for calculating the defined benefit obligation recognized on our balance sheet. The methods and types of
      assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analyses did not change from the prior period.




116   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
d) Mortality Assumptions

Assumptions regarding future mortality are set based on management’s best estimate in accordance with published
mortality tables and expected experience. These assumptions translate into the following average life expectancies
for an employee retiring at age 65:

                                                                         2018                                    2017
                                                                  Male            Female                  Male            Female
Retiring at the end of the reporting period                  85.2 years         87.7 years          85.2 years          87.6 years
Retiring 20 years after the end of the reporting period      86.3 years         88.6 years          86.3 years          88.6 years

e) Significant Risks
The defined benefit pension plans and post-retirement benefit plans expose us to a number of risks, the most
significant of which include asset volatility risk, changes in bond yields, and an increase in life expectancy.

Asset volatility risk
The discount rate used to determine the defined benefit obligations is based on AA-rated corporate bond yields.
If our plan assets underperform this yield, the deficit will increase. Our strategic asset allocation includes a significant
proportion of equities that increases volatility in the value of our assets, particularly in the short term. We expect
equities to outperform corporate bonds in the long term.

Changes in bond yields
A decrease in bond yields increases plan liabilities, which are partially offset by an increase in the value of the plans’
bond holdings.

Life expectancy
The majority of the plans’ obligations are to provide benefits for the life of the member. Increases in life expectancy
will result in an increase in the plans’ liabilities.

f) Investment of Plan Assets
The assets of our defined benefit pension plans are managed by external asset managers under the oversight of the
Teck Resources Limited Executive Pension Committee.
Our pension plan investment strategies support the objectives of each defined benefit plan and are related to each
plan’s demographics and timing of expected benefit payments to plan members. The objective for the plan asset
portfolios is to achieve annualized portfolio returns over five-year periods in excess of the annualized percentage
change in the Consumer Price Index plus a certain premium.
Strategic asset allocation policies have been developed for each defined benefit plan to achieve this objective.
The policies also reflect an asset/liability matching framework that seeks to reduce the effect of interest rate changes
on each plan’s funded status by matching the duration of the bond investments with the duration of the pension
liabilities. We do not use derivatives to manage interest risk. Asset allocation is monitored at least quarterly and
rebalanced if the allocation to any asset class exceeds its allowable allocation range. Portfolio and investment manager
performance is monitored quarterly and the investment guidelines for each plan are reviewed at least annually.
The defined benefit pension plan assets at December 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:

(CAD$ in millions)                                    2018                                               2017
                                      Quoted      Unquoted           Total %          Quoted         Unquoted             Total %
Equity securities                 $      850      $          –           35%      $    1,184         $            –          47%
Debt securities                   $    1,225      $          –           51%      $      935         $            –          37%
Real estate and other             $       91      $       257            14%      $          74      $          317          16%



                                                                                                  Consolidated Financial Statements   117
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      22. Provisions and Other Liabilities

                                                                                                 December 31,   December 31,
      (CAD$ in millions)                                                                               2018           2017
      Provisions (a)                                                                              $    1,653     $    1,905
      Derivative liabilities (net of current portion of $6 (2017 – $nil))                                 39             43
      IMSA payable                                                                                        58              –
      Other                                                                                               42             29
                                                                                                  $    1,792     $    1,977


      a) Provisions

      The following table summarizes the movements in provisions for the year ended December 31, 2018:

                                                                       Decommissioning and
      (CAD$ in millions)                                               Restoration Provisions          Other          Total

      As at January 1, 2018                                                       $    1,844      $      194     $    2,038
      Settled during the year                                                            (76)            (29)          (105)
      Change in discount rate                                                           (409)              –           (409)
      Change in amount and timing of cash flows                                          111              18            129
      Accretion                                                                          101               2            103
      Other                                                                                (2)             –             (2)
      Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                   45               9             54
      As at December 31, 2018                                                           1,614            194          1,808
      Less current portion of provisions (Note 18)                                        (91)           (64)          (155)
      Long-term provisions                                                        $    1,523      $      130     $    1,653


      During the year ended December 31, 2018, we recorded $33 million (2017 – $121 million) of additional study and
      environmental costs arising from legal obligations through other provisions.

      Decommissioning and Restoration Provisions

      The decommissioning and restoration provisions represent the present value of estimated costs for required future
      decommissioning and other site restoration activities. The majority of the decommissioning and site restoration
      expenditures occur at the end of, or after, the life of the related operation. Our provision for these expenditures was
      $1,160 million as at December 31, 2018. After the end of the life of certain operations, water quality management
      costs may extend for periods in excess of 100 years. Our provision for these expenditures was $454 million as at
      December 31, 2018. In 2018, the decommissioning and restoration provision was calculated using nominal discount rates
      between 6.49% and 7.99%. We also used an inflation rate of 2.00% in our cash flow estimates. The decommissioning
      and restoration provision includes $249 million (2017 – $270 million) in respect of closed operations.




118   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
23. Equity

a) Authorized Share Capital
Our authorized share capital consists of an unlimited number of Class A common shares without par value, an
unlimited number of Class B subordinate voting shares (Class B shares) without par value and an unlimited number
of preferred shares without par value issuable in series.
Class A common shares carry the right to 100 votes per share. Class B shares carry the right to one vote per share.
Each Class A common share is convertible, at the option of the holder, into one Class B share. In all other respects,
the Class A common shares and Class B shares rank equally.
The attributes of the Class B subordinate voting shares contain so-called “coattail provisions,” which provide that, in
the event that an offer (an “Exclusionary Offer”) to purchase Class A common shares, which is required to be made
to all or substantially all holders thereof, is not made concurrently with an offer to purchase Class B subordinate voting
shares on identical terms, then each Class B subordinate voting share will be convertible into one Class A common
share at the option of the holder during a certain period provided that any Class A common shares received upon such
conversion are deposited to the Exclusionary Offer. Any Class B subordinate voting shares converted into Class A
common shares pursuant to such conversion right will automatically convert back to Class B subordinate voting shares
in the event that any such shares are withdrawn from the Exclusionary Offer or not otherwise ultimately taken up and
paid for under the Exclusionary Offer.
The Class B subordinate voting shares will not be convertible in the event that holders of a majority of the Class A
common shares (excluding those shares held by the offeror making the Exclusionary Offer) certify to Teck that they
will not, among other things, tender their Class A common shares to the Exclusionary Offer.
If an offer to purchase Class A common shares does not, under applicable securities legislation or the requirements of
any stock exchange having jurisdiction, constitute a “take-over bid” or is otherwise exempt from any requirement that
such offer be made to all or substantially all holders of Class A common shares, the coattail provisions will not apply.
b) Class A Common Shares and Class B Subordinate Voting Shares Issued and Outstanding

                                                                                              Class A       Class B
                                                                                             Common Subordinate
Shares (in 000’s)                                                                              Shares Voting Shares
As at January 1, 2017                                                                            9,353          567,546
Class A shares conversion                                                                        (1,576)           1,576
Options exercised (c)                                                                                 –            2,275
Acquired and cancelled pursuant to normal course issuer bid (h)                                       –           (5,891)
As at December 31, 2017                                                                          7,777         565,506
Class A shares conversion                                                                            (9)              9
Options exercised (c)                                                                                 –           3,710
Acquired and cancelled pursuant to normal course issuer bid (h)                                       –          (6,300)
As at December 31, 2018                                                                          7,768          562,925

During the year ended December 31, 2017, 1,576,166 Class A common shares were converted into the same
number of Class B subordinate voting shares. As a result of this conversion, the percentage of total votes attached
to outstanding Class A common shares was reduced from 62.2% to 57.7%.
c) Share Options
The maximum number of Class B shares issuable to full-time employees pursuant to options granted under our
current stock option plan is 28 million. As at December 31, 2018, 3,443,007 share options remain available for grant.
The exercise price for each option is the closing price for our Class B shares on the last trading day before the date
of grant. Our share options are settled through the issuance of Class B shares.



                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements   119
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      23. Equity (continued)

      During the year ended December 31, 2018, we granted 1,575,355 Class B share options to employees. These share options
      have a weighted average exercise price of $37.44, vest in equal amounts over three years, and have a term of 10 years.
      The weighted average fair value of Class B share options granted in the year was estimated at $11.10 per option
      (2017 – $8.32) at the grant date based on the Black-Scholes option-pricing model using the following assumptions:

                                                                                                         2018               2017

      Weighted average exercise price                                                            $      37.44       $       27.79
      Dividend yield                                                                                   2.67%               2.20%
      Risk-free interest rate                                                                          2.06%               1.06%
      Expected option life                                                                           4.2 years          4.2 years
      Expected volatility                                                                                41%                42%
      Forfeiture rate                                                                                  0.54%               0.36%


      The expected volatility is based on a statistical analysis of historical daily share prices over a period equal to the
      expected option life.

      Outstanding share options are as follows:

                                                                          2018                               2017
                                                                                     Weighted                           Weighted
                                                                     Share            Average           Share            Average
                                                                   Options            Exercise        Options            Exercise
                                                                  (in 000’s)             Price       (in 000’s)             Price

      Outstanding at beginning of year                              22,068       $       19.52         22,854       $      18.38
      Granted                                                        1,575               37.44          2,011               27.79
      Exercised                                                     (3,710)              14.58         (2,275)              11.47
      Forfeited                                                        (107)            32.92             (78)              16.25
      Expired                                                           (51)             37.56           (444)             40.40
      Outstanding at end of year                                    19,775       $       21.75         22,068       $       19.52

      Vested and exercisable at end of year                         14,036       $      22.83          12,266       $      24.94


      The average share price during the year was $32.55 (2017 – $27.86).

      Information relating to share options outstanding at December 31, 2018, is as follows:

                                                                     Exercise              Weighted Average Remaining Life
      Outstanding Share Options (in 000’s)                       Price Range                of Outstanding Options (months)
                         6,411                            $    4.15 – $ 12.35                              78
                        3,634                             $   12.36 – $ 20.14                              71
                         2,218                            $   20.15 – $ 26.79                              59
                        4,386                             $ 26.80 – $ 36.85                                63
                         3,126                            $ 36.86 – $ 58.80                                68
                        19,775                            $    4.15 – $ 58.80                              70


      Total share option compensation expense recognized for the year was $17 million (2017 – $17 million).



120   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
d) Deferred Share Units, Restricted Share Units, Performance Share Units and Performance Deferred Share Units

We have issued and outstanding deferred share units (DSUs), restricted share units (RSUs), performance share units
(PSUs) and performance deferred share units (PDSUs) (collectively, Units).

As of 2017, DSUs are granted to directors only. RSUs are granted to both employees and directors. PSUs and PDSUs
are granted to certain officers only. DSUs entitle the holder to a cash payment equal to the closing price of one
Class B subordinate voting share on the Toronto Stock Exchange on the day prior to exercise. RSUs entitle the holder
to a cash payment equal to the weighted average trading price of one Class B share on the Toronto Stock Exchange
over either 10 or 20 consecutive trading days prior to the payout date, depending on the date issued. PSUs granted
prior to 2017 vest in a percentage of the original grant varying from 0% to 200% based on our total shareholder return
ranking compared to a group of specified companies. PSUs issued in 2018 and 2017 vest in a percentage from 0%
to 200% based on both relative total shareholder return and a calculation based on the change in EBITDA over the
vesting period divided by the change in a weighted commodity price index. Once vested, PSUs entitle the holder to
a cash payment equal to the weighted average trading price of one Class B subordinate voting share on the Toronto
Stock Exchange over either 10 or 20 consecutive trading days prior to vesting, depending on the date issued. Officers
granted PSUs in 2018 and 2017 can elect on the grant date to receive PSUs or PDSUs, which pay out following
termination of employment as described below.

RSUs, PSUs, and PDSUs vest on December 20 in the year prior to the third anniversary of the grant date. DSUs
vest immediately for directors, and on the December 20 in the year prior to the third anniversary of the grant date
for employees. Units vest on a pro rata basis if employees retire or are terminated without cause, and unvested
units are forfeited if employees resign or are terminated with cause.

DSUs and PDSUs may be exercised on or before December 15 of the first calendar year commencing after the date
on which the participant ceases to be a director or employee. RSUs and PSUs pay out on the vesting date.

Additional Units are issued to Unit holders to reflect dividends paid and other adjustments to Class B subordinate
voting shares.

In 2018, we recognized compensation expense of $42 million for Units (2017 – $108 million). The total liability and
intrinsic value for vested Units as at December 31, 2018 was $103 million (2017 – $185 million).

The outstanding Units are summarized in the following table:

(in 000’s)                                                          2018                             2017
                                                       Outstanding            Vested    Outstanding             Vested

DSUs                                                           2,644           2,644            2,648            2,423
RSUs                                                            821              381            2,823            1,699
PSUs                                                            667              312            1,517                869
PDSUs                                                           123               61               70                 20
                                                               4,255           3,398            7,058             5,011




                                                                                         Consolidated Financial Statements   121
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      23. Equity (continued)

      e) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                                                      2018              2017
      (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                           (restated)
      Accumulated other comprehensive income – beginning of year                                $      244     $        450
      IFRS 9 transition adjustment on January 1, 2018 (Note 32(c))                                      (34)               –
      Currency translation differences:
       Unrealized gains (losses) on translation of foreign subsidiaries                                638              (536)
       Foreign exchange differences on debt designated as a hedge of our
        investment in foreign subsidiaries (net of taxes of $40 and $(46))                             (255)             341
                                                                                                       383              (195)
      Marketable equity and debt securities (2017 – Available-for-sale financial assets):
       Unrealized loss on marketable equity and debt securities (2017 – available-for-sale
        financial assets) (net of taxes of $1 and $1)                                                   (10)              (4)
       Realized gain on marketable equity and debt securities (net of taxes of $nil and $nil)             1                –
       Realized loss on available-for-sale financial assets reclassified to profit
        (net of taxes of $nil and $1)                                                                     –               (6)
                                                                                                         (9)             (10)
       Share of other comprehensive loss of associates and joint ventures                                 –               (1)
       Remeasurements of retirement benefit plans (net of taxes of $(2) and $(55))                        8              129
      Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                                          382               (77)
      Less remeasurements of retirement benefit plans recorded in retained earnings                      (8)            (129)
      Accumulated other comprehensive income – end of year                                      $      584     $        244


      f) Earnings Per Share

      The following table reconciles our basic and diluted earnings per share:

                                                                                                      2018              2017
      (CAD$ in millions, except per share data)                                                                    (restated)
      Net basic and diluted profit attributable to shareholders of the company                  $     3,107    $      2,460

      Weighted average shares outstanding (000’s)                                                   573,905        577,482
      Dilutive effect of share options                                                                8,233           8,910
      Weighted average diluted shares outstanding (000’s)                                           582,138        586,392

      Basic earnings per share                                                                  $      5.41    $        4.26
      Diluted earnings per share                                                                $      5.34    $        4.19

      At December 31, 2018, 5,458,816 (2017 – 4,240,949) potentially dilutive shares were not included in the diluted
      earnings per share calculation because their effect was anti-dilutive.




122   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
g) Dividends

We declared and paid dividends on our Class A common and Class B subordinate voting shares of $0.05 per share
in each of the first three quarters of 2018, $0.15 per share in the fourth quarter of 2018 and $0.10, $0.05 and
$0.45 per share in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2017, respectively.

h) Normal Course Issuer Bid

On occasion, we purchase and cancel Class B subordinate voting shares pursuant to normal course issuer bids
that allow us to purchase up to a specified maximum number of shares over a one-year period.

In 2018, we purchased 6,539,558 Class B subordinate voting shares under our normal course issuer bids. As at
December 31, 2018, of the shares repurchased, 6,299,558 shares have been cancelled and 240,000 shares are
pending cancellation.


24. Non-Controlling Interests
Set out below is information about our subsidiaries with non-controlling interests and the non-controlling interest
balances included in equity.

                                                                        Percentage of
                                                                           Ownership
                                                                          Interest and
                                                                        Voting Rights
                                                                         Held by Non-
                                                     Principal Place       Controlling    December 31, December 31,
(CAD$ in millions)                                      of Business           Interest          2018         2017

Carmen de Andacollo                                  Region IV, Chile             10%      $         32      $         34
Quebrada Blanca (a)                                   Region I, Chile             10%                 10               30
Elkview Mine Limited Partnership           British Columbia, Canada                5%                59                53
Compañia Minera Zafranal S.A.C.               Arequipa Region, Peru               20%                33                25
                                                                                           $        134      $        142


a) During the year ended December 31, 2018, we acquired an additional 13.5% interest in QBSA (Note 5(a)).
   The total fair value of the transaction of $175 million was recorded as a reduction of our non-controlling interests
   by $16 million and equity by $159 million.




                                                                                           Consolidated Financial Statements   123
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      25. Contingencies
      We consider provisions for all of our outstanding and pending legal claims to be adequate. The final outcome with
      respect to actions outstanding or pending as at December 31, 2018, or with respect to future claims, cannot be predicted
      with certainty. Significant contingencies not disclosed elsewhere in the notes to our financial statements are as follows:

      Upper Columbia River Basin
      Teck American Inc. (TAI) continues studies under the 2006 settlement agreement with the U.S. Environmental
      Protection Agency (EPA) to conduct a remedial investigation on the Upper Columbia River in Washington state.
      Residential soil testing within the study site has identified certain properties where remediation is required. TAI and
      EPA have reached an agreement regarding remediation to be undertaken, and that work is ongoing.

      The Lake Roosevelt litigation involving TML in the Federal District Court for the Eastern District of Washington continues.
      In September 2012, TML entered into an agreement with the plaintiffs, agreeing that certain facts were established for
      purposes of the litigation. The agreement stipulated that some portion of the slag discharged from TML’s Trail Operations
      into the Columbia River between 1896 and 1995, and some portion of the effluent discharged from Trail Operations,
      have been transported to and are present in the Upper Columbia River in the United States, and that some hazardous
      substances from the slag and effluent have been released into the environment within the United States. In December
      2012, the Court found in favour of the plaintiffs in phase one of the case, issuing a declaratory judgment that TML is
      liable under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) for response
      costs, the amount of which will be determined in later phases of the case. In August 2016 the District Court ruled in
      favour of the Tribal plaintiffs awarding approximately US$9 million in past response costs and TML appealed that
      decision, along with certain other findings in the first phase of the case, in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which
      upheld the trial court ruling in September 2018. TML applied for rehearing of the Ninth Circuit ruling, which was
      denied, and is seeking leave to appeal certain findings in phase one of the case to the United States Supreme Court.

      A District Court ruling in favour of plaintiffs on a motion seeking recovery from TML for environmental response costs,
      and in a subsequent proceeding, natural resource damages and assessment costs, arising from the alleged deposition
      of hazardous substances in the United States from aerial emissions from TML’s Trail Operations was overturned on
      appeal in the Ninth Circuit in July 2016, with the result that alleged damages associated with air emissions are no
      longer part of the case.

      A hearing with respect to natural resource damages and assessment costs is expected to follow resolution of appeals
      with respect to issues raised in the first phase of the litigation and completion of the remedial investigation and
      Feasibility Study being undertaken by TAI.

      There is no assurance that we will ultimately be successful in our defence of the litigation or that we or our affiliates
      will not be faced with further liability in relation to this matter. Until the studies contemplated by the EPA settlement
      agreement and additional damage assessments are completed, it is not possible to estimate the extent and cost, if
      any, of any additional remediation or restoration that may be required or to assess our potential liability for damages.
      The studies may conclude, on the basis of risk, cost, technical feasibility or other grounds, that no remediation other
      than some residential soil removal should be undertaken. If other remediation is required and damage to resources
      found, the cost of that remediation may be material.

      Elk Valley Water Quality
      During the year ended December 31, 2018, Teck Coal Limited (TCL) received notice from Canadian federal prosecutors
      of potential charges under the Fisheries Act in connection with discharges of selenium and calcite from coal mines
      in the Elk Valley. Since 2014, compliance limits and site performance objectives for selenium and other constituents,
      as well as requirements to address calcite, in surface water throughout the Elk Valley and in the Koocanusa Reservoir
      have been established under a regional permit issued by the provincial government in British Columbia. This permit
      references the Elk Valley Water Quality Plan, an area-based management plan developed by Teck in accordance with a
      2013 Order of the British Columbia Minister of Environment. If federal charges are laid, potential penalties may include
      fines as well as orders with respect to operational matters. It is not possible at this time to fully assess the viability
      of TCL’s potential defences to any charges, or to estimate the potential financial impact on TCL of any conviction.
      Nonetheless, that impact may be material.


124   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
26. Commitments

a) Capital Commitments

As at December 31, 2018, we had contracted for $724 million of capital expenditures that have not yet been incurred
for the purchase of property, plant and equipment. This amount includes $562 million for QB2, $113 million for our
steelmaking coal operations and $49 million for our 22.5% share of Antamina. The amount includes $638 million that
is expected to be incurred within one year and $86 million within two to five years.

b) Operating Lease Commitments

We lease office premises, mining equipment and rail facilities under operating leases. The terms of these leases are
up to 17 years.

TAK leases road and port facilities from the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority, through which it ships
all concentrates produced at the Red Dog Operations. The lease requires TAK to pay a minimum annual user fee of
US$18 million for the next four years and US$6 million for the following 18 years, totalling US$173 million over 22 years.

The future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

(CAD$ in millions)                                                                                 2018              2017

Less than one year                                                                          $       113      $         93
One to five years                                                                                   162               179
Thereafter                                                                                          164               327
                                                                                            $       439      $       599


Total operating lease expenses were $118 million (2017 – $113 million). This consists of $13 million (2017 – $13 million)
for office premises, $66 million (2017 – $60 million) for mining equipment, $6 million (2017 – $12 million) for rail
facilities and $33 million (2017 – $28 million) for road and port facilities.

c) Red Dog Royalty

In accordance with the operating agreement governing the Red Dog mine, TAK pays a royalty to NANA Regional
Corporation, Inc. (NANA) on the net proceeds of production. A 25% royalty became payable in the third quarter of 2007
after we had recovered cumulative advance royalties previously paid to NANA. The net proceeds of production royalty
rate will increase by 5% every fifth year to a maximum of 50%. The increase to 35% of net proceeds of production
occurred in the fourth quarter of 2017. An expense of US$252 million was recorded in 2018 (2017 – US$324 million)
in respect of this royalty.

d) Antamina Royalty

Our interest in the Antamina mine is subject to a net profits royalty equivalent to 7.4% of our share of the mine’s free
cash flow. An expense of $25 million was recorded in 2018 (2017 – $28 million) in respect of this royalty.

e) Purchase Commitments

We have a number of forward purchase commitments for the purchase of concentrates and other process inputs,
and for shipping and distribution of products, which are incurred in the normal course of business. The majority of
these contracts are subject to force majeure provisions.

We have contractual arrangements for the purchase of 240 megawatts of power for the expansion of our Quebrada
Blanca Operations. These contracts contain monthly fixed prices and variable prices per hour and were effective from
dates between November 2016 and January 2018. We also have a contractual arrangement to purchase power for our
Trail Operations for 20 years, with an option to extend for a further 10 years. This arrangement requires a payment of
$75 million per year, escalating at 2% per year (Note 5(b)).



                                                                                           Consolidated Financial Statements   125
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      27. Segmented Information
      Based on the primary products we produce and our development projects, we have five reportable segments —
      steelmaking coal, copper, zinc, energy and corporate — which is the way we report information to our Chief Executive
      Officer. The corporate segment includes all of our initiatives in other commodities, our corporate growth activities, and
      groups that provide administrative, technical, financial and other support to all of our business units. Other operating
      expenses include general and administration costs, exploration, research and development, and other operating income
      (expenses). Sales between segments are carried out on terms that arm’s-length parties would use. Total assets does
      not include intra-group receivables between segments. Deferred tax assets have been allocated amongst segments.

      (CAD$ in millions)                                                    December 31, 2018
                                         Steelmaking
                                                Coal         Copper            Zinc        Energy    Corporate          Total

      Segment revenues                     $   6,349     $    2,714     $     3,744    $     407     $        –    $ 13,214
      Less: Intra-segment revenues                  –              –           (650)            –             –         (650)
      Revenues                                 6,349          2,714           3,094          407              –       12,564
      Cost of sales                            (3,309)        (1,837)        (2,225)         (572)            –       (7,943)
      Gross profit (loss)                       3,040           877            869           (165)            –        4,621
      Asset impairments                             –            (10)           (31)            –             –           (41)
      Other operating
       income (expenses)                          (79)         (247)           826              1         (297)          204
      Profit (loss) from operations             2,961           620           1,664          (164)        (297)        4,784
      Net finance expense                         (47)           (47)           (37)          (16)         (72)         (219)
      Non-operating income
       (expense)                                  37               4             11             –         (104)          (52)
      Share of loss of associates
       and joint ventures                           –             (2)             –             –            (1)           (3)
      Profit (loss) before taxes                2,951           575           1,638          (180)        (474)        4,510


      Capital expenditures                       969            850            409           375            10         2,613
      Goodwill                                   702            419               –             –             –         1,121
      Total assets                             15,491        10,219           3,692         6,131        4,093        39,626




126   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
(CAD$ in millions)                                                December 31, 2017 (restated)
                                 Steelmaking
                                        Coal           Copper              Zinc        Energy    Corporate              Total

Segment revenues                     $    6,014    $    2,400        $    4,131    $        –    $           –       $ 12,545
Less: Intra-segment revenues                  –              –            (635)             –                –           (635)
Revenues                                  6,014         2,400            3,496              –                –         11,910
Cost of sales                            (3,000)        (1,814)          (2,529)            –                –         (7,343)
Gross profit                              3,014           586              967              –                –          4,567
Impairment reversal and
 (asset impairments)                       207            (44)                –             –                –           163
Other operating
 income (expenses)                          (99)           63               (28)           (3)          (392)            (459)
Profit (loss) from operations             3,122           605              939             (3)          (392)           4,271
Net finance expense                          (5)          (45)              (31)           (7)          (124)            (212)
Non-operating income (expense)              (29)             5               (9)            –           (118)            (151)
Share of income of associates
 and joint ventures                           –              3                –             –                3              6
Profit (loss) before taxes               3,088            568              899            (10)          (631)           3,914


Capital expenditures                       673            467              244            911                4          2,299
Goodwill                                   702            385                 –             –                –          1,087
Total assets                             15,241         9,533            3,720          5,667          2,867           37,028


The geographical distribution of our non-current assets is as follows:

                                                                                           December 31, December 31,
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                               2018         2017
Canada                                                                                       $   23,238          $     22,466
Chile                                                                                                7,146              6,077
Peru                                                                                                 1,477              1,305
United States                                                                                        1,282              1,131
Other                                                                                                  99                  96
                                                                                             $   33,242          $     31,075


Non-current assets attributed to geographical locations exclude deferred income tax assets and financial and
other assets.




                                                                                            Consolidated Financial Statements    127
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      28. Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management

      a) Financial Risk Management

      Our activities expose us to a variety of financial risks, which include liquidity risk, foreign exchange risk, interest rate
      risk, commodity price risk, credit risk and other risks associated with capital markets. From time to time, we may use
      foreign exchange, commodity price and interest rate contracts to manage exposure to fluctuations in these variables.
      We do not have a practice of trading derivatives. Our use of derivatives is based on established practices and
      parameters to mitigate risk and is subject to the oversight of our Hedging Committee and our Board of Directors.

      Foreign Exchange Risk
      We operate on an international basis, and therefore, foreign exchange risk exposures arise from transactions
      denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity. Our foreign exchange risk arises primarily
      with respect to the U.S. dollar and to a lesser extent, the Chilean peso and Peruvian sol. Our cash flows from
      Canadian, Chilean and Peruvian operations are exposed to foreign exchange risk, as commodity sales are denominated
      in U.S. dollars and a substantial portion of operating expenses are denominated in local currencies.

      We also have various investments in U.S. dollar foreign operations, whose net assets are exposed to foreign currency
      translation risk. This currency exposure is managed in part through our U.S. dollar denominated debt as a hedge
      against net investments in foreign operations.

      U.S. dollar financial instruments subject to foreign exchange risk consist of U.S. dollar denominated items held in
      Canada and are summarized below. This risk is reduced by our policy to apply a hedge against our U.S. dollar net
      investments using our U.S. dollar debt.

                                                                                                  December 31,      December 31,
      (US$ in millions)                                                                                 2018              2017

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     $       907      $       368
      Trade and settlement receivables                                                                      640               913
      Trade accounts payable and other liabilities                                                         (421)            (569)
      Debt                                                                                               (3,809)           (4,831)
                                                                                                         (2,683)           (4,119)
      Net investment in foreign operations hedged                                                         2,628             4,149
      Net U.S. dollar exposure                                                                      $       (55)     $         30


      As at December 31, 2018, with other variables unchanged, a $0.10 strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the
      U.S. dollar would result in a $8 million pre-tax loss (2017 – $3 million) from our financial instruments. There would also
      be a $408 million pre-tax loss (2017 – $157 million) in other comprehensive income from the translation of our foreign
      operations. The inverse effect would result if the Canadian dollar weakened by $0.10 against the U.S. dollar.




128   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk arises from our general and capital funding requirements. We have planning, budgeting and forecasting
processes to help determine our funding requirements to meet various contractual and other obligations. Note 19(e)
details our available credit facilities as at December 31, 2018.

Contractual undiscounted cash flow requirements for financial liabilities as at December 31, 2018 are as follows:

                                              Less Than                                       More Than
(CAD$ in millions)                                1 Year        2–3 Years        4–5 Years      5 Years               Total

Trade accounts payable and
  other liabilities (Note 18)                 $   2,333     $           –    $           –    $          –     $     2,333
Debt (Note 19(f))                                     –              190              575           4,462            5,227
Estimated interest payments on debt           $     317     $        625     $        582     $     3,528      $      5,052


Interest Rate Risk
Our interest rate risk is both fair value and cash flow risk and arises mainly in respect of our holdings of cash and cash
equivalents. Our interest rate management policy is generally to borrow at fixed rates. However, floating rate funding
may be used to fund short-term operating cash flow requirements or, in conjunction with fixed to floating interest rate
swaps, be used to offset interest rate risk from our cash. The fair value of fixed-rate debt fluctuates with changes in
market interest rates, but the cash flows, denominated in U.S. dollars, do not.

Cash and cash equivalents have short terms to maturity and receive interest based on market interest rates.

A 1% increase in the short-term interest rate at the beginning of the year, with other variables unchanged, would
have resulted in a $15 million pre-tax increase in our profit (2017 – $10 million). There would be no effect on other
comprehensive income. The inverse effect would result if the short-term interest rate decreased by 1%.

Commodity Price Risk

We are subject to price risk from fluctuations in market prices of the commodities that we produce. From time to time,
we may use commodity price contracts to manage our exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices. At the balance
sheet date, we had zinc and lead derivative contracts outstanding as described in (b) below.

Our commodity price risk associated with financial instruments primarily relates to changes in fair value caused by
final settlement pricing adjustments to receivables and payables, derivative contracts for zinc and lead, embedded
derivatives in one of our road and port contracts, and in the ongoing payments under our silver stream and gold
stream arrangements.

The following represents the effect on profit attributable to shareholders from a 10% change in commodity prices,
based on outstanding receivables and payables subject to final pricing adjustments at December 31, 2018. There is
no effect on other comprehensive income.

                                                                                                         Change in Profit
                                                                   Price on December 31,     Attributable to Shareholders
(CAD$ in millions, except for US$/lb. data)                         2018             2017            2018             2017

Copper                                                     US$2.70/lb.      US$3.26/lb.       $        21      $         35
Zinc                                                       US$1.12/lb.      US$1.50/lb.       $          7     $          5




                                                                                             Consolidated Financial Statements   129
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      28. Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management (continued)

      A 10% change in the price of zinc, lead, silver and gold, respectively, with other variables unchanged, would change
      our net liability relating to derivatives and embedded derivatives, excluding receivables and payables subject to final
      pricing adjustments, and change our pre-tax profit attributable to shareholders by $16 million (2017 – $26 million).
      There would be no effect on other comprehensive income.

      Credit Risk

      Credit risk arises from cash, cash equivalents, derivative contracts, debt securities and trade receivables. While we are
      exposed to credit losses due to the non-performance of our counterparties, there are no significant concentrations of
      credit risk and we do not consider this to be a material risk.

      Our primary counterparties related to our cash, cash equivalents, derivative contracts and debt securities carry
      investment grade ratings as assessed by external rating agencies, which are monitored on an ongoing basis. All of our
      commercial customers are assessed for credit quality at least once a year or more frequently if business or customer
      specific conditions change based on an extensive credit rating scorecard developed internally using key credit metrics
      and measurements that were adapted from S&P’s and Moody’s rating methodologies. Sales to customers that do not
      meet the credit quality criteria are secured either by a parental guarantee, letter of credit or prepayment.

      For our trade receivables, we apply the simplified approach for determining expected credit losses, which requires
      us to determine the lifetime expected losses for all our trade receivables. The expected lifetime credit loss provision
      for our trade receivables is based on historical counterparty default rates and adjusted for relevant forward-looking
      information, as required. Since the majority of our customers are considered to have low default risk and our historical
      default rate and frequency of loss are low, the lifetime expected credit loss allowance for trade receivables is nominal
      as at December 31, 2018 and January 1, 2018.

      Our investments in debt securities carried at fair value through other comprehensive income are considered to
      have low credit risk as our counterparties have investment grade credit ratings. The credit risk of our investments in
      debt securities has not increased significantly since initial recognition of these investments and accordingly, the loss
      allowance for investments in debt securities is determined based on the 12-month expected credit losses. The
      12-month expected credit loss allowance is based on historical and forward-looking default rates for investment grade
      entities, which are low and accordingly, the 12-month expected credit loss allowance for our investments in debt
      securities is nominal as at December 31, 2018 and January 1, 2018.

      b) Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedges

      Sale and Purchase Contracts

      We record adjustments to our settlement receivables and payables for provisionally priced sales and purchases,
      respectively, in periods up to the date of final pricing based on movements in quoted market prices or published price
      assessments (for steelmaking coal). These arrangements are based on the market price of the commodity and the
      value of our settlement receivables and payables will vary as prices for the underlying commodities vary in the metal
      markets. These final pricing adjustments result in gains (losses from purchases) in a rising price environment and losses
      (gains from purchases) in a declining price environment and are recorded in other operating income (expense).




130   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
The table below outlines our outstanding settlement receivables and payables, which were provisionally valued at
December 31, 2018, and December 31, 2017.

                                                                     Outstanding at                    Outstanding at
                                                                  December 31, 2018                 December 31, 2017
(Pounds in millions)                                         Pounds           US$/lb.            Pounds          US$/lb.

Receivable positions
 Copper                                                            93     $      2.70              138      $       3.26
 Zinc                                                             208     $       1.12             197      $       1.50
 Lead                                                              24     $      0.91               44      $       1.13
Payable positions
 Zinc payable                                                      77     $       1.12              97      $       1.50
 Lead payable                                                      16     $      0.91               30      $       1.13


At December 31, 2018, total outstanding settlement receivables were $557 million (2017 – $687 million), and total
outstanding settlement payables were $45 million (2017 – $39 million). These amounts are included in trade and
settlement receivables and trade accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheet.

Zinc and Lead Swaps

Due to ice conditions, the port serving our Red Dog mine is normally only able to ship concentrates from July to
October each year. As a result, zinc and lead concentrate sales volumes are generally higher in the third and fourth
quarter of each year than in the first and second quarter. During 2018 and 2017, we purchased and sold zinc and
lead swaps to match our economic exposure to the average zinc and lead prices over our shipping year, which is
from July of one year to June of the following year. We do not apply hedge accounting to the zinc or lead swaps.

The fair value of our commodity swaps is calculated using a discounted cash flow method based on forward metal
prices. A summary of these derivative contracts and related fair values as at December 31, 2018 is as follows:

Derivatives not designated                             Average Price           Average Price                Fair Value
 as hedging instruments                                  of Purchase                 of Sale           Asset (Liability)
                                        Quantity       Commitments             Commitments           (CAD$ in millions)

   Zinc swaps                     122 million lbs.         US$1.14/lb.             US$1.11/lb.              $          (6)
   Lead swaps                       70 million lbs.        US$0.90/lb.            US$0.92/lb.                          2
                                                                                                            $          (4)


All free-standing derivative contracts mature in 2019 and 2020.

Free-standing derivatives, not designated as hedging instruments, are recorded in prepaid and other current assets
in the amount of $2 million and in trade accounts payable and other liabilities in the amount of $6 million on the
consolidated balance sheet.




                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements   131
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      28. Financial Instruments and Financial Risk Management (continued)

      Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments and Embedded Derivatives

                                                                                        Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized
                                                                                     in Other Operating Income (Expense)
      (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                         (Note 9)
                                                                                                       2018             2017

      Zinc derivatives                                                                          $        (40)    $         11
      Lead derivatives                                                                                    (4)              10
      Settlements receivable and payable                                                                (117)            190
      Contingent zinc escalation payment embedded derivative (c)                                          13              (24)
      Gold stream embedded derivative (c)                                                                 (1)              13
      Silver stream embedded derivative (c)                                                               (4)               2
                                                                                                $       (153)    $       202

      During the year ended December 31, 2018, we recorded a $42 million loss (2017 – $51 million gain) in non-operating
      income (expense) (Note 11) related to a decrease in the value of debt prepayment options (Note 28(c)).

      Accounting Hedges

      Net investment hedge

      We manage the foreign currency translation risk of our various investments in U.S. dollar foreign operations in part
      through the designation of our U.S. dollar denominated debt as a hedge against net investments in foreign operations
      (Note 28(a)). We designate the spot element of the U.S. dollar debt as the hedging instrument. As only the spot rate
      element of the debt is designated in the hedging relationship, no ineffectiveness is expected and no ineffectiveness was
      recognized in profit for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017. The hedged foreign currency risk component is
      the change in the carrying amount of the net assets of the foreign operation arising from spot U.S. dollar to Canadian
      dollar exchange rate movements. At December 31, 2018, US$2.6 billion of our debt (2017 – US$4.1 billion) and U.S.
      dollar investment in foreign operations was designated in a net investment hedging relationship. During the year ended
      December 31, 2018, $295 million (2017 – $387 million) of foreign exchange translation on our U.S. dollar investment in
      foreign operations was hedged by an offsetting amount of foreign exchange translation on our U.S. dollar denominated
      debt. Refer to Note 23(e) for the effect of our net investment hedges on other comprehensive income (loss).

      c) Embedded Derivatives

      One of our road and port contracts contains a contingent zinc escalation payment that is considered to be an embedded
      derivative. The fair value of this embedded derivative was $34 million at December 31, 2018 (2017 – $43 million) and
      is included in provisions and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet.

      The gold stream and silver stream agreements entered into in 2015 each contain an embedded derivative in the
      ongoing future payments due to Teck. The gold stream’s 15% ongoing payment contains an embedded derivative
      relating to the gold price. The fair value of this embedded derivative was $11 million at December 31, 2018
      (2017 – $9 million) and is included in financial and other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The silver stream’s
      5% ongoing payment contains an embedded derivative relating to the silver price. The fair value of this embedded
      derivative was $1 million at December 31, 2018 (2017 – $3 million) and is included in provisions and other liabilities
      (2017 – financial and other assets) on the consolidated balance sheet.




132   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Our 2024 notes include a prepayment option that is considered to be an embedded derivative (Note 19).
At December 31, 2018, the prepayment option in the 2024 notes is recorded as financial and other assets (Note 14)
on the consolidated balance sheet at a fair value of $73 million (2017 – $108 million) based on current market
interest rates for similar instruments and our credit spread.


29. Fair Value Measurements
Certain of our financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified in their
entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Certain non-financial
assets and liabilities may also be measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. There are three levels of the fair
value hierarchy that prioritize the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value, with Level 1 inputs
having the highest priority. The levels and the valuation techniques used to value our financial assets and liabilities
are described below:

Level 1 – Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets

Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted
assets or liabilities.

Certain cash equivalents, certain marketable equity securities and certain debt securities are valued using quoted
market prices in active markets. Accordingly, these items are included in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

Level 2 – Significant Observable Inputs Other than Quoted Prices

Quoted prices in markets that are not active, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or inputs
that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.

Derivative instruments and embedded derivatives are included in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as they are valued
using pricing models or discounted cash flow models. These models require a variety of inputs, including, but not
limited to, market prices, forward price curves, yield curves and credit spreads. These inputs are obtained from or
corroborated with the market. Also included in Level 2 are settlement receivables and settlement payables from
provisional pricing on concentrate sales and purchases, certain refined metal sales and steelmaking coal sales because
they are valued using quoted market prices derived based on forward curves for the respective commodities and
published price assessments for steelmaking coal sales.

Level 3 – Significant Unobservable Inputs

Unobservable (supported by little or no market activity) prices.

We include investments in certain debt securities and certain equity securities in non-public companies in Level 3 of
the fair value hierarchy because they trade infrequently and have little price transparency. We review the fair value
of these instruments periodically and estimate an impairment charge based on management’s best estimates, which
are unobservable inputs.




                                                                                            Consolidated Financial Statements   133
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      29. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

      The fair values of our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2018
      and 2017, are summarized in the following table:

      (CAD$ in millions)                                    2018                                         2017
                                           Level 1    Level 2      Level 3       Total   Level 1    Level 2     Level 3       Total

      Financial assets
       Cash equivalents                  $    68     $     –    $       –    $     68    $   722   $     –    $      –    $   722
       Marketable equity securities           44           –          36           80        124         –           –         124
       Debt securities                        90           –           3           93         37         –           4          41
       Settlement receivables                   –        557            –         557          –       687           –        687
       Derivative instruments
        and embedded derivatives                –         86            –          86          –       126           –         126
                                         $   202     $   643    $     39     $    884    $   883   $   813    $      4    $ 1,700


      Financial liabilities
       Derivative instruments
        and embedded derivatives         $      –    $    45    $       –    $     45    $     –   $    43    $      –    $     43
       Settlement payables                      –         45            –          45          –        39           –          39
                                         $      –    $    90    $       –    $     90    $     –   $    82    $      –    $     82


      As at December 31, 2017, we measured certain non-financial assets at their recoverable amounts using a FVLCD basis,
      which is classified as a Level 3 measurement. Refer to Note 8 for information about these fair value measurements.


      30. Capital Management
      The capital we manage is the total of equity and debt on our balance sheet. Our capital management objectives are
      to maintain access to the capital we require to operate and grow our business while minimizing the cost of such
      capital and providing for returns to our investors. Our financial policies are to maintain, on average over time, a target
      debt to debt-plus-equity ratio of less than 30% and a target debt-to-EBITDA ratio of less than 2.5x. These ratios are
      expected to vary from their target levels from time to time, reflecting commodity price cycles and corporate activity,
      including the development of major projects. We may also review and amend such policy targets from time to time.
      We maintain two committed revolving credit facilities consisting of a core liquidity facility of US$4.0 billion and a
      US$600 million facility, which is used for financial letters of credit required while our credit rating is non-investment
      grade. These credit facilities include a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a net debt-to-capitalization ratio
      that does not exceed 0.55 (Note 19).

      As at December 31, 2018, our debt to debt-plus-equity ratio was 19% (2017 – 24%), our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 0.9
      (2017 – 1.1) and our net debt-to-capitalization ratio was 0.13 (2017 – 0.21). We manage the risk of not meeting our
      financial targets through the issuance and repayment of debt, our distribution policy, the issuance of equity capital,
      asset sales as well as through the ongoing management of operations, investments and capital expenditures.




134   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
31. Key Management Compensation
The compensation for key management recognized in total comprehensive income in respect of employee services
is summarized in the table below. Key management includes our directors and senior vice presidents.

(CAD$ in millions)                                                                               2018               2017

Salaries, bonuses, director fees and other short-term benefits                            $        16      $           16
Post-employment benefits                                                                             1                  5
Share option compensation expense (Note 23(c))                                                       6                  7
Compensation expense related to Units (Note 23(d))                                                   7                 52
                                                                                          $        30      $           80


32. Adoption of New IFRS Pronouncements
We have adopted the new IFRS pronouncements listed below as at January 1, 2018, in accordance with the
transitional provisions outlined in the respective standards and described below. The adoption of these new IFRS
pronouncements has resulted in adjustments to previously reported figures as outlined below.

a) Adjustments to Consolidated Financial Statements

All of the adjustments to previously reported figures outlined below relate to the adoption of IFRS 15 (Note 32(b)).

Adjustments to Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets

                                                                                        December 31,           January 1,
(CAD$ in millions)                                                                            2017                 2017

Equity before accounting changes                                                          $    19,525      $      17,601
 Adjustments to equity relating to:
   Trade and settlement receivables                                                               (61)                  –
   Inventories                                                                                     32                   –
   Current portion of deferred consideration                                                       23                  32
   Current income taxes payable                                                                      5                  –
   Deferred consideration                                                                         651                723
   Deferred income tax liabilities                                                               (182)              (190)
Equity after accounting changes                                                           $    19,993      $      18,166

Equity after accounting changes attributable to:
 Shareholders of the company                                                              $    19,851      $      18,007
 Non-controlling interests                                                                        142                159
                                                                                          $    19,993      $      18,166




                                                                                         Consolidated Financial Statements   135
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      32. Adoption of New IFRS Pronouncements (continued)

      Adjustments to Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income

                                                                                                          Year ended
      (CAD$ in millions)                                                                            December 31, 2017

      Profit for the year before accounting changes                                                         $    2,538
       Adjustments to profit relating to:
         Revenues                                                                                                  (138)
         Cost of sales                                                                                               76
         Provision for income taxes                                                                                  13
      Profit for the year after accounting changes                                                          $    2,489

      Profit for the year after accounting changes attributable to:
       Shareholders of the company                                                                          $    2,460
       Non-controlling interests                                                                                     29
                                                                                                            $    2,489

      Earnings per share after accounting changes
       Basic                                                                                                $      4.26
       Diluted                                                                                              $      4.19


      The adjustments to profit relating to the new IFRS pronouncements in Note 32(b) decreased basic earnings per share
      by $0.08 and diluted earnings per share by $0.09 for the year ended December 31, 2017.

      Adjustments to Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

                                                                                                          Year ended
      (CAD$ in millions)                                                                            December 31, 2017

      Total comprehensive income before accounting changes                                                  $    2,501
       Adjustments to comprehensive income relating to:
         Profit                                                                                                     (49)
       Other comprehensive income:
         Currency translation differences                                                                           (48)
      Total comprehensive income after accounting changes                                                   $    2,404

      Total comprehensive income after accounting changes attributable to:
       Shareholders of the company                                                                          $    2,383
       Non-controlling interests                                                                                     21
                                                                                                            $    2,404




136   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
b) Revenue from Contracts with Customers

Overview of Changes in IFRS

We adopted IFRS 15 on January 1, 2018 in accordance with the transitional provisions of the standard, applying a
full retrospective approach in restating our prior period financial information.

The new revenue standard introduces a single principles-based, five-step model for the recognition of revenue
when control of goods is transferred to, or a service is performed for, the customer. The five steps are to identify the
contract(s) with the customer, identify the performance obligations in the contract, determine the transaction price,
allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation and recognize revenue as each performance obligation
is satisfied. IFRS 15 also requires enhanced disclosures about revenue to help users better understand the nature,
amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows from contracts with customers.

Timing and Amount of Revenue Recognized

Based on our analysis, the timing and amount of our revenue from product sales did not change significantly under
IFRS 15. For steelmaking coal sales where we have a shipment that is partially loaded on a vessel at a reporting date,
we concluded that the performance obligation in these contracts is for the full shipment. Therefore, we cannot
recognize revenue until the full shipment is loaded. This does not significantly affect the revenue recognized in a
period. This is a timing difference only and does not change the amount of revenue recognized for the full shipment.

As part of our assessment of IFRS 15, we analyzed the treatment of freight services provided to customers
subsequent to the transfer of control of the product sold. Under IFRS 15, in our view, these services represent
performance obligations that should be recognized separately. For the performance obligation related to these
freight services, we have concluded that we are the principal to the shipping of product in our refined metal sales
and concentrate sales contracts and will continue to reflect the revenue in these arrangements on a gross basis.
For certain of our steelmaking coal sales contracts, we have concluded that we are the agent to the ocean freight
shipping of product due to the terms of the arrangement, and our revenue will be reported on a net basis for these
arrangements. There will be no effect on our gross profit, as the freight costs will be netted against revenue for
these arrangements and not presented within cost of sales.

We have assessed the effects of IFRS 15 on our silver and gold streaming arrangements. At the date these
transactions were completed, we accounted for the arrangements as the sale of a portion of our mineral interests at
Antamina and Carmen de Andacollo, respectively. We did not recognize disposal gains on the transactions as a result
of the requirements of the IFRS standards in effect at the dates of closing. Under the recognition and measurement
principles of IFRS 15, any gain on these streaming transactions would have been recognized in full as control over the
right to the silver or gold mineral interest transferred to the purchaser. Accordingly, we have recognized the deferred
consideration recorded on our balance sheet through equity on transition to IFRS 15 as at January 1, 2017. We have
also reversed the amortization of the deferred consideration that was recorded as a reduction of cost of sales for the
year ended December 31, 2017.

The tables in Note 32(a) outline the adjustments to our financial statements resulting from the adoption of IFRS 15,
described above, for all comparative periods presented.




                                                                                          Consolidated Financial Statements   137
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      32. Adoption of New IFRS Pronouncements (continued)

      c) Financial Instruments

      Overview of Changes in IFRS

      We adopted IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018 in accordance with the transitional provisions of the standard, with the exception
      of the hedging provisions. Effective October 1, 2018, we adopted the hedging requirements section of IFRS 9.

      IFRS 9 addresses the classification, measurement and recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities and
      supersedes the guidance relating to the classification and measurement of financial instruments in IAS 39.

      IFRS 9 requires financial assets to be classified into three measurement categories on initial recognition: those
      measured at fair value through profit and loss, those measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and
      those measured at amortized cost. Investments in equity instruments are required to be measured by default at fair
      value through profit or loss. However, there is an irrevocable option for each equity instrument to present fair value
      changes in other comprehensive income. Measurement and classification of financial assets is dependent on the
      entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial
      asset. For financial liabilities, the standard retains most of the IAS 39 requirements. The main change is that, in cases
      where the fair value option is taken for financial liabilities, the part of a fair value change relating to an entity’s own
      credit risk is recorded in other comprehensive income rather than the income statement, unless this creates an
      accounting mismatch.

      IFRS 9 introduces a new three-stage expected credit loss model for calculating impairment for financial assets. IFRS 9
      no longer requires a triggering event to have occurred before credit losses are recognized. An entity is required to
      recognize expected credit losses when financial instruments are initially recognized and to update the amount of
      expected credit losses recognized at each reporting date to reflect changes in the credit risk of the financial instruments.
      In addition, IFRS 9 requires additional disclosure requirements about expected credit losses and credit risk.

      The new hedge accounting model in IFRS 9 aligns hedge accounting with risk management activities undertaken by
      an entity. Components of both financial and non-financial items are now be eligible for hedge accounting, as long as
      the risk component can be identified and measured. The hedge accounting model includes eligibility criteria that must
      be met, but these criteria are based on an economic assessment of the strength of the hedging relationship.




138   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Classification and Measurement Changes

We have assessed the classification and measurement of our financial assets and financial liabilities under IFRS 9
and have summarized the original measurement categories under IAS 39 and the new measurement categories under
IFRS 9 in the following table:

                                                                    Measurement Category
                                                                    2017 (IAS 39)                            2018 (IFRS 9)
Financial Assets:
 Cash                                                            Amortized cost                           Amortized cost
 Cash equivalents                                               Available-for-sale              Amortized cost/fair value
                                                                                                  through profit or loss
 Trade receivables                                               Amortized cost                           Amortized cost
 Settlement receivables                          Fair value through profit or loss       Fair value through profit or loss
 Marketable equity securities                                   Available-for-sale               Fair value through other
                                                                                                 comprehensive income
 Debt securities                                                Available-for-sale               Fair value through other
                                                                                                 comprehensive income
 Long term receivables and deposits                              Amortized cost                           Amortized cost
 Derivative instruments and                      Fair value through profit or loss       Fair value through profit or loss
  embedded derivatives with
  non-financial host contracts


Financial Liabilities:
 Trade payables                                                  Amortized cost                           Amortized cost
 Settlement payables                             Fair value through profit or loss       Fair value through profit or loss
 Debt                                                            Amortized cost                           Amortized cost
 Derivative instruments and                      Fair value through profit or loss       Fair value through profit or loss
 embedded derivatives


There has been no change in the carrying value of our financial instruments or to previously reported figures as a
result of changes to the measurement categories in the table noted above.

Cash equivalents
Our cash equivalents were reclassified from available-for sale to amortized cost or fair value through profit or loss,
depending on their nature. The fair value of $640 million as at January 1, 2018 is deemed to be the starting amortized
cost for cash equivalents classified as subsequently measured at amortized cost. There was no impact on retained
earnings as at January 1, 2018 as a result of this reclassification because the fair value is equal to the carrying value.

Marketable equity securities
We have made the irrevocable classification choice to record fair value changes on our current portfolio of investments
in marketable equity securities through other comprehensive income. As a result, marketable equity securities with
a fair value of $124 million were reclassified from available-for-sale financial assets to financial assets through other
comprehensive income. Available-for-sale financial assets under IAS 39 were accounted for at fair value with changes
in fair value recorded in other comprehensive income. Realized gain or losses on available-for-sale financial assets
were recycled into profit. This election resulted in the reclassification of a $41 million loss ($34 million after-tax) from
our retained earnings to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), all within equity, on January 1, 2018. This
adjustment is presented in our Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended December 31, 2018.



                                                                                            Consolidated Financial Statements   139
      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017

      32. Adoption of New IFRS Pronouncements (continued)

      Debt securities
      Investments in debt securities were reclassified from available-for-sale to fair value through other comprehensive
      income, as the company’s business model is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling of these
      assets. The contractual cash flows of these investments are solely principal and interest. As a result, debt securities
      with a fair value of $41 million were reclassified from available-for-sale financial assets to financial assets at fair value
      through other comprehensive income.

      Expected credit losses
      Credit risk arises from cash, cash equivalents, derivative contracts, debt securities and trade receivables. While we
      are exposed to credit losses due to the non-performance of our counterparties, there are no significant concentrations
      of credit risk and we do not consider this to be a material risk.

      Our primary counterparties related to our cash, cash equivalents, derivative contracts and debt securities carry
      investment grade ratings as assessed by external rating agencies. There is ongoing review to evaluate the
      creditworthiness of these counterparties. All of our customers are assessed for credit quality by taking into account
      external credit ratings, where available, an analysis of financial position and liquidity, past experience and other
      factors. Individual customer credit limits are set based on internal or external ratings in accordance with our credit
      policy. Customer credit ratings and compliance with credit limits is regularly monitored by management. For some
      customers, we may obtain security over trade and settlement receivables in the form of letters of credit.

      Under IAS 39 we applied an incurred loss model. We have reviewed our expected credit losses on our trade
      receivables and debt securities carried at fair value through other comprehensive income on transition to IFRS 9.
      We have also implemented a process for managing and estimating provisions relating to trade receivables going
      forward under IFRS 9. For our trade receivables, we apply the simplified approach for determining expected credit
      losses which requires us to determine the lifetime expected losses for all our trade receivables. The expected
      lifetime credit loss provision for our trade receivables is based on historical counterparty default rates and adjusted for
      relevant forward-looking information, as required. As the majority of our customers are considered to have low default
      risk and we do not extend credit to customers with high default risk, historical default rates are low and the lifetime
      expected credit loss allowance for trade receivables is nominal as at January 1, 2018. Accordingly, we did not record
      an adjustment relating to the implementation of the expected credit loss model for our trade receivables.

      Our investments in debt securities carried at fair value through other comprehensive income are considered to have
      low credit risk, as our counterparties have investment grade credit ratings. As at January 1, 2018, the credit risk of
      our investments in debt securities has not increased significantly since initial recognition of these investments and
      accordingly, the loss allowance for investments in debt securities is determined based on the 12-month expected
      credit losses. The 12-month expected credit loss allowance is based on historical default rates for investment grade
      entities, which are low and accordingly, the 12-month expected credit loss allowance for our investments in debt
      securities is nominal as at January 1, 2018. Therefore, we did not record an adjustment relating to the implementation
      of the expected credit loss model for our investments in debt securities.

      Hedges
      The adoption of the hedging requirements section of IFRS 9 did not affect our existing designated hedging
      arrangements (Note 28(b)).




140   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Board of Directors6
Dominic S. Barton (1) (4)                            Eiichi Fukuda (6)
Chair of the Board                                   Director since 2016
Director since 2018                                  Takeshi Kubota (5)(6)
                             (1) (5) (6)
Norman B. Keevil III                                 Director since 2012
Vice Chair of the Board
                                                     Tracey L. McVicar (2)(3)
Director since 1997
                                                     Director since 2014
Donald R. Lindsay (1)
                                                     Sheila A. Murray (4)(5)
President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                     Director since 2018
Director since 2005
Mayank M. Ashar (3) (5) (6)                          Kenneth W. Pickering (3)(5)(6)
Director since 2007                                  Director since 2015

Quan Chong                                           Una M. Power (2)(6)
Director since 2016                                  Director since 2017

Laura L. Dottori-Attanasio (2) (4) (5) (6)           Timothy R. Snider (1)(2)(3)(4)
Director since 2014                                  Director since 2015

Edward C. Dowling (1) (3) (4) (6)
Director since 2012




Notes:
(1) Member of the Executive Committee
(2) Member of the Audit Committee
(3) Member of the Compensation Committee
(4) Member of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
(5) Member of the Safety and Sustainability Committee
(6) Member of the Reserves Committee



6
    Directors listed as at February 12, 2019. More information on our directors and officers can be found in our most recent Annual Information Form or
    in our Management Proxy Circular, which are available on our website at www.teck.com, under our profile at www.sedar.com, and on the EDGAR
    section of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov.




                                                                                                                                   Board of Directors     141
142   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Teck’s 2018 Board of Directors: (Left to right) Eiichi Fukuda, Tracey McVicar, Sheila Murray, Takeshi Kubota,
Mayank Ashar, Laura Dottori-Attanasio, Edward Dowling, Donald Lindsay, Dominic Barton, Norman B. Keevil,
Timothy Snider, Una Power, Norman Keevil III, Warren Seyffert, Quan Chong, Kenneth Pickering



                                                                                                       Board of Directors   143
      Officers7
      Dominic S. Barton                                    Marcia M. Smith                                     Réal Foley
      Chair of the Board                                   Senior Vice President,                              Vice President, Marketing,
      Norman B. Keevil III                                 Sustainability and External Affairs                 Coal and Base Metals
      Vice Chair of the Board                              Andrew A. Stonkus                                   John F. Gingell
      Donald R. Lindsay                                    Senior Vice President,                              Vice President, Financial Systems
      President and Chief Executive Officer                Marketing and Logistics                             C. Jeffrey Hanman
                                                           Dean C. Winsor                                      Vice President, Corporate Affairs
      Dale E. Andres
                                                           Senior Vice President and Chief                     M. Colin Joudrie
      Senior Vice President, Base Metals
                                                           Human Resources Officer                             Vice President, Business Development
      Alex N. Christopher
                                                           Shehzad Bharmal
      Senior Vice President, Exploration,                                                                      Ralph J. Lutes
                                                           Vice President, North America
      Projects and Technical Services                                                                          Vice President, Asia
                                                           Operations, Base Metals
      Andrew J. Golding                                                                                        Scott E. Maloney
                                                           Greg J. Brouwer
      Senior Vice President,                                                                                   Vice President, Environment
                                                           Vice President, Technology
      Corporate Development                                                                                    Karla L. Mills
                                                           and Innovation
      Kieron McFadyen                                                                                          Vice President, Project Development
                                                           Anne J. Chalmers
      Senior Vice President, Energy                        Vice President, Risk and Security                   Douglas J. Powrie
      Ronald A. Millos                                                                                         Vice President, Tax
                                                           Amparo Cornejo
      Senior Vice President, Finance                       Vice President, Chile Sustainability                Crystal J. Prystai
      and Chief Financial Officer                          and Corporate Affairs                               Vice President and Corporate
      Andrew K. Milner                                     Larry M. Davey                                      Controller
      Senior Vice President,                               Vice President, Planning and                        Amanda R. Robinson
      Technology and Innovation                            Development, Coal                                   Corporate Secretary
      H. Fraser Phillips                                   Christopher J. Dechert                              Kalev Ruberg
      Senior Vice President, Investor                      Vice President, South America                       Vice President, Teck Digital Systems
      Relations and Strategic Analysis                     Sepanta Dorri                                       and Chief Information Officer
      Peter C. Rozee                                       Vice President, Corporate                           Keith G. Stein
      Senior Vice President,                               Development                                         Vice President, Major Projects
      Commercial and Legal Affairs                         Mark Edwards                                        Lawrence A. Watkins
      Robin B. Sheremeta                                   Vice President, Community                           Vice President, Health and Safety
      Senior Vice President, Coal                          and Government Relations
                                                                                                               Scott R. Wilson
                                                                                                               Vice President and Treasurer




      7
          Officers listed as at February 12, 2019. More information on our directors and officers can be found in our most recent Annual Information Form or
          in our Management Proxy Circular, which are available on our website at www.teck.com, under our profile at www.sedar.com, and on the EDGAR
          section of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission website at www.sec.gov.




144   Teck 2018 Annual Report | Beyond
Corporate Information
2018 Share Prices and Trading Volume
Class B subordinate voting shares–TSX–CAD$/share
			                                                                        High               Low              Close           Volume
Q1						                                                             $     38.89      $      31.65       $      33.18      124,748,669
Q2						                                                             $     39.08      $      31.33       $      33.49      107,685,079
Q3						                                                             $     34.49      $      27.94       $      31.13       82,725,568
Q4						                                                             $     32.49      $      23.90       $      29.39      120,520,736
													                                                                                                              435,680,052
Class B subordinate voting shares–NYSE–US$/share
			                                                                        High               Low              Close           Volume
Q1						                                                             $     30.79      $      24.49       $      25.76       55,372,507
Q2						                                                             $     30.11      $      24.04       $      25.45       41,938,069
Q3						                                                             $     26.38      $      21.24       $      24.10       33,182,352
Q4						                                                             $     25.33      $      18.18       $      21.54       49,795,198
													                                                                                                              180,288,126
Class A common shares–TSX–CAD$/share
			                                                                        High               Low              Close           Volume
Q1						                                                             $     38.90      $      31.80       $      33.25          335,596
Q2						                                                             $     39.00      $      31.42       $      32.76          166,472
Q3						                                                             $     34.99      $      27.93       $      31.24           137,185
Q4						                                                             $     32.03      $      23.89       $      29.44          128,919
													                                                                                                                   768,172


Stock Exchanges                                                          AST Trust Company (Canada)
Our Class A common shares and Class B subordinate voting                 1600 – 1066 West Hastings Street,
shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the                Vancouver, British Columbia V6E 3X1
symbols TECK.A and TECK.B, respectively.                                 AST Trust Company (Canada) provides an AnswerLine Service
Our Class B subordinate voting shares are also listed on the             for the convenience of shareholders:
New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TECK.                           Toll-free in Canada and the United States
Dividends Declared on Class A and B Shares                               +1.800.387.0825
Amount per share                        Payment Date                     Outside Canada and the United States
$    0.05                              March 29, 2018                    +1.416.682.3860
$    0.05                               June 29, 2018                    Email: inquiries@astfinancial.com
$    0.05                          September 28, 2018                    Website: www.astfinancial.com/ca-en
$    0.15                           December 31, 2018                    American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC
These dividends are eligible for both the Canadian federal and           6201 – 15th Avenue,
provincial enhanced dividend tax credits. The December 31,               Brooklyn, New York 11219
2018 dividend included $0.05 per share for the regular quarterly         +1.800.937.5449 or +1.718.921.8124
dividend and $0.10 per share as a supplemental dividend, in              Email: help@astfinancial.com
accordance with our dividend policy.                                     Website: www.astfinancial.com
                                                                         TTY: +1.866.703.9077 or +1.718.921.8386
Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2018
Class A common shares                      7,768,304                     Auditors
Class B subordinate voting shares       562,925,342                      PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
                                                                         Chartered Professional Accountants
Shareholder Relations
                                                                         Suite 700, 250 Howe Street,
Amanda Robinson, Corporate Secretary
                                                                         Vancouver, British Columbia V6C 3S7
Annual Meeting
                                                                         Annual Information Form
Our annual meeting of shareholders will be held at 11:00 a.m.
on Wednesday, April 24, 2019, in the British Columbia Ballroom,          We prepare an Annual Information Form that is filed with the
Fairmont Hotel Vancouver, 900 West Georgia Street, Vancouver,            securities commissions or similar bodies in all the provinces of
British Columbia V6C 2W6.                                                Canada. Copies of our Annual Information Form and annual and
                                                                         quarterly reports are available on request or on our website at
Transfer Agents                                                          www.teck.com, under our profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com,
Inquiries regarding change of address, stock transfers, registered       and on the EDGAR section of the SEC website at www.sec.gov.
shareholdings, dividends or lost certificates should be directed
to our Registrar and Transfer Agent:
                                                                                                                     Corporate Information   145
Teck Resources Limited
Suite 3300, 550 Burrard Street
Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
V6C 0B3
+1.604.699.4000 Tel
+1.604.699.4750 Fax
www.teck.com

Setting Possibilities in Motion
