                                  Teck Resources Limited
                                  TSX: TECK.A, TECK.B
                                  NYSE: TECK
                                  www.teck.com                                                          News Release

For Immediate Release                                                                  Date: April 20, 2020
20-29-TR

                       Teck Reports Unaudited First Quarter Results for 2020

Vancouver, B.C. – Teck Resources Limited (TSX: TECK.A and TECK.B, NYSE: TECK)
(“Teck”) reported adjusted EBITDA(1) (2) of $608 million for the first quarter of 2020 compared
with $1.4 billion a year ago. Adjusted profit attributable to shareholders (1) (2) was $94 million
($0.17 per share) compared with $587 million ($1.03 per share) a year ago.

“Our current focus is on managing the risks around COVID-19 and ensuring we have the
necessary measures in place to safeguard our people and our local communities,” said Don
Lindsay, President and CEO. “The pandemic has had a significant negative impact on the global
economy and commodity markets and the outlook is uncertain. However, almost all of our sites
are currently operating, with some at reduced production, and our steelmaking coal operations
had a strong finish to the quarter, exceeding our sales guidance with site costs well below
expectations.”

Significant Items

    COVID-19 has had a significant effect on our business and contributed to significant
     reductions in the prices we receive for the commodities we produce. Teck has undertaken
     significant measures in response to COVID-19, including:

     o    implementing comprehensive preventative measures at all sites;
     o    reducing crew sizes at some of our sites, resulting in lower production;
     o    temporarily suspending construction activities on the QB2 project;
     o    temporarily suspending operations at Antamina;
     o    reducing Fort Hills to a single-train facility resulting in lower production of bitumen and
          contributing to an after-tax asset impairment of $474 million in the first quarter;
     o    incurring $44 million in incremental costs responding to COVID-19 including temporary
          suspension and demobilization of the QB2 project; and
     o    suspending all previously issued 2020 guidance.

     Further details on the effects of COVID-19 on our operations are provided throughout the
     remainder of this document.




Notes:
(1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
(2) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.




All dollar amounts expressed in this news release are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted.
Reference:          Fraser Phillips, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategic Analysis       604.699.4621
                    Marcia Smith, Senior Vice President, Sustainability and External Affairs                604.699.4616
Additional corporate information is available at www.teck.com
         In April, we announced the creation of a $20 million fund to support COVID-19 response and
          future recovery efforts. Funding will support a range of critical initiatives, including procuring
          one million KN95 masks to be donated for healthcare in British Columbia, donations to
          healthcare facilities in Chile, a community investment fund for local organizations in the
          areas where Teck operates and donations to international relief efforts.

         We have increased the target under our cost reduction program to $1 billion and have
          achieved $375 million to date since starting the program in the fourth quarter of 2019.

         In April, we completed the major expansion of our Elkview Operations plant, increasing the
          annual capacity to 9 million tonnes. This will allow us to replace higher cost production from
          Cardinal River Operations with lower cost production from Elkview and maintain our overall
          steelmaking coal production capacity. Taking into account the cost savings and higher
          average price for Elkview products and assuming a US$150 per tonne coal price and
          current exchange rates, shifting 2 million tonnes of production to Elkview Operations
          translates to an increase of approximately $160 million in annualized EBITDA.(1)

         Our liquidity remains strong at $5.8 billion, including $525 million in cash at April 20, 2020.
          Our US$4.0 billion revolving credit facility is committed through the fourth quarter of 2024,
          does not have a cash-flow based financial covenant, a credit rating trigger or a general
          material adverse effect borrowing condition. We have no significant debt maturities prior to
          2035 and we have investment grade credit ratings from all four credit rating agencies.

         In the first quarter, we had a loss attributable to shareholders of $312 million, or a $0.57 loss
          per share, compared with a profit of $630 million ($1.11 per share) a year ago. Adjusted
          profit attributable to shareholders was $94 million ($0.17 per share) compared with $587
          million ($1.03 per share) in the first quarter of 2019.

         EBITDA(1) (2) was $45 million compared with $1.4 billion in the first quarter of 2019. Our
          adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter totaled $608 million compared with $1.4 billion last year.

         Gross profit was $398 million in the first quarter compared with $1.0 billion a year ago.
          Gross profit before depreciation and amortization (1) (2) was $776 million compared with $1.4
          billion in the first quarter of 2019.

         Our steelmaking coal operations had a strong finish to the first quarter with sales of 5.7
          million tonnes exceeding our previously issued 2020 first quarter guidance range of 4.8 to
          5.2 million tonnes and adjusted site cash cost of sales (1) (2) of $63 per tonne, which was also
          significantly lower than previously issued guidance.

         On March 31, 2020, we issued an updated capital cost estimate for our QB2 project of
          US$5.2 billion, including escalation, with US$3.9 billion remaining to be spent from April 1,
          2020, subject to the impact of COVID-19 on the project schedule and timing of capital
          spending. With funding from Sumitomo Metal Mining Co., Ltd and Sumitomo Corporation
          (SMM/SC) and the US$2.5 billion limited recourse project financing, no significant funding is
          expected to be required from Teck until the first quarter of 2021.

    Notes:
    (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
    (2) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.




2       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
    This management’s discussion and analysis is dated as at April 20, 2020 and should be read in
    conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Teck Resources Limited
    (“Teck”) and the notes thereto for the three months ended March 31, 2020 and with the audited
    consolidated financial statements of Teck and the notes thereto for the year ended December 31,
    2019. In this news release, unless the context otherwise dictates, a reference to “the company” or
    “us,” “we” or “our” refers to Teck and its subsidiaries. Additional information, including our
    Annual Information Form and Management’s Discussion and Analysis for the year ended
    December 31, 2019, is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.


    This document contains forward-looking statements. Please refer to the cautionary language
    under the heading “CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION” below.

    Overview

    Our profit in the first quarter declined substantially from a year ago, with a loss attributable to
    shareholders of $312 million compared with profit attributable to shareholders of $630 million in
    the same period last year. The decline was primarily due to the significant negative effect of
    COVID-19 on the prices for our products and negative contributions from our energy business
    unit, including an after-tax asset impairment of $474 million relating to our interest in Fort Hills.
    Strong performance in our steelmaking coal operations compared to our previously issued
    guidance, contributed positively to our results in the first quarter, despite being lower than the
    same period last year. Our steelmaking coal sales in the first quarter of 5.7 million tonnes were
    higher than our previously issued 2020 first quarter guidance range of 4.8 to 5.2 million tonnes
    and our adjusted site cash cost of sales(1) (2) of $63 per tonne was significantly lower than
    guidance.

    Our adjusted profit attributable to shareholders in the first quarter was $94 million, or $0.17 per
    share, compared with $587 million, or $1.03 per share a year ago. In the first quarter, prices for
    all of our products were significantly lower than the same period last year. Our average realized
    steelmaking coal price declined to $176 (US$131) per tonne, compared to $248 (US$186) per
    tonne a year ago. LME copper and zinc prices decreased by 9% and 21% from a year ago,
    averaging US$2.56 per pound and US$0.97 per pound, respectively. Western Canadian Select
    (WCS) prices decreased significantly in the quarter and our average realized blended bitumen
    price was US$29 per barrel in the first quarter, compared to US$42 per barrel in the same period
    last year. Copper and zinc prices declined sharply starting in mid-March and closed the quarter at
    US$2.18 per pound and US$0.85 per pound, respectively, resulting in negative pre-tax pricing
    adjustments of $98 million, which compared with positive pre-tax pricing adjustments of $74
    million a year ago when prices were rising. The lower zinc and WCS oil prices resulted in
    inventory write-downs totalling $42 million in the first quarter.




    Notes:
    (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
    (2) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.



3     Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
    Our gross profit in the first quarter declined by $644 million compared with a year ago primarily
    as a result of the significant decrease in prices for our principal products as described above. Of
    the decrease in gross profit, $415 million related to the decline in realized steelmaking coal prices
    compared to the same period last year. Gross profit from our copper business unit declined by
    $14 million as lower prices were offset by substantially lower unit operating costs, reflecting the
    benefits of our cost reduction program and favorable foreign exchange rates. Gross profit from
    our zinc business unit declined by $32 million, as lower prices were partly offset by reduced unit
    operating costs also reflecting our cost reduction program efforts and our RACE21TM initiatives.
    Our Energy business unit incurred a gross loss of $123 million in the first quarter compared with
    a gross loss of $5 million a year ago due to the substantial decline in WCS prices in the quarter.

    In the context of COVID-19 and current market conditions, we have intensified our focus on our
    cost reduction program and have increased our total targeted reductions to approximately $1.0
    billion of previously planned spending from the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2019 through
    the end of 2020. Since implementing the program in the fourth quarter of 2019, we have
    achieved approximately $375 million of capital and operating cost reductions.

    We remain confident in the longer-term outlook for our major commodities, however global
    economic uncertainty and COVID-19 have had a significant negative effect on the prices for our
    products in the first quarter and subsequently. The extent and duration of impacts that the
    pandemic may have on demand and prices for our commodities, on our suppliers and employees
    and on global financial markets is not known at this time, but could be both material and
    protracted. As a result, we have suspended all previously issued 2020 annual guidance. The
    overall effect on our business will depend on how quickly our sites can safely return to normal
    operations, and on the duration of impacts on our customers and markets for our products, all of
    which are unknown at this time. The resumption of normal operating activities is highly
    dependent on the progression of the pandemic and the success of measures taken to prevent
    transmission, which will influence when health and government authorities remove various
    restrictions on business activities.

    We continue to respond and take action to protect the safety and health of our employees,
    contractors and the communities in which we operate. In March, we established a COVID-19
    response team with senior representation from across our operating jurisdictions and business
    units to coordinate our company-wide response measures. We have restricted travel, shifted
    employees to remote work wherever possible, including at all of our corporate offices, and we
    have put preventative measures in place at each of our operations. Throughout this pandemic,
    we have been adhering to the most up to date guidance from governments and public health
    authorities in each jurisdiction in which we operate. These measures include, but are not limited
    to, reducing on-site crew sizes, enhanced cleaning and disinfecting protocols, eliminating group
    meetings, reducing occupancy on crew buses, requiring workers with symptoms not to come to
    work and promoting preventative measures including social distancing and frequent hand-
    washing.

    In addition to our company-wide response, we have taken measures on a site-by-site basis as
    necessary, beginning in March. Our COVID-19 responses at each operation and at our QB2
    project are outlined below in the business unit sections of this Management’s Discussion and
    Analysis.

    Prior to the escalation of the COVID-19 situation late in the first quarter, we completed an
    updated capital cost estimate for the QB2 project. The go-forward funding requirement from April


4     Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
    1, 2020 is estimated at US$3.9 billion based on a schedule that contemplates first production in
    the second quarter of 2022. However, to protect the health and safety of our employees and
    support Chilean efforts to limit transmission of COVID-19, we have temporarily suspended
    construction activities, which will impact both future expenditures and the project schedule.
    Extensive planning has been completed for construction restart and the situation is continuously
    being assessed to allow for a restart as soon as practicable. The impact of the initial 4-week
    construction suspension period is estimated to be approximately US$75 to $125 million with a
    schedule delay of up to 8 weeks, including demobilization, suspension and restart impacts. For
    each additional month of suspension, we estimate an additional impact of approximately US$25
    to $50 million and one month of additional schedule delay. It is not currently possible to estimate
    a remobilization date and the impact on the cost and schedule for the project will depend on the
    length of the suspension.

    We are tracking incremental and specific COVID-19 expenditures across the company and have
    included these costs in our adjusted earnings calculation to assist readers in understanding our
    normal operating results. Of these costs, those that are related to capital projects that do not
    qualify for capitalization will be expensed as incurred, including costs of demobilization and
    remobilization. In addition, COVID-19 costs that are not directly related to the production of our
    products will be expensed as incurred and will not be included in the costing of our inventory.
    When a capital project such as QB2 is temporarily suspended, we are not able to capitalize
    borrowing costs on the project and our finance expense will increase as a result. We will be
    adjusting interest that would otherwise have been capitalized in our adjusted earnings
    calculation. In the first quarter, we incurred approximately $44 million in costs associated with our
    response to COVID-19 across our operations and projects, including $32 million of costs relating
    to the suspension of construction on our QB2 project.




5     Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
    Profit (Loss) and Adjusted Profit

    In the first quarter we had a loss attributable to shareholders of $312 million, or a $0.57 loss per
    share, compared with profit attributable to shareholders of $630 million, or $1.11 per share, in the
    same period a year ago.

    Adjusted profit attributable to shareholders in the first quarter, taking into account the items
    identified in the table below, was $94 million, or $0.17 per share, compared with $587 million, or
    $1.03 per share, in the first quarter of 2019. The most significant first quarter adjustments to profit
    reflected in the table below were a non-cash after-tax asset impairment of our interest in Fort
    Hills and environmental costs relating to a change in our credit-adjusted risk-free rate used to
    discount the decommissioning and restoration provisions for our closed operations.

    The decrease in our adjusted profit compared with a year ago was primarily due to the significant
    negative effect of COVID-19 on the prices for our products and negative contributions from our
    energy business unit.

    We have changed the basis on which we adjust earnings in the following table. Refer to page 44
    for further information.

                                                                                                            Three months
                                                                                                           ended March 31,
     (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                      2020       2019
     Profit (loss) attributable to shareholders                                                                $ (312)   $ 630
     Add (deduct) on an after-tax basis:
        Asset impairment                                                                                          474          –
        COVID-19 costs                                                                                             22          –
        Environmental costs                                                                                       (87)       29
        Inventory write-downs (reversals)                                                                          27         (8)
        Share-based compensation                                                                                  (22)       12
        Commodity derivatives                                                                                      15       (14)
        Debt prepayment option gain                                                                                 –       (51)
        Other                                                                                                     (23)      (11)
     Adjusted profit attributable to shareholders1                                                             $ 94      $ 587
     Adjusted basic earnings per share1 2                                                                      $ 0.17    $ 1.03
     Adjusted diluted earnings per share1 2                                                                    $ 0.17    $ 1.02
    Notes:
    1. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
    2. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.


    In addition to the items identified in the table above, our results include gains and losses due to
    changes in market prices in respect of pricing adjustments. Pricing adjustments resulted in $64
    million of after-tax charges ($98 million before tax) in the first quarter, or $0.12 per share. We do
    not include these amounts in our adjusted profit determination.




6     Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
                                                                                                                 Three months
    FINANCIAL OVERVIEW                                                                                          ended March 31,
     (CAD$ in millions, except per share data)                                                                   2020       2019
     Revenues and profit
      Revenues                                                                                              $ 2,377         $   3,106
      Gross profit before depreciation and amortization1                                                    $   776         $   1,415
      Gross profit                                                                                          $   398         $   1,042
      EBITDA1                                                                                               $    45         $   1,410
      Profit (loss) attributable to shareholders                                                            $ (312)         $     630
     Cash flow
      Cash flow from operations                                                                             $      279      $     520
      Property, plant and equipment expenditures                                                            $      818      $     482
      Capitalized stripping costs                                                                           $      172      $     199
      Investments                                                                                           $       29      $      32
     Balance Sheet
      Cash balances                                                                                         $    219        $ 2,446
      Total assets                                                                                          $ 38,774        $ 42,106
      Debt and lease liabilities, including current portion                                                 $ 5,479         $ 5,752
     Per share amounts
      Profit (loss) attributable to shareholders                                                            $    (0.57)     $    1.11
      Dividends declared                                                                                    $     0.05      $    0.05

     PRODUCTION, SALES AND PRICES
     Production (000’s tonnes, except steelmaking coal and bitumen)
      Steelmaking coal (million tonnes)                                                                            4.9             6.1
      Copper2                                                                                                       71              70
      Zinc in concentrate                                                                                         154             135
      Zinc – refined                                                                                                79              74
      Bitumen (million barrels)2                                                                                   2.9             2.8
     Sales (000’s tonnes, except steelmaking coal and blended bitumen)
      Steelmaking coal (million tonnes)                                                                            5.7             6.2
      Copper2                                                                                                       73              74
      Zinc in concentrate                                                                                         159             155
      Zinc – refined                                                                                                80              75
      Blended bitumen (million barrels)2                                                                           4.4             3.7
     Average prices and exchange rates
      Steelmaking coal (realized US$/tonne)                                                                 $   131         $   186
      Copper (LME cash – US$/pound)                                                                         $ 2.56          $ 2.82
      Zinc (LME cash – US$/ pound)                                                                          $ 0.97          $ 1.23
      Blended bitumen (realized US$/barrel)                                                                 $ 28.92         $ 42.12
      Average exchange rate (CAD$ per US$1.00)                                                              $ 1.34          $ 1.33
    Notes:
    1. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information and a reconciliation to
       GAAP measures.
    2. We include 100% of production and sales from our Quebrada Blanca and Carmen de Andacollo mines in our production and sales
       volumes, even though we do not own 100% of these operations, because we fully consolidate their results in our financial statements.
       We include 22.5% and 21.3% of production and sales from Antamina and Fort Hills, respectively, representing our proportionate
       ownership interest in these operations.




7     Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
    BUSINESS UNIT RESULTS

    Our revenues, gross profit before depreciation and amortization, and gross profit by business unit
    are summarized in the table below.

                                                                                                           Three months
                                                                                                          ended March 31,
     (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                     2020       2019
    Revenues
       Steelmaking coal                                                                                   $ 1,023      $ 1,552
       Copper                                                                                                 570          630
       Zinc                                                                                                     608        712
       Energy                                                                                                   176        212
    Total                                                                                                 $ 2,377      $ 3,106


    Gross profit (loss) before depreciation and amortization1 2
       Steelmaking coal                                                                                   $     421    $   909
       Copper                                                                                                   262        283
       Zinc                                                                                                     183        201
       Energy                                                                                                   (90)        22
    Total                                                                                                 $     776    $ 1,415


    Gross profit (loss)
       Steelmaking coal                                                                                   $     246    $   726
       Copper                                                                                                   156        170
       Zinc                                                                                                     119        151
       Energy                                                                                                  (123)         (5)
    Total                                                                                                 $     398    $ 1,042


    Gross profit (loss) margins before depreciation1 2
      Steelmaking coal                                                                                          41%        59%
      Copper                                                                                                    46%        45%
      Zinc                                                                                                      30%        28%
      Energy                                                                                                   (51)%       10%

    Notes:
    1. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
    2. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.




8     Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
    STEELMAKING COAL BUSINESS UNIT
                                                                                                            Three months
                                                                                                           ended March 31,
    (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                         2020    2019
    Steelmaking coal price (realized US$/tonne)                                                            $ 131      $ 186
    Steelmaking coal price (realized CAD$/tonne)                                                           $ 176      $ 248
    Production (million tonnes)                                                                              4.9        6.1
    Sales (million tonnes)                                                                                   5.7        6.2
    Gross profit before depreciation and amortization1 2                                                   $ 421      $ 909
    Gross profit                                                                                           $ 246      $ 726
    Property, plant and equipment expenditures                                                             $ 217      $ 140

    Notes:
    1. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
    2. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.


    Performance

    Gross profit in the first quarter from our steelmaking coal business unit was $246 million
    compared with $726 million a year ago. Gross profit before depreciation and amortization (1) (2) in
    the first quarter declined by $488 million from a year ago (see table below), primarily due to a
    decrease in realized steelmaking coal prices of CAD$72 per tonne and an 8% decline in sales
    volumes.

    Logistics chain performance in January and February was adversely impacted by extreme
    weather events and rail blockades, which, combined with record-high site inventory levels,
    resulted in reduced production rates due to limited stockpile space. However, strong performance
    from our logistics supply chain in March delivered sales that exceeded our previously issued
    guidance and reduced site inventory levels. First quarter sales volumes of 5.7 million tonnes
    exceeded our previously issued guidance range of 4.8 to 5.2 million tonnes. Although higher than
    our guidance, our sales volumes for the quarter were 8% lower than the same period last year.

    Across our steelmaking coal operations, similar to the rest of our operations, we are taking
    actions in response to COVID-19. We are implementing extensive preventative measures across
    operations and projects in order to safeguard the health of our employees and contractors, while
    continuing to operate safely and responsibly maintain employment and economic activity.




    Notes:
    (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
    (2) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.



9     Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     The table below summarizes the change in gross profit, before depreciation and amortization, in
     our steelmaking coal business unit for the quarter

                                                                                                           Three months
      Gross Profit Before Depreciation and Amortization 1 2 (CAD$ in millions)                            ended March 31,
       As reported in first quarter of 2019                                                                         $ 909
       Increase (decrease):
         Steelmaking coal price realized                                                                             (415)
         Sales volumes                                                                                                (73)
         Operating unit costs                                                                                           8
         Transportation unit costs                                                                                    (21)
         Inventory write-down reversal                                                                                  5
         COVID-19 costs                                                                                                (4)
         Foreign exchange                                                                                              12
       Net decrease                                                                                                  (488)
       As reported in current quarter                                                                               $ 421

     Notes:
     1. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     2. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.


     Property, plant and equipment expenditures totaled $217 million in the first quarter, of which $44
     million was for sustaining capital and $58 million on water capital. Capitalized stripping costs
     were $119 million in the first quarter compared with $143 million a year ago.

     Markets

     Healthy demand for seaborne steelmaking coal supported steelmaking coal pricing prior to the
     outbreak of COVID-19 in early January 2020. During the quarter, China increased steelmaking
     coal seaborne imports to mitigate lower China domestic production and lower imports from
     Mongolia. A number of steel producers in Europe, U.S. and India announced reduced or
     suspended production in response to their customers suspending production, particularly in the
     automotive, heavy consumer durables and construction industries. With the growing impact of
     COVID-19 on both demand and supply, particularly outside of China, we have seen steelmaking
     coal prices come under pressure since March 20, 2020, and we are in discussions with
     customers regarding their steelmaking coal requirements in the second quarter and beyond. We
     are continuing to monitor the effect that reduced global economic activity might have on
     steelmaking coal demand and pricing, but cannot accurately predict the potential effect on our
     steelmaking coal sales at this time.

     Operations

     Due to logistics supply chain performance issues throughout most of 2019, our steelmaking coal
     operations began 2020 with record site inventory levels, which reduced operating flexibility. First
     quarter logistics supply chain capacity was further challenged by severe weather events and rail
     blockades in January and February, causing rail performance issues. At times during the first
     quarter, our site inventory storage areas were at full capacity and our plants idled. The logistics
     supply chain challenges, combined with a two-week raw coal feed belt failure and plant
     expansion shutdown at Elkview Operations reduced our steelmaking coal production in the first
     quarter to 4.9 million tonnes, which is 20% lower than a year ago.


10       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     As part of our continued focus on reducing risk of transmission and supporting efforts to combat
     COVID-19, we reduced our crews by up to 50% of regular levels and commenced our temporary
     slowdown of operations on March 25 that lasted approximately two weeks, but in April have
     increased crews back to 75% of regular levels. We are continuing to monitor the situation with
     the goal of increasing on-site staffing levels when it is safe to do so. The overall impact on each
     of our sites will depend on the progression of the pandemic and measures in place for preventing
     transmission, in line with guidance from health and government authorities.

     Despite the COVID-19 measures we implemented, the business unit continued to achieve strong
     total material movement with 71 million bank cubic metres moved in the quarter, an 8% decrease
     from the same period a year ago. Our Greenhills Operation achieved a first quarter record for
     total material moved.

     Cost of Sales

     Adjusted site cash cost of sales(1) (2) in the first quarter was $63 per tonne, or $2 per tonne lower
     compared to a year ago and lower than our previously issued guidance. This was despite
     completing one of our scheduled larger major plant outages, which included the expansion of
     Elkview Operations annual processing capacity to 9 million tonnes. Total site cash spending
     decreased by 12% in the first quarter compared to a year ago and by 2% when compared to the
     fourth quarter of last year, supported by the acceleration of our cost reduction program and lower
     diesel prices.

     First quarter transportation costs were $43 per tonne, 10% higher than the same period a year
     ago as a result of a difficult start to the year with extreme winter weather in January and early
     February and rail blockades in February. These logistics challenges limited the volumes railed
     and increased per unit rates. However, our logistics chain recovered in March with both railways
     and all three West Coast ports performing well.




     Notes:
     (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     (2) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.




11       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     The tables below report the components of our unit costs in Canadian and equivalent U.S.
     dollars.

                                                                                                              Three months
                                                                                                             ended March 31,
     (amounts reported in CAD$ per tonne)                                                                     2020       2019
     Adjusted site cash cost of sales1                                                                        $ 63           $ 65
     Transportation costs                                                                                       43             39
     Unit costs1                                                                                              $ 106          $ 104

                                                                                                              Three months
                                                                                                             ended March 31,
     (amounts reported in US$ per tonne)                                                                      2020       2019
     Adjusted site cash cost of sales1                                                                          $ 47           $ 49
     Transportation costs                                                                                         32             29
     Unit costs1                                                                                                $ 79           $ 78

     Note:
     1. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information and reconciliation to
        GAAP measures.


     Our total cost of sales for the quarter also included a $13 per tonne charge for the amortization of
     capitalized stripping costs and $18 per tonne for other depreciation.

     Coal Development Projects

     In order to improve productivity and safety for construction of the Neptune Bulk Terminals Facility
     upgrade project, as previously announced, we will be suspending operations at Neptune Bulk
     Terminals from May to September of this year to focus on construction activities. This project
     continues to be one of our strategic priorities in order to strengthen the performance of our
     steelmaking coal supply chain and meet the long-term requirements of our customers for
     consistent, high-quality product. To date, COVID-19 related issues have not substantially
     affected works on the critical path and the project and major equipment deliveries remain on
     track. Although the COVID-19 pandemic may affect construction progress or deliveries of key
     equipment, completion of construction is still expected in the first quarter of 2021, with the new
     double dumper expected to be commissioned in the second quarter of 2021.

     We continue to advance mining in new areas at our Fording River, Elkview and Greenhills
     operations. The new areas are expected to extend the lives of these mines and allow us to
     increase production to offset the closure of our Coal Mountain and Cardinal River Operations.
     Our Cardinal River Operations will transition to closure by the end of June this year. As part of
     our strategy to maintain annual production capacity of approximately 27 million tonnes in the Elk
     Valley, Elkview Operations completed its plant expansion project in April. The Elkview plant now
     has the capacity to produce 9 million tonnes annually, which will enable us to replace higher cost
     production from our Cardinal River Operations with lower cost production from our Elkview
     Operations. Taking into account both the cost savings and the higher average pricing for Elkview
     coal, assuming US$150 per tonne coal pricing as a reference and current exchange rates, a 2



12       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     million tonne increase in production capacity from Elkview Operations would translate to an
     increase of approximately $160 million in annualized EBITDA.(1)

     Elk Valley Water Management Update

     We continue to implement the water quality management measures required by the Elk Valley
     Water Quality Plan (the Plan), an area-based management plan that was approved in the fourth
     quarter of 2014 by the British Columbia (B.C.) Minister of Environment. The Plan establishes
     short, medium and long-term water quality targets for selenium, nitrate, sulphate, and cadmium
     to protect the environment and human health, as well as a plan to manage calcite formation. In
     2019, the B.C. Government endorsed the use of Saturated Rock Fill (SRF) technology, and we
     have received approval to construct an expansion and double the current SRF water treatment
     capacity at Elkview Operations. Elkview Operations’ SRF has been successfully operating since
     January 2018, treating up to 10 million litres per day and achieving near-complete removal of
     nitrate and selenium from mine-impacted waters.

     The majority of our 2020 planned capital spend relates to the completion of our Fording River
     Active Water Treatment Facility (AWTF) and Elkview Phase 2 SRF. With respect to COVID-19,
     self-distancing protocols have affected 2020 productivity and resulted in short term labour
     shortages. We anticipate the completion of our Fording River AWTF will now be delayed to the
     first quarter of 2021. Work is underway to further understand the impact of COVID-19 on the
     schedule and cost of the water projects. We continue to invest in various innovative technical
     solutions to address water quality issues. Additional research and development projects are
     ongoing to continue to improve our understanding of water quality, source control and treatment
     options.

     Final costs of implementing the Plan and managing water quality will depend in part on the
     technologies applied and on the results of ongoing environmental monitoring and modelling. The
     timing of expenditures will depend on resolution of technical issues, permitting timelines and
     other factors. Our current plan is that the Fording River AWTF will be the last full-scale AWTF
     and that future treatment facilities will be SRFs. Implementation of this plan will require additional
     operating permits. We expect that, in order to maintain water quality, some form of water
     treatment will continue for an indefinite period after mining operations end. The Plan
     contemplates ongoing monitoring to ensure that the water quality targets set out in the Plan are
     in fact protective of the environment and human health, and provides for adjustments if warranted
     by monitoring results. This ongoing monitoring, as well as our continued research into treatment
     technologies, could reveal unexpected environmental impacts, technical issues or advances
     associated with potential treatment technologies that could substantially increase or decrease
     both capital and operating costs associated with water quality management, or that could
     materially affect our ability to permit mine life extensions in new mining areas. Fish census data
     obtained in late 2019 showed unexpected and substantial reductions in populations of westslope
     cutthroat trout in certain mine-affected waters in the Elk Valley. The causes of the reductions are
     unclear and substantial technical effort is underway to determine whether the reductions are
     associated with water quality issues, flow conditions and habitat availability, or predation or other
     natural causes, and to develop a response plan. Until the results of this additional work are
     available and appropriate mitigation measures in place, we may face delays in permitting or
     restrictions on our mining activities in the Elk Valley.

     Note:
     (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.




13       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     During the third quarter of 2018, we received notice from Canadian federal prosecutors of
     potential charges under the Fisheries Act in connection with discharges of selenium and calcite
     from steelmaking coal mines in the Elk Valley. Since 2014, compliance limits and site
     performance objectives for selenium and other constituents, as well as requirements to address
     calcite, in surface water throughout the Elk Valley and in the Koocanusa Reservoir have been
     established under a regional permit issued by the provincial government, which references the
     Plan. If federal charges are laid, potential penalties may include fines as well as orders with
     respect to operational matters. Discussions with respect to the draft charges continue. It is not
     possible at this time to fully assess the viability of our potential defenses to any charges, or to
     estimate the potential financial impact on us of any conviction. Nonetheless, that impact may be
     material.

     Outlook

     Due to the ongoing uncertainty surrounding COVID-19 and the extent and duration of the impacts
     on our business, we have suspended our previously issued 2020 annual guidance and will
     provide an update to our production and cost guidance when the situation stabilizes. We continue
     to monitor the impact of COVID-19 on reduced global economic activity and the corresponding
     potential effects on steelmaking coal demand. Currently, operating crews have been increased
     back to 75% of regular workforce levels, after an initial two week period at 50% that ended after
     the first week of April. The overall impact on each of our sites will depend on the progression of
     the pandemic and measures in place for preventing transmission and on market conditions. We
     are fully engaged with our employees and union representatives to ensure the safety of
     employees. Currently, we are at stable levels of production and in the fourth quarter of 2020, we
     are planning to increase production levels, subject to market demand, as our Neptune Bulk
     Terminals extended outage and our mines’ annual maintenance major plant outages are
     scheduled to be completed.

     Our second quarter sales volumes could decrease significantly from first quarter 2020 levels, as
     COVID-19 is expected to continue to impact global economic activity and steelmaking coal
     demand and supply. We are starting to receive notifications from customers that they may delay
     purchases in response to reduced demand for their steel products as their own customers are
     reducing or suspending production of their products.




14      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     COPPER BUSINESS UNIT
                                                                                                                 Three months
                                                                                                                ended March 31,
     (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                           2020           2019
     Copper price (realized – US$/pound)                                                                        $ 2.54          $ 2.84
     Production (000’s tonnes)3                                                                                     71              70
     Sales (000’s tonnes)3                                                                                          73              74
     Gross profit, before depreciation and amortization1 2                                                      $ 262           $ 283
     Gross profit                                                                                               $ 156           $ 170
     Property, plant and equipment expenditures                                                                 $ 513           $ 243

     Notes:
     1. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     2. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.
     3. We include 22.5% of production and sales from Antamina, representing our proportionate ownership interest in th is operation. We
        include 100% of production and sales from our Quebrada Blanca and Carmen de Andacollo mines in our production and sales
        volumes, even though we do not own 100% of these operations, because we fully consolidate their results in our financial
        statements.


     Performance

     Gross profit from our copper business unit was $156 million in the first quarter compared with
     $170 million a year ago. Gross profit before depreciation and amortization (1) (2) decreased by $21
     million compared with a year ago (see table below) primarily due to lower copper prices, partially
     offset by substantially lower total cash unit costs supported by our cost reduction program and
     favorable foreign exchange rates. Contributions from zinc, molybdenum and other by-products
     were the same as a year ago. Substantially higher zinc production and resulting sales volumes
     from Antamina were offset by lower zinc prices and higher smelter processing charges.

     Copper production of 70,600 tonnes in the first quarter was similar to a year ago, as higher
     production at Carmen de Andacollo and Highland Valley Copper offset decreases at Antamina
     and Quebrada Blanca.

     We continue to respond and take action on the challenges presented by COVID-19 to protect the
     safety and health of our employees, contractors and the communities in which we operate.

     Until April 13, Antamina maintained production with a reduced workforce staying in the camp for
     an extended period. The operation has now been temporarily suspended to support Peruvian
     COVID-19 response efforts and to facilitate a change in workforce. Antamina has completed the
     safe demobilization of the workforce from site, including implementing COVID-19 testing of
     employees and contractors. Antamina has implemented protocols to ensure the health and safety
     of all workers and is coordinating its response with public health authorities. The company is
     working towards a restart, but timing on resuming operations is uncertain at this time. The
     Peruvian state of emergency has been extended until April 26, 2020.




     Notes:
     (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     (2) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.



15       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     At Highland Valley Copper, we reduced on-site workforce by up to 50% for an initial two week
     period and temporarily scaled back operations accordingly. These measures reduced our
     production to approximately 85% of normal levels. We are continuing to monitor the situation with
     the goal of increasing on-site staffing levels when it is safe to do so. In Chile at our Carmen de
     Andacollo and Quebrada Blanca operations, we have maintained normal production levels while
     reducing the on-site workforce where possible and working with our contractors and the local
     communities to ensure adequate preventative measures are in place.

     The table below summarizes the change in gross profit before depreciation and amortization in
     our copper business unit for the quarter:

                                                                                                             Three months
      Gross Profit Before Depreciation and Amortization 1 2 (CAD$ in millions)                              ended March 31,
      As reported in the first quarter of 2019                                              $ 351                   $ 283
      Increase (decrease):
        Copper price realized                                                                                         (57)
        Unit operating costs                                                                                           45
        Inventory write-down reversal (2019)                                                                          (11)
        COVID-19 costs                                                                                                 (2)
        Foreign exchange (CAD$/US$)                                                                                     4
      Net decrease                                                                                                    (21)
      As reported in current quarter                                                                                $ 262

     Notes:
     1. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     2. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.


     Property, plant and equipment expenditures totaled $513 million, including $29 million for
     sustaining capital and $468 million for project development expenditures for QB2. Capitalized
     stripping costs were $44 million in the first quarter, $4 million lower than a year ago.

     Markets

     Tightness in the copper concentrate market continued from the fourth quarter of 2019 with annual
     negotiated terms at the lowest levels in a decade. As COVID-19 started to affect China, domestic
     logistics began to impact movements of materials and smelter demand for concentrates started
     to fall. Towards the end of the quarter, the effects of COVID-19 within China started to recede. At
     the same time, the impact of COVID-19 started to increase outside China, affecting cathode
     demand and mine supply in several regions. The concentrate market returned to tightness within
     the quarter and spot treatment charges dropped below annual terms.

     Mine disruptions through 2019 reduced projected growth in mine supply. Disruptions at mine
     sites in the first quarter of 2020 are likely to affect mine production growth into the second
     quarter. With new smelter capacity in China continuing to increase and previously installed
     capacity continuing to ramp up, concentrate supply tightness continued through the quarter.

     The refined copper market improved in the early part of the quarter as global trade disputes
     started to moderate. Through the middle of the quarter, the COVID-19 measures in China
     negatively affected trade flows of commodities and manufactured goods. While manufacturing
     activities were improving in China and South East Asia by the end of the first quarter, the rest of
     the world was facing similar pressures on trade flows and copper prices fell to lows last seen in

16       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     2009. The long-term fundamentals for global copper demand remain supportive, as copper will
     play an important role in the post COVID-19 pandemic recovery and the new energy economy
     while the development of new mine supply of copper around the world will remain challenging.

     London Metal Exchange (LME) copper prices in the first quarter of 2020 averaged US$2.56 per
     pound, down 4% from last quarter and down 9% from the same quarter a year ago. Global
     exchange stocks rose 300,000 tonnes during the quarter to finish at just over 600,000 tonnes or
     9 days of global consumption with LME stocks at 222,500 tonnes, NYMEX stocks at 27,000
     tonnes and Shanghai Futures Exchange (SHFE) stocks at 364,000 tonnes. Seasonally over the
     past five years, copper stocks have risen in the first quarter on average between 250,000 and
     300,000 tonnes.

     Operations

     Highland Valley Copper

     Copper production of 27,100 tonnes in the first quarter was 4% higher than a year ago primarily
     due to higher copper grades and mill recoveries, partially offset by a 5% decrease in throughput.
     Before impacts of COVID-19, copper production was expected to be lower during the first half of
     this year as compared to the second half of this year as a result of higher mill throughput and
     rising ore grades. In the first quarter, molybdenum production of 1.2 million pounds was 33%
     lower than a year ago primarily due to lower grades and recoveries.

     Operating costs before changes in inventory in the first quarter were $138 million, 10% lower
     than a year ago primarily due to lower tailings dam costs, lower maintenance costs and the
     impact of our cost reduction program.

     Antamina

     Copper production (100% basis) of 101,200 tonnes in the first quarter was 5,000 tonnes lower
     than a year ago primarily due to lower copper grades, partially offset by higher mill throughput.
     Due to higher total mill throughput, Antamina processed more copper-only ore and more copper-
     zinc ore than the same period last year. The mix of mill feed in the quarter was 52% copper-only
     ore and 48% copper-zinc ore, compared with 54% and 46%, respectively, a year ago. As
     expected in the mine plan, zinc production increased 52% from a year ago to 111,700 tonnes
     (100% basis) primarily due to higher zinc grades and a higher amount of copper-zinc ore
     processed.
     Operating costs before changes in inventory in the first quarter were US$58 million (22.5%
     share), the same as a year ago.

     Carmen de Andacollo

     Copper production of 17,400 tonnes in the first quarter was 2,700 tonnes higher than a year ago
     primarily due to higher mill throughput and higher copper grades.

     Operating costs before changes in inventory in the first quarter of US$46 million, were US$19
     million lower than a year ago when major maintenance took place on the mill in the first quarter of
     2019. In addition, operating costs were lower this quarter due to our cost reduction program and
     the depreciation of the Chilean peso.



17      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Quebrada Blanca

     As expected, copper cathode production of 3,300 tonnes in the first quarter was 2,300 tonnes
     lower than a year ago. Mining equipment and personnel continued to support QB2 construction
     activities.

     Operating costs before changes in inventory in the first quarter were US$14 million, 30% lower
     than a year ago primarily due to the planned ramp-down of cathode production and the
     depreciation of the Chilean peso.

     Cost of Sales

     Total cash unit costs(1) (2) in the first quarter, before cash margin for by-products, of US$1.55 per
     pound, were US$0.30 per pound lower than the same period a year ago. This was primarily the
     result of lower operating costs supported by our cost reduction program and favourable foreign
     exchange rates.

     Cash margin for by-products(1) (2) was US$0.28 per pound compared with US$0.30 per pound in
     the same period a year ago. This was primarily due to lower zinc and molybdenum prices,
     partially offset by substantially higher zinc sales volumes and higher molybdenum sales volumes.
     The resulting net cash unit costs for copper, after cash margin for by-products, of US$1.27 per
     pound was US$0.28 lower than US$1.55 in the same period a year ago.

                                                                                                             Three months
                                                                                                            ended March 31,
     (amounts reported in US$ per pound)                                                                     2020       2019
     Adjusted cash cost of sales1 2                                                                         $ 1.37     $ 1.65
     Smelter processing charges                                                                                  0.18    0.20
     Total cash unit costs1 2                                                                               $ 1.55      $ 1.85
     Cash margin for by-products1 2                                                                          (0.28)      (0.30)
     Net cash unit costs1 2                                                                                 $ 1.27      $ 1.55

     Notes:
     1. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     2. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.




     Notes:
     (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     (2) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.




18       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Outlook

     Due to the ongoing uncertainty surrounding COVID-19 and the extent and duration of the
     impacts, we have suspended all previously issued 2020 annual guidance. We continue to
     monitor the impact of COVID-19 on reduced global economic activity and the corresponding
     potential effects on demand for our products. At Highland Valley Copper, operating crews have
     returned to 75% of normal levels, following an initial two week period at 50% that ended after the
     first week of April. Opportunities are being evaluated to increase production back up to normal
     operating levels. At Antamina, the operation was temporarily suspended on April 13 and the
     situation is being monitored for a safe and timely restart. At our Carmen de Andacollo and
     Quebrada Blanca operations in Chile, we continue to operate at normal production levels with
     reduced workforce levels on site.

     The overall impact on each of our sites will depend on the progression of the pandemic and
     measures in place for preventing transmission. We are fully engaged with our employees and
     union representatives to protect the health and safety of employees.

     Copper Development Projects

     Quebrada Blanca Phase 2

     On March 18, 2020, we announced a temporary suspension of construction activities at the
     project to protect the health and safety of our employees and support Chilean efforts to limit
     transmission of COVID-19. Project construction activities remain on hold with an appropriately
     sized workforce in place to ensure preservation of assets, site security, and environmental
     monitoring activities, while we continue to advance procurement, manufacturing and other
     activities. Extensive planning has been completed for construction restart and the situation is
     continuously being assessed to allow for restart as soon as practicable. The impact of the initial
     4-week construction suspension period is estimated to be approximately US$75 to $125 million
     with a schedule delay of up to 8 weeks, including demobilization, suspension and restart impacts.
     For each additional month of suspension, we estimate an additional impact of approximately
     US$25 to $50 million and one month of additional schedule delay. The impact to cost and
     schedule will depend on the length of the suspension.

     Considerable progress has been made across all areas of the project, and many of the highest
     risk activities are either completed or well advanced. At suspension on March 18, 2020, overall
     progress on the project had reached 29%.

     On March 31, 2020, we announced an updated capital cost estimate of the project of US$5.2
     billion, including escalation, and the go forward funding requirement from April 1, 2020 is
     estimated at US$3.9 billion, assuming a CLP/USD rate of 775 over the remainder of the project.
     The new capital estimate was developed by Bechtel, who is providing engineering, procurement
     and construction management for the project and is based on a detailed review of all aspects of
     the QB2 project. Cost pressures have been largely offset by the depreciation of the Chilean peso.
     The estimate is based on a schedule that contemplates first production in the second quarter of
     2022, and includes a contingency of approximately US$400 million. The estimate and schedule
     do not reflect the impact of the current temporary suspension of project construction activities
     due to COVID-19.




19      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     ZINC BUSINESS UNIT
                                                                                                               Three months
                                                                                                              ended March 31,
     (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                         2020           2019
     Zinc price (realized – US$/pound)                                                                        $ 0.96          $ 1.21
     Production (000’s tonnes)
       Refined zinc                                                                                               79              74
       Zinc in concentrate1                                                                                      128             119
     Sales (000’s tonnes)
       Refined zinc                                                                                               80              75
       Zinc in concentrate1                                                                                      134             139
     Gross profit before depreciation and amortization2 3                                                      $ 183          $ 201
     Gross profit                                                                                              $ 119          $ 151
     Property, plant and equipment expenditures                                                                $ 41           $ 40

     Notes:
     1. Represents production and sales from Red Dog and Pend Oreille (closed in July, 2019). Excludes co-product zinc production from
        our 22.5% proportionate interest in Antamina.
     2. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     3. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.


     Performance

     Gross profit from our zinc business unit was $119 million in the first quarter compared with $151
     million a year ago. Gross profit before depreciation and amortization decreased by $18 million
     compared with a year ago (see table below) primarily due to lower zinc prices, partially offset by
     lower royalties and lower adjusted cash costs of sales.

     At Red Dog, zinc and lead production in the first quarter increased by 17% and 23%,
     respectively, compared to a year ago. The higher production was primarily due to substantially
     higher mill throughput, which offset lower grades and recoveries. In the first quarter last year, mill
     operations were negatively affected by a 20-day shutdown due to the effects of severe winter
     weather. At Trail Operations, production of refined zinc was 6% higher than a year ago, while
     lead production was similar to a year ago.

     We continue to respond and take action on the challenges presented by COVID-19 to protect the
     safety and health of our employees, contractors and the communities in which we operate.

     At our Trail Operations, we have maintained production levels while reducing the workforce on
     site on weekdays by over 40% through restructured shift schedules and people working from
     home. At Red Dog, we have implemented significant travel restrictions and modified schedules
     due to the fly-in, fly-out nature of the operation. To date, we have maintained normal production
     levels at Red Dog.




20       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     The table below summarizes the change in gross profit before depreciation and amortization, in
     our zinc business unit for the quarter.

                                                                                                             Three months
       Gross Profit Before Depreciation and Amortization1 2 (CAD$ in millions)                              ended March 31,
       As reported in the first quarter of 2019                                                                       $ 201
       Increase (decrease):
         Zinc price realized                                                                                            (89)
         Sales volumes                                                                                                   (5)
         Unit operating costs                                                                                            21
         Inventory write-down                                                                                           (19)
         COVID-19 costs                                                                                                  (1)
         Royalties                                                                                                       68
         Foreign exchange                                                                                                 7
       Net decrease                                                                                                     (18)
       As reported in current quarter                                                                                 $ 183

     Notes:
     1. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     2. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.


     Property, plant and equipment expenditures include $21 million for sustaining capital, of which $9
     million relates to our Trail Operations and $12 million relates to Red Dog.

     Markets

     The zinc concentrate market remained in surplus in the first quarter of 2020. The decline in LME
     zinc prices during the quarter combined with higher treatment charges, put global mine
     production under pressure with high cost mines struggling to maintain margins. Chinese smelters
     returned to near full production levels after brief shutdowns following Lunar New Year. Chinese
     mine production disrupted by COVID-19 has been slower to return, creating a draw on global
     concentrate inventories. Towards the end of the quarter, governments began to implement active
     measures to contain the spread of COVID-19 and extend shutdowns in several zinc producing
     countries around the world, constraining mine production. Spot treatment charges decreased
     towards the end of the quarter.

     The refined zinc market was already under pressure from a slowdown in the automotive sector in
     2019, but was showing signs of improvement in the fourth quarter. The COVID-19 related
     manufacturing slowdown in China post-Lunar New Year initially had an impact on global supply
     chains with auto manufacturers reducing production due to parts shortages. While Chinese
     manufacturing started to recover towards the end of the quarter, manufacturing and construction
     outside of China began to be curtailed. The global zinc market remains under pressure due to
     government measures around the world to contain the spread of COVID-19. While it remains
     unclear how long the slowdown will last, unprecedented stimulus measures are expected to lend
     a level of support to global economies.

     During the first quarter, LME zinc prices averaged US$0.97 per pound, a decline of 12% over the
     previous quarter and a reduction of 21% over the same quarter in 2019. In the first quarter of
     2020, total global exchange inventories were up 154,000 tonnes to an estimated 6 days of global
     consumption, or 233,000 tonnes. London Metal Exchange inventories were up 22,000 tonnes to
     73,000 tonnes and Shanghai Metal Exchange Stocks were up 131,000 tonnes from the

21       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     beginning of the year to 160,000 tonnes. Global exchange stocks remain well below historical
     averages of 18 days of consumption.

     Operations

     Red Dog

     Zinc production of 128,400 tonnes in the first quarter was 18,200 tonnes higher than a year ago,
     due to substantially higher mill throughput as extreme winter conditions in the first quarter of
     2019 adversely affected mill throughput. In addition, the continuing benefits from the
     implementation of mill analytics as part of our RACE21TM innovation-driven business
     transformation program contributed to the higher mill throughput. Lead production increased to
     23,300 tonnes compared with 18,900 tonnes a year ago also as a result of the higher mill
     throughput.

     Operating costs before inventory changes in the first quarter were US$72 million, 11% higher
     than a year ago primarily due to higher mill throughput and material movement as well as higher
     administration costs. Unit operating costs were lower than the same period last year.

     We are implementing an increased number of tailings and water-related projects in 2020 to
     manage increased precipitation and water levels at the Red Dog mine. The frequency of extreme
     weather events has been increasing and these projects are designed to ensure that we can
     continue to optimize the asset and avoid any potential constraints on production in the future.

     Trail Operations

     Refined zinc production of 78,700 tonnes in the first quarter was 4,500 tonnes higher than a year
     ago. The higher production compared to the prior period was primarily due to oxygen plant
     maintenance in 2019, as well as performance optimization as part of our RACE21TM innovation-
     driven business transformation program which is improving roaster feed rates.

     Refined lead production of 19,100 tonnes in the first quarter was similar to the same period last
     year.

     Silver production increased to 3.3 million ounces compared with 2.9 million ounces a year ago as
     a result of higher silver contained in concentrate feeds.

     Operating costs before changes in inventory in the first quarter were similar to a year ago at $89
     million. Due to the substantial decline in commodity prices in March, Trail recorded a $19 million
     inventory write-down primarily related to refined zinc inventories and, to a lesser extent, silver
     inventories.

     Cost of Sales

     Total cash unit costs of product sold in the first quarter for our zinc mining operations, before
     cash margin for by-products, of US$0.46 per pound were slightly lower than a year ago. Lower
     adjusted cash cost of sales were offset by an increase in smelter processing charges. Net cash
     unit costs for zinc, after cash margin for by-products, of US$0.45 per pound were US$0.01 higher
     than a year ago. There were no lead sales during the quarter, which is typical of our seasonal
     sales pattern at Red Dog.


22      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
                                                                                                             Three months
                                                                                                            ended March 31,
     (amounts reported in US$ per pound)                                                                     2020       2019
     Adjusted cash cost of sales1 2                                                                         $ 0.23    $ 0.31
     Smelter processing charges                                                                               0.23      0.16
     Total cash unit costs1 2                                                                               $ 0.46    $ 0.47
     Cash margin for by-products1 2                                                                          (0.01)    (0.03)
     Net cash unit costs1 2                                                                                 $ 0.45    $ 0.44

     Notes:
     1. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     2. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.


     Outlook

     Due to the ongoing uncertainty surrounding COVID-19 and the extent and duration of the
     impacts, we have suspended all previously issued 2020 annual guidance. We continue to
     monitor the impact of COVID-19 on reduced global economic activity and the corresponding
     impact on demand for our products as well as supply of concentrates for our Trail Operations. At
     our zinc operations, we currently continue to operate at normal production levels.

     Sales of Red Dog zinc concentrate are normally lower in the second quarter, ahead of the start of
     the new shipping season. Our second quarter sales could be lower compared to the second
     quarter of 2019 as COVID-19 is expected to continue to impact global economic activity and zinc
     demand and supply. Sales volumes of refined zinc from Trail could decrease significantly from
     first quarter of 2020 levels due to COVID-19 impacts.

     The overall impact on each of our sites will depend on the progression of the pandemic and
     measures in place for preventing transmission. We are fully engaged with our employees and
     union representatives to protect the health and safety of employees.




23       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     ENERGY BUSINESS UNIT

     Fort Hills1

                                                                                                            Three months
                                                                                                           ended March 31,
     (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                          2020     2019
     Blended bitumen price (realized US$/bbl)2 3                                                          $ 28.92       $ 42.12
     Bitumen price (realized CAD$/bbl)2 3                                                                 $ 23.12       $ 48.42
     Operating netback (CAD$/bbl)2 3                                                                      $ (21.49)     $ 6.95
     Production (million bitumen barrels)                                                                      2.9          2.8
     Production (average barrels per day)                                                                  31,706        30,878
     Sales (million blended bitumen barrels)                                                                   4.4          3.7
     Gross profit (loss) before depreciation and amortization3                                            $    (90)     $    22
     Gross profit (loss)                                                                                  $ (123)       $    (5)

     Notes:
     1. Fort Hills figures presented at our ownership interest of 21.3%.
     2. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     3. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.


     Performance

     We incurred a gross loss of $123 million from our energy business unit in the first quarter
     compared with a gross loss of $5 million a year ago. Gross profit before depreciation and
     amortization from our energy business decreased by $112 million from a gross profit of $22
     million a year ago (see table below) to a gross loss of $90 million in the first quarter. Realized
     prices and operating results in the first quarter were significantly affected by a material decline in
     global benchmark crude oil prices, including WCS prices.

     Our 21.3% share of bitumen production from Fort Hills increased by 828 barrels per day in the
     first quarter compared to last year. Production was affected by the continued Government of
     Alberta mandatory production curtailments and unplanned maintenance in the quarter.

     Adjusted operating costs(1) (2) were $34.88 per barrel in the first quarter of 2020, compared to
     $29.42 per barrel in the same period last year, reflecting higher costs associated with increased
     overburden stripping. As a result of the decline in prices, we recorded inventory write-downs
     during the first quarter of approximately $23 million.

     On March 24, 2020, in light of COVID-19 and depressed WCS oil prices, the Fort Hills Partners
     agreed to temporarily operate Fort Hills as a single-train facility, which will reduce negative cash
     flows.




     Notes:
     (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     (2) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.



24       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     The table below summarizes the change in gross profit, before depreciation and amortization, in
     our energy business unit for the quarter:

     Gross Profit (Loss) Before Depreciation and Amortization1 2                                           Three months
     (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                   ended March 31,
      As reported in first quarter of 2019                                                                          $ 22
      Increase (decrease):
        Bitumen price realized                                                                                        (82)
        Sales volumes                                                                                                   8
        Unit operating costs                                                                                          (18)
        Royalties                                                                                                       2
        Inventory write-down                                                                                          (23)
        Foreign exchange                                                                                                1
      Net decrease                                                                                                   (112)
      As reported in current quarter                                                                                $ (90)

     Note:
     1.    Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     2.    See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.


     During the first quarter, we recorded a non-cash, pre-tax asset impairment for our interest in Fort
     Hills of $647 million as a result of lower market expectations for future WCS heavy oil prices over
     the next two years combined with reduced production at our Fort Hills operation. Further
     information about the impairment testing and assumptions used in the analysis are included in
     the Areas of Judgment and Critical Accounting Estimates section of this Management’s
     Discussion and Analysis.

     In the first quarter, our share of Fort Hills’ capital expenditures was $40 million.

     Markets

     Our blended bitumen price realizations are influenced by the monthly calendar NYMEX WTI, and
     Canadian heavy crude oil differentials at Hardisty and the U.S. Gulf Coast for WCS. Price
     realizations are also marginally affected by the specific quality of our blended bitumen.

     In the first quarter, NYMEX WTI averaged US$46.17 per barrel. The WCS price for our Hardisty
     deliveries of blended bitumen were indexed at an average of the NYMEX WTI price less
     US$20.53 per barrel, for a WCS blend value of US$25.64 per barrel. U.S. Gulf Coast deliveries
     were priced at an average of NYMEX WTI minus US$4.29 per barrel, for a WCS blend value of
     US$41.88 per barrel.

     Global crude oil markets are in a period of unprecedented volatility. Since the start of this year,
     NYMEX WTI has lost approximately 65% of its value, closing the quarter at US$20.50 per barrel.
     Prices materially declined throughout the first quarter on the unprecedented loss of demand due
     to the macro economic impacts of the COVID-19 global pandemic. As governments enforce
     greater levels of restrictions, estimates vary on the magnitude of the impact of the pandemic, with
     global demand now estimated to drop by up to 20% or 20 million barrels per day in the second
     quarter.




25       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Operating Netback

     The table below summarizes our Fort Hills operating netback:

                                                                                                                     Three months
                                                                                                                    ended March 31,
     (Amounts reported in CAD$ per barrel of bitumen sold)                                                            2020        2019
     Bitumen price realized1 2 3                                                                                   $ 23.12            $ 48.42
     Crown royalties4                                                                                                (0.92)             (1.75)
     Transportation costs for FRB5                                                                                   (8.81)            (10.30)
     Adjusted operating costs1 2 6                                                                                  (34.88)            (29.42)
     Operating netback1 2                                                                                          $ (21.49)         $    6.95

     Notes:
     1. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     2. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.
     3. Bitumen price realized represents the realized petroleum revenue (blended bitumen sales revenue) net of diluent expense,
        expressed on a per barrel basis. Blended bitumen sales revenue represents revenue from our share of the heavy crude oil blend
        known as Fort Hills Reduced Carbon Life Cycle Dilbit Blend (FRB), sold at the Hardisty and U.S. Gulf Coast market hubs.
        FRB is comprised of bitumen produced from the Fort Hills oil sands mining and processing operations blended with purchased
        diluent. The cost of blending is affected by the amount of diluent required and the cost of purchasing, transporting and blending
        the diluent. A portion of diluent expense is effectively recovered in the sales price of the blended product. Diluent expense is also
        affected by Canadian and U.S. benchmark pricing and changes in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar.
     4. The royalty rate applicable to pre-payout oil sands operations starts at 1% of gross revenue and increases for every dollar by
        which the WTI crude oil price in Canadian dollars exceeds $55 per barrel, to a maximum of 9% when the WTI crude oil price is
        $120 per barrel or higher. Fort Hills is currently in the pre-payout phase.
     5. Transportation costs represent pipeline and storage costs downstream of the East Tank Farm blending facility. We use various
        pipeline and storage facilities to transport and sell our blend to customers throughout North America. Sales to the U.S. mark ets
        require additional transportation costs, but realize higher selling prices.
     6. Adjusted operating costs represent the costs to produce a barrel of bitumen from the Fort Hills mining and processing operation.


     Outlook

     Assuming ongoing production on the basis of operating Fort Hills as a single-train facility through
     the balance of 2020, Suncor, as operator, advises that it now expects Fort Hills’ annual
     production to be approximately 100,000 to 120,000 barrels per day, of which Teck’s share is
     21.3%. Teck expects its 2020 share of Fort Hills production will be reduced to approximately 8 to
     9 million barrels of bitumen, which will significantly reduce variable costs. However, unit costs for
     the remaining production will be higher as a result of fixed costs being spread across lower
     volumes. On the basis of these assumptions, unit operating costs are expected to be CAD$37 to
     CAD$40 per barrel for the year.

     The Fort Hills Partners continue to monitor market conditions and may adjust the operating plan
     for Fort Hills accordingly. The outlook for the remainder of 2020 does not include the effects of
     further reductions in production at Fort Hills or further impacts on costs or production that could
     arise due to COVID-19.

     As a result of reducing operations to a single-train facility at Fort Hills and to minimize negative
     cash flow, we have reduced our planned 2020 capital spending in our energy business unit to
     $85 million from $175 million.




26       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     RACE21TM

     Work continues on our RACE21™ innovation-driven transformation program and based on the
     success of the initial implementation, we were targeting annualized EBITDA improvements
     totaling $1.0 billion by the end of 2021. Of that total, $500 million was originally targeted by the
     end of 2020 and another $500 million in 2021.

     Responding to the challenges presented by COVID-19, our RACE21TM team members mostly
     transitioned to working remotely with reduced deployment at sites. The team is focused on
     locking in the improvements implemented in 2019 and on preparing and planning for additional
     improvement projects planned for 2020 and 2021 to generate additional value in our business.

     Our ability to achieve the expected EBITDA improvements from the RACE21™ projects is
     dependent on the achievement of the expected production and operating results, including
     cost reductions, the ability of our transportation service providers to move additional product to
     market, future commodity prices and exchanges rates and various other factors. In addition, as
     a result of COVID-19, our ability to achieve these targets within these time frames is uncertain.


     OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES

     Other operating expense, net of other income, was $37 million in the first quarter compared with
     $15 million a year ago. Significant items included $98 million of negative pricing adjustments, $24
     million for take or pay contract costs and $21 million of losses on commodity derivatives. Other
     operating expenses also included a $117 million remeasurement gain on closed property
     decommissioning and restoration provisions as a result of changes in discount rates and a $30
     million recovery of share-based compensation in the quarter.

     In the first quarter, we incurred approximately $44 million in costs associated with our response
     to COVID-19 across our operations and projects, including $32 million of costs associated with
     the suspension of construction on our QB2 project.

     The table below outlines our outstanding receivable positions, provisionally valued at December
     31, 2019 and March 31, 2020.

                                                                 Outstanding at           Outstanding at
                                                                 March 31, 2020         December 31, 2019
     (payable pounds in millions)                                Pounds      US$/lb.      Pounds     US$/lb.
     Copper                                                         101         2.18          65        2.80
     Zinc                                                           248         0.85         239        1.04

     Our finance expense of $52 million in the first quarter decreased by $14 million from a year ago.
     Our finance expense includes the interest expense on our debt, on advances to QBSA from
     SMM/SC, and on lease liabilities, letters of credit and standby fees, interest components of our
     pension obligations and accretion on our decommissioning and restoration provisions, less any
     interest that we capitalize against our development projects. The primary reason for the decrease
     compared to the same period last year is a reduction in debt interest due to lower outstanding
     debt balances and a higher amount of interest capitalized against our development projects
     including $62 million for QB2 prior to suspension of the project. We ceased capitalization of

27      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     interest on the QB2 project on March 18, 2020 when we suspended construction activities due to
     COVID-19. We will recommence capitalization of interest on the project when construction
     resumes. Finance expense in 2020 will include interest on draws on the QB2 project financing,
     which will be capitalized from the date construction resumes on the QB2 project.

     Income Taxes

     Recovery for income and resource taxes was $69 million, or 18% of our pre-tax loss of $380
     million. Our overall effective tax rate this quarter was significantly impacted by the $647 million
     pre-tax impairment ($474 million, after-tax) of our interest in Fort Hills, which resulted in a
     deferred income tax recovery at 27% of $173 million. Excluding this impairment, we would have
     pre-tax profit of $267 million and a provision for income and resource taxes of $104 million, or
     39% thereof. This rate is higher than the Canadian statutory income tax rate of 27% mainly as a
     result of resource taxes and higher taxes in some foreign jurisdictions.

     Due to available tax pools, we are currently shielded from cash income taxes in Canada. We
     remain subject to cash resource taxes in Canada and cash taxes in foreign jurisdictions.




28      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     FINANCIAL POSITION AND LIQUIDITY

     Our financial position and liquidity remains strong. Our debt position, net debt, and credit ratios
     are summarized in the table below:

                                                                                                  March 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                      2020             2019
     Term notes                                                                                    $ 3,209           $ 3,209
     Less unamortized fees and discounts                                                               (31)              (31)
     US$4 billion revolving credit facility                                                            112                 –
     QB2 US$2.5 billion limited recourse project finance facility                                       50                 –
     Lease liabilities                                                                                 497               518
     Other                                                                                              25                26
     Debt (US$ in millions)                                                                        $ 3,862           $ 3,722

     Debt (Canadian $ equivalent)1 (A)                                                             $ 5,479           $ 4,834
     Less cash balances                                                                               (219)            (1,026)
     Net debt2 (B)                                                                                 $ 5,260           $ 3,808
     Equity (C)                                                                                    $ 22,085          $ 22,074
     Debt to debt-plus-equity ratio2 (A/(A+C))                                                         20%                18%
     Net-debt to net-debt-plus-equity ratio2 (B/(B+C))                                                 19%                15%
     Debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio2 3                                                                  1.5x               1.1x
     Net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio2 3                                                              1.4x               0.9x
     Average interest rate                                                                            5.6%               5.6%

     Notes:
     1. Translated at period end exchange rates.
     2. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     3. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.


     Our liquidity remains strong at $5.8 billion inclusive of $525 million in cash as at April 20, 2020.

     We maintain various committed and uncommitted credit facilities for liquidity and for the issuance
     of letters of credit. The only financial covenant under our bank agreements is a requirement for
     our net debt to capitalization ratio (1) (2) not to exceed 60%. That ratio was 20% at March 31, 2020.

     We maintain a US$4.0 billion committed revolving credit facility, of which US$3.9 billion was
     undrawn at March 31, 2020. Our US$4.0 billion revolving credit facility is committed through the
     fourth quarter of 2024, does not have a cash-flow based financial covenant, a credit rating trigger
     or a general material adverse effect borrowing condition. We have no significant debt maturities
     prior to 2035 and we have investment grade credit ratings from all four credit rating agencies.




     Notes:
     (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     (2) See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.


29       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     We also have various other uncommitted credit facilities, standby letters of credit, and surety
     bonds that secure our reclamation and other obligations. The amounts issued under these
     facilities totaled approximately $2.7 billion at March 31, 2020. We may be required to post
     additional security in respect of reclamation at our sites in future periods as additional land is
     disturbed, regulatory requirements change or closure plans are updated.

     During the quarter, we drew US$50 million on the US$2.5 billion limited recourse project
     financing facility to fund the development of the QB2 project. Going forward, project funding will
     be from the project financing until the project reaches a specific ratio of project financing to total
     shareholders funding. Teck’s next contributions to project capital are not expected until the first
     quarter of 2021, subject to the impact of COVID-19 on the project schedule and timing of capital
     spending. We do not expect COVID-19 impacts to prevent us from drawing on the project finance
     facility.

     Operating Cash Flow

     Cash flow from operations in the first quarter was $279 million compared with $520 million a year
     ago, with the decrease attributable to the lower commodity prices in the quarter compared with a
     year ago. Cash flow from operations last year was significantly affected by a large use of cash for
     working capital items.

     During the first quarter, changes in working capital items resulted in a use of cash of $139 million
     compared with $698 million a year ago. The significant use of working capital last year was
     primarily related to a significant build-up in our accounts receivable due to the timing of sales, as
     approximately one-half of our sales of steelmaking coal and copper occurred in the latter part of
     March 2019.

     Investing Activities

     Expenditures on property, plant and equipment were $818 million in the first quarter, including
     $468 million for the QB2 project, $180 million on sustaining capital and $159 million on major
     enhancement projects. The largest components of sustaining expenditures were $102 million at
     our steelmaking coal operations, $24 million at Fort Hills, $18 million at Antamina and $12 million
     at Red Dog.

     Capitalized production stripping costs were $172 million in the first quarter compared with $199
     million a year ago. The majority of this represents the advancement of pits for future production
     at our steelmaking coal mines.




30      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     The table below summarizes our capital spending for the first quarter of 2020:

                                             Major          New Mine      QB2      Sub-    Capitalized
      ($ in millions)   Sustaining     Enhancement        Development   Project    total     Stripping   Total
      Steelmaking
        coal                  $ 102              $ 115           $ –     $     –   $ 217        $ 119    $ 336
      Copper                     29                  7             9         468     513           44      557
      Zinc                       21                 19             1           –      41            9       50
      Energy                      24                 16            1          –      41             –      41
      Corporate                    4                  2            –          –       6             –       6
                              $ 180              $ 159           $ 11    $ 468     $ 818        $ 172    $ 990

     Financing Activities

     We purchased approximately 16.3 million Class B subordinate voting shares under our normal
     course issuer bid for $207 million in the first quarter of 2020. These purchases complete the $1.0
     billion of share buy-backs previously authorized.

     During the first quarter, we drew US$50 million on the US$2.5 billion limited recourse project
     financing facility to fund the development of the QB2 project. In addition, we drew a net US$112
     million from our US$4.0 billion revolving credit facility.

     In March, we paid our regular base dividend of $0.05 per share, which totaled $27 million.


     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

     The sales of our products are denominated in U.S. dollars while a significant portion of our
     expenses are incurred in local currencies, particularly the Canadian dollar and the Chilean peso.
     Foreign exchange fluctuations can have a significant effect on our operating margins, unless
     such fluctuations are offset by related changes to commodity prices.

     Our U.S. dollar denominated debt is subject to revaluation based on changes in the
     Canadian/U.S. dollar exchange rate. As at March 31, 2020, $3.2 billion of our U.S. dollar
     denominated debt is designated as a hedge against our foreign operations that have a U.S.
     dollar functional currency. As a result, any foreign exchange gains or losses arising on that
     amount of our U.S. dollar debt are recorded in other comprehensive income, with the remainder
     being charged to profit.

     Commodity markets are volatile. Prices can change rapidly and customers can alter shipment
     plans. This can have a substantial effect on our business and financial results. Continued
     uncertainty in global markets arising from the macroeconomic outlook and government policy
     changes, including tariffs and the potential for trade disputes, may have a significant positive or
     negative effect on the prices of the various products we produce. While price volatility will remain
     a significant factor in our industry, we have taken steps to insulate our company from its effects,
     including strengthening our balance sheet and credit ratings by reducing debt.

     We remain confident in the longer-term outlook for our major commodities, however, global
     economic uncertainty and COVID-19 have had a significant negative effect on the prices for our

31      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     products in the first quarter. The extent and duration of impacts that COVID-19 may have on
     demand and prices for our commodities, on our suppliers and employees and on global financial
     markets over the remainder of the year and going forward is not known at this time, but could be
     material.

     Commodity Prices and Sensitivities

     Commodity prices are a key driver of our profit and cash flows. On the supply side, the depleting
     nature of ore reserves, difficulties in finding new ore bodies, the permitting processes, the
     availability of skilled resources to develop projects, as well as infrastructure constraints, political
     risk and significant cost inflation may continue to have a moderating effect on the growth in future
     production for the industry as a whole. As a result of the impact of COVID-19, we have
     suspended all previously issued 2020 annual guidance. The production volumes in our guidance
     form the basis for our commodity sensitivity calculations and as a result, we have not included
     commodity price sensitivity information as at March 31, 2020.


     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND DERIVATIVES

     We hold a number of financial instruments and derivatives, which are recorded on our balance
     sheet at fair value with gains and losses in each period included in other comprehensive income
     and profit for the period as appropriate. The most significant of these instruments are marketable
     securities, metal-related forward contracts including those embedded in our silver and gold
     streaming agreements and settlements receivable and payable. Some of our gains and losses on
     metal-related financial instruments are affected by smelter price participation and are taken into
     account in determining royalties and other expenses. All are subject to varying rates of taxation
     depending on their nature and jurisdiction.


     GUIDANCE

     The extent and duration of impacts that COVID-19 may have on demand and prices for our
     commodities, on our suppliers and employees and on global financial markets over the
     remainder of the year and going forward is not known at this time but could be material. As a
     result, we have suspended all previously issued 2020 annual guidance.

     In the context of COVID-19 and current market conditions, we have intensified our focus on our
     cost-reduction program and have increased our total targeted operating and capital cost
     reductions to approximately $1.0 billion of previously planned spending through the end of 2020.
     Our targeted cost reductions do not include initiatives that would result in a reduction in the
     production volumes of our commodities or that could adversely affect the health and safety of our
     people.




32      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     QUARTERLY (LOSS) PROFIT AND CASH FLOW

      (in millions, except for share data)        2020                      2019                                   2018
                                                     Q1           Q4       Q3        Q2         Q1         Q4     Q3      Q2      Q1
       Revenue                                  $ 2,377 $ 2,655 $ 3,035 $ 3,138 $ 3,106 $ 3,247 $ 3,209 $ 3,016 $ 3,092
       Gross profit                                  398       460        787     1,051      1,042      1,011   1,009   1,241   1,360
       EBITDA (loss)1 2                               45    (1,904)     1,036       827      1,410      1,164   2,073   1,413   1,562
       Profit (loss) attributable to
         shareholders                               (312) (1,835)         369       231        630        433   1,281     634    759
       Basic earnings (loss) per share          $ (0.57) $ (3.33) $ 0.66 $ 0.41 $ 1.11 $ 0.75 $ 2.23 $ 1.10 $ 1.32
       Diluted earnings (loss) per share $ (0.57) $ (3.33) $ 0.66 $ 0.41 $ 1.10 $ 0.75 $ 2.20 $ 1.09 $ 1.30
       Cash flow from operations                $    279 $     782 $ 1,062 $ 1,120 $           520 $ 1,164 $ 2,073 $ 1,413 $ 1,562
     Notes:
     1. Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for further information.
     2. See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” section for reconciliation.



     AREAS OF JUDGMENT AND CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

     In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make judgments in applying our accounting
     policies. The judgments that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in our
     financial statements include the assessment of impairment indicators, the determination of the
     available for use date for property, plant and equipment, accounting for joint arrangements,
     streaming transactions and the accounting for income taxes. In addition, we make assumptions
     about the future in deriving estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
     Sources of estimation uncertainty include estimates used to determine the recoverable amounts of
     long-lived assets, recoverable reserves and resources, the provision for income taxes and the
     related deferred tax assets and liabilities and the valuation of other assets and liabilities including
     decommissioning and restoration provisions. These areas of judgment and critical accounting
     estimates are consistent with those reported in our 2019 annual consolidated financial statements
     and Management’s Discussion and Analysis, except as updated below.

     Areas of Judgment

     a) Assessment of Impairment Indicators

     Judgment is required in assessing whether certain factors would be considered an indicator of
     impairment or impairment reversal. We consider both internal and external information to
     determine whether there is an indicator of impairment or impairment reversal present and,
     accordingly, whether impairment testing is required. The information we consider in assessing
     whether there is an indicator of impairment or impairment reversal includes, but is not limited to,
     market transactions for similar assets, commodity prices, interest rates, inflation rates, our market
     capitalization, reserves and resources, mine plans and operating results.

     As at March 31, 2020, as a result of lower market expectations for WCS heavy oil prices over the
     next three years combined with reduced production, we reviewed our interest in Fort Hills for
     impairment, as outlined below.



33       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     b) Sources of Estimation Uncertainty

     COVID-19 Economic Uncertainty

     In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared a global pandemic related to COVID-19.
     The current and expected impacts on global commerce are anticipated to be far-reaching. To
     date there have been significant stock market declines and volatility, significant volatility in
     commodity and foreign exchange markets, restrictions on the conduct of business in many
     jurisdictions and the global movement of people and some goods has become restricted. There
     is significant ongoing uncertainty surrounding COVID-19 and the extent and duration of the
     impacts that it may have on demand and prices for the commodities we produce, on our
     suppliers, on our employees and on global financial markets. Concurrent with the impact of
     COVID-19 on demand in energy markets, oil supply to global markets has increased placing
     further negative pressure on oil prices.

     During the quarter ended March 31, 2020, we have made efforts to safeguard the health of our
     employees, while continuing to operate safely and responsibly maintain employment and
     economic activity. These measures combined with commodity market fluctuations resulting from
     COVID-19 have affected our financial results. While commodity prices have declined in U.S.
     dollar terms, our operations located in Canada, Peru and Chile have benefited from the
     weakening of local currencies relative to the US dollar.

     We recorded inventory net realizable value write-downs of $42 million related to our zinc and
     energy businesses. Additional write-downs of inventory or reversals of the write-downs taken this
     period may occur over the balance of 2020 as commodity prices and foreign exchange rates
     fluctuate. We also slowed operations at certain of our mines to safeguard the health of our
     employees. These reductions in production levels did not materially impact costs during the
     quarter but may result in adjustments to inventory costing in future periods.

     We recorded property, plant and equipment impairment in the first quarter of $647 million related
     to our interest in Fort Hills. There is heightened potential for further impairments or reversal of
     these and possibly other impairments over the balance of 2020. In the current environment,
     assumptions about future commodity prices, exchange rates, interest rates and customer credit
     performance are subject to greater variability than normal, which could in future significantly
     affect the valuation of our assets, both financial and non-financial. Short-term prices for all of our
     commodities have declined in the period preceding the end of the first quarter; however, given
     the relatively short duration of this market movement, market participant views of commodity
     prices over a longer horizon reflecting the long life of many of our assets have remained largely
     unchanged. As an understanding of the longer-term impacts of COVID-19 on commodity, credit
     and equity markets develops, there is heightened potential for changes in these views over the
     balance of 2020.

     In addition, on March 18, 2020, to support public health efforts in Chile, we suspended
     construction of our QB2 project. As the project has temporarily moved into care and
     maintenance, we ceased capitalization of borrowing costs and expensed $5 million of interest
     that would otherwise have been capitalized and we expensed approximately $32 million of costs
     associated with the suspension of construction on our QB2 project. Costs to maintain the site
     and contractors on standby and other costs associated with a potential restart of construction
     activities will be expensed in future periods. We also expensed approximately $7 million in other



34      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     costs associated with COVID-19, resulting in total costs of $44 million of costs relating to COVID-
     19 being expensed in the first quarter.

     Impairment Testing

     When impairment testing is required, discounted cash flow models are used to determine the
     recoverable amount of respective assets. These models are prepared internally with assistance
     from third-party advisors when required. When market transactions for comparable assets are
     available, these are considered in determining the recoverable amount of assets. Significant
     assumptions used in preparing discounted cash flow models include commodity prices, reserves
     and resources, mine plans, operating costs, capital expenditures, discount rates, foreign
     exchange rates and inflation rates. These inputs are based on management’s best estimates of
     what an independent market participant would consider appropriate. Changes in these inputs
     may alter the results of impairment testing, the amount of the impairment charges or reversals
     recorded in the statement of income and the resulting carrying values of assets.

     The recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit (CGU) or group of CGUs is determined as
     the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use.

     In the current environment, assumptions about future commodity prices, exchange rates and
     interest rates are subject to greater variability than normal, which could in future significantly
     affect the valuation of our assets, including our interest in Fort Hills. Short-term prices for all of
     our commodities, including blended bitumen, have declined in the period preceding the end of
     the first quarter; however, given the relatively short duration of this market movement, market
     participant views of commodity prices over a longer horizon reflecting the long life of many of our
     assets have remained largely unchanged. As an understanding of the longer-term impacts of
     COVID-19 on commodity, credit and equity markets develops, there is heightened potential for
     changes in these views over the balance of 2020.

     During the first quarter, we recorded a non-cash, pre-tax asset impairment for our interest in Fort
     Hills of $647 million as a result of lower market expectations for future WCS heavy oil prices,
     over the next three years and reduced production. The economic model for determining the
     amount of impairment of our interest in Fort Hills assumes a current WCS heavy oil price in 2020
     and increases to a long-term WCS price of US$50 per barrel in 2024. The long-term Canadian to
     U.S. dollar foreign exchange rate assumption used in the analysis was CAD$1.30 to US$1.00. A
     5.4% real, 7.5% nominal, post-tax discount rate was used to discount our cash flow projections
     based on an oil sands weighted average cost of capital. Cash flow projections used in the 2020
     analysis were based on current life of mine plans at the testing date and cash flows covered a
     period of 41 years. These plans include temporarily operating as a single train facility in 2020 and
     2021, reducing production rates to approximately 50% of capacity with an increase to full
     production rates in 2022.

     The recoverable amount of Fort Hills is most sensitive to changes in WCS oil prices, the
     Canadian/U.S. dollar exchange rates and discount rates. In isolation, a US$1 decrease in the
     long-term WCS oil price would result in a reduction in the recoverable amount of $147 million. A
     $0.01 strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar would result in a reduction in
     the recoverable amount of approximately $51 million. A 25-basis point increase in the discount
     rate would result in a reduction in the recoverable amount of approximately $117 million.




35      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     OUTSTANDING SHARE DATA

     As at April 20, 2020, there were 523.3 million Class B subordinate voting shares (Class B shares)
     and 7.8 million Class A common shares outstanding. In addition, there were approximately 24.8
     million share options outstanding with exercise prices ranging between $5.34 and $58.80 per
     share. More information on these instruments and the terms of their conversion is set out in Note
     24 of our 2019 audited financial statements.


     INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

     Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
     financial reporting. Any system of internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well
     designed, has inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
     provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
     presentation.

     In the quarter we moved all of our corporate office staff and many site administrative staff offsite to
     work from home. This change has required certain processes and controls that were previously
     done or documented manually to be completed and retained in electronic form. Despite the
     changes required by the current environment, there have been no significant changes in our
     internal controls during the quarter ended March 31, 2020 that have materially affected, or are
     reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting.




36      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     REVENUES AND GROSS PROFIT (LOSS)

     Our revenue and gross profit (loss) by business unit are summarized in the tables below:

                                                                                       Three months
                                                                                      ended March 31,
       (Teck’s share in CAD$ millions)                                                2020       2019
       REVENUES
        Steelmaking coal                                                          $ 1,023       $ 1,552
        Copper
         Highland Valley Copper                                                        205          218
         Antamina                                                                      194          220
         Carmen de Andacollo                                                           144          143
         Quebrada Blanca                                                                27           49
                                                                                       570          630
        Zinc
         Trail Operations                                                              452           471
         Red Dog                                                                       250           346
         Pend Oreille                                                                    –            25
         Other                                                                           2             2
         Intra-segment revenues                                                        (96)         (132)
                                                                                       608          712
        Energy                                                                         176          212
       TOTAL REVENUES                                                             $ 2,377       $ 3,106

       GROSS PROFIT (LOSS)
        Steelmaking coal                                                          $    246      $   726
        Copper
         Highland Valley Copper                                                         43           21
         Antamina                                                                       82          122
         Carmen de Andacollo                                                            34           15
         Quebrada Blanca                                                                (2)          13
         Other                                                                          (1)          (1)
                                                                                       156          170
        Zinc
         Trail Operations                                                              (11)         (11)
         Red Dog                                                                       116          149
         Pend Oreille                                                                    –            2
         Other                                                                          14           11
                                                                                       119          151
        Energy                                                                        (123)          (5)
       TOTAL GROSS PROFIT                                                         $    398      $ 1,042




37      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     COST OF SALES SUMMARY

     Our cost of sales information by business unit is summarized in the tables below:
                                                                                     Three months
                                                                                    ended March 31,
       (Teck’s share in CAD$ millions)                                              2020       2019
       OPERATING COSTS
        Steelmaking coal                                                            $ 356       $    396
        Copper
         Highland Valley Copper                                                          119         140
         Antamina                                                                         58          53
         Carmen de Andacollo                                                              76          99
         Quebrada Blanca                                                                  23          26
         Other                                                                             1           1
                                                                                         277         319
        Zinc
         Trail Operations                                                                126         126
         Red Dog                                                                          54          54
         Pend Oreille                                                                      –          21
         Other                                                                           (12)         (9)
                                                                                         168         192
        Energy                                                                           136          82
       Total operating costs                                                        $ 937           $ 989

       TRANSPORTATION COSTS
        Steelmaking coal                                                            $ 242           $ 240
        Copper
         Highland Valley Copper                                                            9          10
         Antamina                                                                          8           6
         Carmen de Andacollo                                                               8           7
         Quebrada Blanca                                                                   1           1
                                                                                          26          24
        Zinc
         Trail Operations                                                                 38          36
         Red Dog                                                                          25          30
         Pend Oreille                                                                      –           1
                                                                                          63          67
        Energy                                                                            30          26
       Total transportation costs                                                   $ 361           $ 357




38      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     COST OF SALES SUMMARY, continued

                                                                  Three months
                                                                ended March 31,
      (Teck’s share in CAD$ millions)                            2020         2019
      RAW MATERIAL PURCHASES
       Zinc concentrate purchases
         Trail Operations                                       $   277    $    300
         Intra-segment purchases                                    (96)       (132)
                                                                    181        168
      Energy (diluent and non-proprietary blend purchases)          100         82
      Total raw material purchases                              $   281    $   250
      ROYALTY COSTS
       Steelmaking coal                                         $     4    $      7
       Copper
        Antamina                                                      5           4
       Zinc
        Red Dog                                                      13         84
        Pend Oreille                                                  –          –
                                                                     13         84
      Total royalty costs                                       $    22    $    95

      DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION
       Steelmaking coal                                         $   175    $   183
       Copper
        Highland Valley Copper                                       34         47
        Antamina                                                     41         35
        Carmen de Andacollo                                          26         22
        Quebrada Blanca                                               5          9
                                                                    106        113
       Zinc
        Trail Operations                                             22         20
        Red Dog                                                      42         29
        Pend Oreille                                                  –          1
                                                                     64         50
       Energy                                                        33         27
      Total depreciation and amortization                       $   378        373
      TOTAL COST OF SALES                                       $ 1,979    $ 2,064




39     Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     CAPITALIZED STRIPPING COSTS
                                                                  Three months
                                                                ended March 31,
      (Teck’s share in CAD$ millions)                            2020         2019
      Steelmaking coal                                          $ 119        $ 143
      Copper
        Highland Valley Copper                                    23           23
        Antamina                                                  18           22
        Carmen de Andacollo                                        3            3
                                                                  44           48
      Zinc
         Red Dog                                                    9           8
      Total                                                     $ 172        $ 199




40     Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     PRODUCTION AND SALES STATISTICS

     Production statistics for each of our operations are presented in the tables below. Operating
     results are on a 100% basis.
                                                                                                                 Three months
                                                                                                                ended March 31,
      Steelmaking coal                                                                                           2020        2019
       Waste production (million BCM’s)                                                                           65.5        70.8
       Clean coal production (million tonnes)                                                                      4.9         6.1
       Clean coal strip ratio (waste BCM’s/coal tonnes)                                                          13.3:1          11.5:1
       Sales (million tonnes)                                                                                       5.7             6.2

     Highland Valley Copper
       Tonnes mined (000's)                                                                                     25,853          26,408
       Tonnes milled (000's)                                                                                    11,626          12,302
       Copper
         Grade (%)                                                                                                 0.27            0.26
         Recovery (%)                                                                                              84.2            82.7
         Production (000's tonnes)                                                                                 27.1            26.0
         Sales (000's tonnes)                                                                                      27.2            26.3
       Molybdenum
         Production (million pounds)                                                                                 1.2            1.8
         Sales (million pounds)                                                                                      1.4            1.2

     Antamina
       Tonnes mined (000's)                                                                                     52,872          57,900
       Tonnes milled (000's)
         Copper-only ore                                                                                          6,709           6,225
         Copper-zinc ore                                                                                          6,197           5,240
                                                                                                                 12,906         11,465
       Copper1
         Grade (%)                                                                                                 0.88            1.04
         Recovery (%)                                                                                              86.4            89.6
         Production (000's tonnes)                                                                                101.2           106.2
         Sales (000's tonnes)                                                                                      94.8           102.6
       Zinc1
          Grade (%)                                                                                                2.03            1.58
          Recovery (%)                                                                                             86.4            84.4
          Production (000's tonnes)                                                                               111.7            73.3
          Sales (000's tonnes)                                                                                    108.9            72.4
       Molybdenum
         Production (million pounds)                                                                                 3.2                0.5
         Sales (million pounds)                                                                                      3.5                1.7
     Note:
     1. Copper ore grades and recoveries apply to all of the processed ores. Zinc ore grades and recoveries apply to copper-zinc ores
        only.




41       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     PRODUCTION AND SALES STATISTICS, continued

                                                                                                                 Three months
                                                                                                                ended March 31,
      Carmen de Andacollo                                                                                         2020       2019
      Tonnes mined (000’s)                                                                                        6,487           6,037
      Tonnes milled (000’s)                                                                                       4,792           4,190
      Copper
        Grade (%)                                                                                                   0.40           0.37
        Recovery (%)                                                                                                87.6           89.0
        Production (000’s tonnes)                                                                                   16.7           14.0
        Sales (000’s tonnes)                                                                                        20.3           18.4
      Copper cathode
        Production (000’s tonnes)                                                                                    0.7             0.7
        Sales (000’s tonnes)                                                                                         0.5             0.7
      Gold1
        Production (000’s ounces)                                                                                   14.8           13.2
        Sales (000’s ounces)                                                                                        18.9           18.4
     Note:
     1. 100% of the gold produced is for the account of Royal Gold, Inc. until 900,000 ounces have been delivered, and 50% thereafter.


     Quebrada Blanca
      Production (000's tonnes)                                                                                      3.3             5.6
      Sales (000's tonnes)                                                                                           3.7             5.8




42       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     PRODUCTION AND SALES STATISTICS, continued

                                                                 Three months
                                                                ended March 31,
                                                                  2020       2019
     Trail Operations
      Concentrate treated (000’s tonnes)
        Zinc                                                      147        145
        Lead                                                       33         32
      Metal production
        Zinc (000's tonnes)                                       78.7       74.2
        Lead (000's tonnes)                                       19.1       19.0
        Silver (million ounces)                                    3.3        2.9
        Gold (000's ounces)                                       10.7        7.6
      Metal sales
        Zinc (000's tonnes)                                       80.3       75.2
        Lead (000's tonnes)                                       17.2       17.4
        Silver (million ounces)                                    3.4        2.9
        Gold (000's ounces)                                       10.2        6.6

     Red Dog
      Tonnes mined (000's)                                       2,743      2,132
      Tonnes milled (000's)                                      1,136        887
      Zinc
         Grade (%)                                                14.0       15.0
         Recovery (%)                                             80.9       82.8
         Production (000's tonnes)                               128.4      110.2
         Sales (000's tonnes)                                    133.9      130.5
      Lead
         Grade (%)                                                 4.1        4.1
         Recovery (%)                                             50.6       51.7
         Production (000's tonnes)                                23.3       18.9
         Sales (000's tonnes)                                        –          –




43     Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES

     Our financial results are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
     (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. This document refers to a
     number of Non-GAAP Financial Measures which are not measures recognized under IFRS and
     do not have a standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS or Generally Accepted Accounting
     Principles (GAAP) in the United States.

     The Non-GAAP Measures described below do not have standardized meanings under IFRS,
     may differ from those used by other issuers, and may not be comparable to such measures as
     reported by others. These measures have been derived from our financial statements and
     applied on a consistent basis as appropriate. We disclose these measures because we believe
     they assist readers in understanding the results of our operations and financial position and are
     meant to provide further information about our financial results to investors. These measures
     should not be considered in isolation or used in substitute for other measures of performance
     prepared in accordance with IFRS.

     We have changed our calculations of adjusted profit attributable to shareholders and adjusted
     EBITDA to include additional items that we have not previously included in our adjustments and
     have also changed our debt ratios to compare debt and net debt to adjusted EBITDA rather than
     EBITDA. These changes were made from January 1, 2020 onwards and comparative figures
     have been restated to conform to the current period presentation. In addition to items previously
     adjusted, our adjusted profit attributable to shareholders and adjusted EBITDA now include
     adjustments for environmental costs, including changes relating to the remeasurement of
     decommissioning and restoration costs for our closed operations due to changes in discount
     rates, share-based compensation costs, inventory write-downs and reversals and commodity
     derivatives. We believe that by including these items, which reflect measurement changes on our
     balance sheet, in our adjustments, our adjusted profit attributable to shareholders and adjusted
     EBITDA will reflect the recurring results of our core operating activities. This revised presentation
     will help us and readers to analyze the rest of our results more clearly and to understand the
     ongoing cash generating potential of our business. With respect to our debt ratios, we believe
     that using adjusted EBITDA, will present a more meaningful basis for us and the reader to
     understand the debt service capacity of our core operating activities.

     Adjusted profit attributable to shareholders – For adjusted profit, we adjust profit attributable
     to shareholders as reported to remove the after-tax effect of certain types of transactions that
     reflect measurement changes on our balance sheet or are not indicative of our normal operating
     activities. We believe adjusted profit helps us and readers better understand the results of our
     core operating activities and the ongoing cash generating potential of our business.

     Adjusted basic earnings per share – Adjusted basic earnings per share is adjusted profit
     divided by average number of shares outstanding in the period.

     Adjusted diluted earnings per share – Adjusted diluted earnings per share is adjusted profit
     divided by average number of fully diluted shares in a period.

     EBITDA – EBITDA is profit before net finance expense, provision for income taxes, and
     depreciation and amortization.




44      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Adjusted EBITDA – Adjusted EBITDA is EBITDA before the pre-tax effect of the adjustments
     that we make to adjusted profit attributable to shareholders as described above.

     The adjustments described above to profit attributable to shareholders and EBITDA highlight
     items and allow us and readers to analyze the rest of our results more clearly. We believe that
     disclosing these measures assists readers in understanding the ongoing cash generating
     potential of our business in order to provide liquidity to fund working capital needs, service
     outstanding debt, fund future capital expenditures and investment opportunities, and pay
     dividends.

     Gross profit before depreciation and amortization – Gross profit before depreciation and
     amortization is gross profit with the depreciation and amortization expense added back. We
     believe this measure assists us and readers to assess our ability to generate cash flow from our
     business units or operations.

     Gross profit margins before depreciation – Gross profit margins before depreciation are gross
     profit before depreciation and amortization, divided by revenue for each respective business unit.
     We believe this measure assists us and readers to compare margins on a percentage basis
     among our business units.

     Unit costs – Unit costs for our steelmaking coal operations are total cost of goods sold, divided
     by tonnes sold in the period, excluding depreciation and amortization charges. We include this
     information as it is frequently requested by investors and investment analysts who use it to
     assess our cost structure and margins and compare it to similar information provided by many
     companies in the industry.

     Adjusted site cash cost of sales – Adjusted site cash cost of sales for our steelmaking coal
     operations is defined as the cost of the product as it leaves the mine excluding depreciation and
     amortization charges, out-bound transportation costs and any one-time collective agreement
     charges and inventory write-down provisions.

     Total cash unit costs – Total cash unit costs for our copper and zinc operations includes
     adjusted cash costs of sales, as described above, plus the smelter and refining charges added
     back in determining adjusted revenue. This presentation allows a comparison of total cash unit
     costs, including smelter charges, to the underlying price of copper or zinc in order to assess the
     margin for the mine on a per unit basis.

     Net cash unit costs – Net cash unit costs of principal product, after deducting co-product and
     by-product margins, are also a common industry measure. By deducting the co- and by-product
     margin per unit of the principal product, the margin for the mine on a per unit basis may be
     presented in a single metric for comparison to other operations. Readers should be aware that
     this metric, by excluding certain items and reclassifying cost and revenue items, distorts our
     actual production costs as determined under IFRS.

     Adjusted cash cost of sales – Adjusted cash cost of sales for our copper and zinc operations is
     defined as the cost of the product delivered to the port of shipment, excluding depreciation and
     amortization charges, any one-time collective agreement charges or inventory write-down
     provisions and by-product cost of sales. It is common practice in the industry to exclude
     depreciation and amortization as these costs are non-cash and discounted cash flow valuation
     models used in the industry substitute expectations of future capital spending for these amounts.


45      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Adjusted operating costs for our energy business unit is defined as the costs of product as it
     leaves the mine, excluding depreciation and amortization charges, cost of diluent for blending to
     transport our bitumen by pipeline, cost of non-proprietary product purchased and transportation
     costs of our product and non-proprietary product and any one-time collective agreement charges
     or inventory write-down provisions.

     Cash margins for by-products – Cash margins for by-products is revenue from by- and co-
     products, less any associated cost of sales of the by and co-product. In addition, for our copper
     operations, by-product cost of sales also includes cost recoveries associated with our streaming
     transactions.

     Adjusted revenue – Adjusted revenue for our copper and zinc operations excludes the revenue
     from co-products and by-products, but adds back the processing and refining charges to arrive at
     the value of the underlying payable pounds of copper and zinc. Readers may compare this on a
     per unit basis with the price of copper and zinc on the LME.

     Adjusted revenue for our energy business unit excludes the cost of diluent for blending and non-
     proprietary product revenues, but adds back crown royalties to arrive at the value of the
     underlying bitumen.

     Blended bitumen revenue – Blended bitumen revenue is revenue as reported for our energy
     business unit, but excludes non-proprietary product revenue, and adds back crown royalties that
     are deducted from revenue.

     Blended bitumen price realized – Blended bitumen price realized is blended bitumen revenue
     divided by blended bitumen barrels sold in the period.

     Operating netback – Operating netbacks per barrel in our energy business unit are calculated
     as blended bitumen sales revenue net of diluent expenses (also referred to as bitumen price
     realized), less crown royalties, transportation and operating expenses divided by barrels of
     bitumen sold. We include this information as investors and investment analysts use it to measure
     our profitability on a per barrel basis and compare it to similar information provided by other
     companies in the oil sands industry.

     The debt-related measures outlined below are disclosed as we believe they provide readers with
     information that allows them to assess our credit capacity and the ability to meet our short and
     long-term financial obligations.

     Net debt – Net debt is total debt, less cash and cash equivalents.

     Debt to debt-plus-equity ratio – debt to debt-plus-equity ratio takes total debt as reported and
     divides that by the sum of total debt plus total equity, expressed as a percentage.

     Net debt to net debt-plus-equity ratio – net debt to net debt-plus-equity ratio is net debt divided
     by the sum of net debt plus total equity, expressed as a percentage.

     Debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio – debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio takes total debt as reported
     and divides that by adjusted EBITDA for the twelve months ended at the reporting period,
     expressed as the number of times adjusted EBITDA needs to be earned to repay all of the
     outstanding debt.


46      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio – net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio is the same calculation
     as the debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio, but using net debt as the numerator.

     Net debt to capitalization ratio – net debt to capitalization ratio is net debt divided by the sum of
     total debt plus equity attributable to shareholders. The ratio is a financial covenant under our
     revolving credit facility.

     Profit (Loss) and Adjusted Profit

                                                                                        Three months
                                                                                       ended March 31,
      (CAD$ in millions)                                                                 2020       2019
      Profit (loss) attributable to shareholders                                        $ (312)      $ 630
      Add (deduct):
         Asset impairment                                                                 474             –
         COVID-19 costs                                                                     22            –
         Environmental costs                                                               (87)         29
         Inventory write-downs (reversals)                                                  27           (8)
         Share-based compensation                                                          (22)         12
         Commodity derivatives                                                              15         (14)
         Debt prepayment option gain                                                         –         (51)
         Other                                                                             (23)        (11)
      Adjusted profit attributable to shareholders                                      $ 94          587
      Adjusted basic earnings per share                                                 $ 0.17      $ 1.03
      Adjusted diluted earnings per share                                               $ 0.17      $ 1.02

     Reconciliation of Basic Earnings per share to Adjusted Basic Earnings per share

                                                                                        Three months
                                                                                       ended March 31,
      (Per share amounts)                                                               2020        2019
      Basic earnings (loss) per share                                                  $ (0.57)     $ 1.11
      Add (deduct):
         Asset impairment                                                                 0.87           –
         COVID-19 costs                                                                   0.04           –
         Environmental costs                                                             (0.16)       0.05
         Inventory write-downs (reversals)                                                0.05       (0.01)
         Share-based compensation                                                        (0.04)       0.02
         Commodity derivatives                                                            0.03       (0.02)
         Debt prepayment option gain                                                         –       (0.09)
         Other                                                                           (0.05)      (0.03)
      Adjusted basic earnings per share                                                 $ 0.17      $ 1.03




47      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Reconciliation of Diluted Earnings per share to Adjusted Diluted Earnings per share

                                                                               Three months
                                                                              ended March 31,
      (Per share amounts)                                                      2020        2019
      Diluted earnings (loss) per share                                       $ (0.57)     $ 1.10
      Add (deduct):
          Asset impairment                                                       0.87          –
          COVID-19 costs                                                         0.04          –
          Environmental costs                                                   (0.16)      0.05
          Inventory write-downs (reversals)                                      0.05      (0.01)
          Share-based compensation                                              (0.04)      0.02
          Commodity derivatives                                                  0.03      (0.02)
          Debt prepayment option gain                                               –      (0.09)
          Other                                                                 (0.05)     (0.03)
      Adjusted diluted earnings per share                                     $ 0.17       $ 1.02




48      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Reconciliation of Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio

                                                 (A)                 (B)          (C)            (A-B+C)
                                               Twelve           Three Months Three months      Twelve months
                                            months ended           ended        ended              ended
                                            December 31,         March 31,    March 31,          March 31,
                                                2019                2019         2020              2020
      Profit (loss)                           $ (588)              $   644        $ (311)      $ (1,543)
      Finance expense net
        of finance income                        218                    54              47          211
      Provision for (recovery of)
        income taxes                             120                   339              (69)        (288)
      Depreciation and
        amortization                          1,619                    373             378         1,624
      EBITDA                                $ 1,369                $ 1,410         $    45     $      4
      Add (deduct):
       Asset impairment                       2,678                      –              647        3,325
       COVID-19 costs                             –                      –               44           44
       Environmental costs                      197                     41             (121)          35
       Inventory write-downs
         (reversals)                              60                   (11)              36         107
       Share-based compensation                    4                    16              (30)         (42)
       Commodity derivatives                     (17)                  (19)              21           23
       Debt prepayment option
         gain                                   (105)                  (70)               –          (35)
       Debt redemption loss                      224                     –                –         224
       Other                                      66                    (7)             (34)          39
      Adjusted EBITDA                       $ 4,476 (D)            $ 1,360         $ 608       $ 3,724 (E)



      Total debt at period end              $ 4,834 (F)                                        $ 5,479 (G)
      Less: cash and cash
        equivalents at period end             (1,026)                                               (219)
      Net debt                              $ 3,808 (H)                                        $ 5,260 (I)

      Debt to adjusted
       EBITDA ratio                              1.1 (F/D)                                           1.5 (G/E)
      Net Debt to adjusted
       EBITDA ratio                              0.9 (H/D)                                           1.4 (I/E)
      Equity attributable to
       shareholders of
         the company                        21,304 (J)                                          21,223 (K)
      Net debt to
       capitalization ratio                     0.15 (H/(F+J))                                      0.20 (I/(G+K))




49     Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA

                                                                            Three months
                                                                           ended March 31,
      (CAD$ in millions)                                                    2020        2019
      Profit (loss)                                                        $ (311)    $   644
      Finance expense net of finance income                                    47          54
      Provision for (recovery of) income taxes                                (69)        339
      Depreciation and amortization                                           378         373
      EBITDA                                                                  45      $ 1,410
      Add (deduct):
       Asset impairment                                                      647             –
       COVID-19 costs                                                         44             –
       Environmental costs                                                  (121)          41
       Inventory write-downs (reversals)                                      36          (11)
       Share-based compensation                                              (30)          16
       Commodity derivatives                                                  21          (19)
       Debt prepayment option gain                                             –          (70)
       Other                                                                 (34)           (7)
      Adjusted EBITDA                                                      $ 608      $ 1,360

     Reconciliation of Gross Profit Before Depreciation and Amortization

                                                                            Three months
                                                                           ended March 31,
      (CAD$ in millions)                                                    2020        2019
      Gross profit                                                          $ 398     $ 1,042
      Depreciation and amortization                                           378         373
      Gross profit before depreciation and amortization                     $ 776     $ 1,415

      Reported as:
      Steelmaking coal                                                      $ 421     $   909
      Copper
        Highland Valley Copper                                                 77          68
        Antamina                                                              123         157
        Carmen de Andacollo                                                    60          37
        Quebrada Blanca                                                         3          22
        Other                                                                  (1)         (1)
                                                                              262         283
      Zinc
         Trail Operations                                                      11           9
         Red Dog                                                              158         178
         Pend Oreille                                                           –           3
         Other                                                                 14          11
                                                                              183         201
      Energy                                                                   (90)        22
      Gross profit before depreciation and amortization                     $ 776     $ 1,415


50     Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Reconciliation of Gross Profit (Loss) Margins Before Depreciation

                                                                          Three months
                                                                         ended March 31,
      (CAD$ in millions)                                                   2020       2019
     Revenues
       Steelmaking coal (E)                                              $ 1,023     $ 1,552
       Copper (F)                                                             570        630
       Zinc (G)                                                               608        712
       Energy (H)                                                             176        212
     Total                                                               $ 2,377     $ 3,106


     Gross profit (loss), before depreciation and amortization
       Steelmaking coal (A)                                              $    421    $   909
       Copper (B)                                                             262        283
       Zinc (C)                                                               183        201
       Energy (D)                                                             (90)        22
     Total                                                               $    776    $ 1,415


     Gross profit margins before depreciation
       Steelmaking coal (A/E)                                                 41%        59%
       Copper (B/F)                                                           46%        45%
       Zinc (C/G)                                                             30%        28%
       Energy (D/H)                                                          (51)%       10%




51      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Steelmaking Coal Unit Cost Reconciliation

                                                                                      Three months
                                                                                     ended March 31,
       (CAD$ in millions, except where noted)                                        2020       2019
       Cost of sales as reported                                                     $ 777       $ 826
       Less:
         Transportation costs                                                            (242)       (240)
         Depreciation and amortization                                                   (175)       (183)
         Inventory write-down reversal                                                      5           –
         COVID-19 costs                                                                    (4)          –
       Adjusted site cash cost of sales                                              $ 361       $ 403
       Tonnes sold (millions)                                                             5.7         6.2
       Per unit amounts – CAD$/tonne
        Adjusted site cash cost of sales                                             $    63     $    65
        Transportation costs                                                              43          39
        Inventory write-down reversal                                                     (1)          –
        COVID-19 costs                                                                     1           –
       Unit costs – CAD$/tonne                                                       $ 106       $ 104
                        1
       US$ amounts
       Average exchange rate (CAD$ per US$1.00)                                      $ 1.34      $ 1.33
       Per unit amounts – US$/tonne
        Adjusted site cash cost of sales                                             $    47     $    49
        Transportation costs                                                              32          29
        Inventory write-down reversal                                                     (1)          –
        COVID-19 costs                                                                     1           –
       Unit costs – US$/tonne                                                        $    79     $    78

     Note:
     1. Average period exchange rates are used to convert to US$/tonne equivalent.




52       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Copper Unit Cost Reconciliation

                                                                                          Three months
                                                                                         ended March 31,
       (CAD$ in millions, except where noted)                                            2020       2019
       Revenue as reported                                                               $ 570     $ 630
       By-product revenue (A)                                                              (77)      (74)
       Smelter processing charges (B)                                                       37        43
       Adjusted revenue                                                                  $ 530     $ 599

       Cost of sales as reported                                                         $ 414     $ 460
       Less:
         Depreciation and amortization                                                    (106)     (113)
         Inventory (write-downs) provision reversal                                          –        11
         COVID-19 costs                                                                     (2)        –
         By-product cost of sales (C)                                                      (20)      (11)
       Adjusted cash cost of sales (D)                                                   $ 286     $ 347

       Payable pounds sold (millions) (E)                                                155.8     158.4
       Per unit amounts – CAD$/pound
        Adjusted cash cost of sales (D/E)                                                $ 1.84    $ 2.19
        Smelter processing charges (B/E)                                                   0.24      0.27
       Total cash unit costs – CAD$/pound                                                $ 2.08    $ 2.46
       Cash margin for by-products – ((A – C)/E)                                          (0.37)    (0.40)
       Net cash unit costs – CAD$/pound                                                  $ 1.71    $ 2.06

       US$ amounts1
       Average exchange rate (CAD$ per US$1.00)                                          $ 1.34    $ 1.33
       Per unit amounts – US$/pound
        Adjusted cash cost of sales                                                      $ 1.37    $ 1.65
        Smelter processing charges                                                         0.18      0.20
       Total cash unit costs – US$/pound                                                 $ 1.55    $ 1.85
       Cash margin for by-products                                                        (0.28)    (0.30)
       Net cash unit costs – US$/pound                                                   $ 1.27    $ 1.55

     Note:
     1. Average period exchange rates are used to convert to US$ per pound equivalent.




53       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Zinc Unit Cost Reconciliation (Mining Operations1)

                                                                                          Three months
                                                                                         ended March 31,
      (CAD$ in millions, except where noted)                                               2020       2019
      Revenue as reported                                                                $ 608      $ 712
      Less:
        Trail Operations revenues as reported                                              (452)      (471)
        Other revenues as reported                                                           (2)        (2)
      Add back: Intra-segment revenues as reported                                           96        132
                                                                                         $ 250      $ 371
      By-product revenues (A)                                                               (2)       (10)
      Smelter processing charges (B)                                                        77         57
      Adjusted revenue                                                                   $ 325      $ 418

      Cost of sales as reported                                                          $ 489      $ 561
      Less:
        Trail Operations cost of sales as reported                                         (463)      (482)
        Other cost of sales as reported                                                      12          9
      Add back: Intra-segment purchases as reported                                          96        132
                                                                                         $ 134      $ 220
      Less:
        Depreciation and amortization                                                       (42)       (30)
        Royalty costs                                                                       (13)       (84)
        COVID-19 costs                                                                       (1)         –
        By-product cost of sales (C)                                                          –          –
      Adjusted cash cost of sales (D)                                                    $ 78       $ 106
      Payable pounds sold (millions) (E)                                                  251.3      259.9
      Per unit amounts – CAD$/pound
       Adjusted cash cost of sales (D/E)                                                 $ 0.31     $ 0.41
       Smelter processing charges (B/E)                                                    0.31       0.22
      Total cash unit costs – CAD$/pound                                                 $ 0.62     $ 0.63
      Cash margin for by-products – ((A - C)/E)                                           (0.01)     (0.04)
      Net cash unit costs – CAD$/pound                                                   $ 0.61     $ 0.59

      US$ amounts2
      Average exchange rate (CAD$ per US$1.00)                                           $ 1.34     $ 1.33
      Per unit amounts – US$/pound
       Adjusted cash cost of sales                                                       $ 0.23     $ 0.31
       Smelter processing charges                                                          0.23       0.16
      Total cash unit costs – US$/pound                                                  $ 0.46     $ 0.47
      Cash margin for by-products                                                         (0.01)     (0.03)
      Net cash unit costs – US$/pound                                                    $ 0.45     $ 0.44
     Notes:
     1. Red Dog and Pend Oreille (closed in July, 2019).
     2. Average period exchange rates are used to convert to US$ per pound equivalent.



54       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Energy Business Unit – Operating Netback, Bitumen and Blended Bitumen Price Realized
     Reconciliations1
                                                                                                                  Three months
                                                                                                                 ended March 31,
      (CAD$ in millions, except where noted)                                                                       2020       2019
      Revenue as reported                                                                                       $     176       $     212
      Less:
        Cost of diluent for blending                                                                                   (97)           (73)
        Non-proprietary product revenue                                                                                 (7)            (8)
      Add back: crown royalties (D)                                                                                      3              5
      Adjusted revenue (A)                                                                                             75       $     136

      Cost of sales as reported                                                                                 $     298       $     217
      Less:
        Depreciation and amortization                                                                                 (33)            (27)
        Inventory write-down                                                                                          (23)              –
      Cash cost of sales                                                                                        $     242       $     190
      Less:
        Cost of diluent for blending                                                                                  (97)            (73)
        Cost of non-proprietary product purchased                                                                       (3)            (9)
        Transportation for non-proprietary product purchased3                                                          (1)              3
        Transportation for costs FRB (C)                                                                              (29)            (29)
      Adjusted operating costs (E)                                                                              $     112       $      82

      Blended bitumen barrels sold (000’s)                                                                           4,419          3,725
      Less diluent barrels included in blended bitumen (000’s)                                                      (1,177)          (925)
      Bitumen barrels sold (000’s) (B)                                                                              3,242           2,800

      Per barrel amounts – CAD$
       Bitumen price realized (A/B)2                                                                            $ 23.12         $ 48.42
       Crown royalties (D/B)                                                                                      (0.92)          (1.75)
       Transportation costs for FRB (C/B)                                                                         (8.81)         (10.30)
       Adjusted operating costs (E/B)                                                                            (34.88)         (29.42)
      Operating netback – CAD$ per barrel                                                                       $ (21.49)       $    6.95
     Notes:
     1. Calculated per unit amounts may differ due to rounding.
     2. Bitumen price realized represents the realized petroleum revenue (blended bitumen sales revenue) net of diluent expense,
        expressed on a per barrel basis. Blended bitumen sales revenue represents revenue from our share of the heavy crude oil blend
        known as Fort Hills Reduced Carbon Life Cycle Dilbit Blend (FRB), sold at the Hardisty and U.S. Gulf Coast market hubs. FRB is
        comprised of bitumen produced from Fort Hills blended with purchased diluent. The cost of blending is affected by the amount of
        diluent required and the cost of purchasing, transporting and blending the diluent. A portion of diluent expense is effectively
        recovered in the sales price of the blended product. Diluent expense is also affected by Canadian and U.S. benchmark pricing
        and changes in the value of the Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar.
     3. Reflects adjustments for costs not directly attributed to the production of Fort Hills bitumen, including transportation for non-
        proprietary product purchased.




55       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     Blended Bitumen Price Realized Reconciliation1
                                                                   Three months
                                                                  ended March 31,
      (CAD$ in millions, except where noted)                          2020        2019
      Revenue as reported                                         $    176    $    212
      Less: non-proprietary product revenue                             (7)         (8)
      Add back: crown royalties                                          3           5

      Blended bitumen revenue (A)                                 $    172    $    209
      Blended bitumen barrels sold (000’s) (B)                      4,419       3,725
      Blended bitumen price realized – (CAD$/barrel) (A/B) = D1   $ 38.87     $ 55.99
      Average exchange rate (CAD$ per US$1.00) (C)                   1.34        1.33
      Blended bitumen price realized – (US$/barrel) (D/C)1        $ 28.92     $ 42.12
     Note:
     1. Calculated per unit amounts may differ due to rounding.




56       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     CAUTIONARY STATEMENT ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     This news release contains certain forward-looking information and forward-looking statements
     as defined in applicable securities laws (collectively referred to as forward-looking statements).
     These statements relate to future events or our future performance. All statements other than
     statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. The use of any of the words
     “anticipate”, “plan”, “continue”, “estimate”, “expect”, “may”, “will”, “project”, “predict”, “potential”,
     “should”, “believe” and similar expressions is intended to identify forward-looking statements.
     These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may
     cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking
     statements. These statements speak only as of the date of this news release.

     These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning: our
     focus and strategy; anticipated global and regional supply, demand and market outlook for our
     commodities; the potential impact of the COVID-19 on our business and operations, including our
     ability to continue operations at our sites; our ability to manage challenges presented by COVID-
     19; cost reduction program targets and timing of achieving those targets; capital cost estimate for
     the QB2 project and anticipated timing of first production; estimated impact of the construction
     suspension period at our QB2 project; expectations regarding the Neptune Bulk Terminals facility
     upgrade including costs, benefits and timing thereof and the frequency and length of our planned
     suspension of operations at Neptune Bulk Terminals and the impact of that suspension;
     expectation that we will be able to extend the lives of Fording River, Elkview and Greenhills
     operations and offset the closure of our Coal Mountain and Cardinal River operations; projected
     coal production capacity; estimated annualized EBITDA increase related to the Elkview
     Operations plant expansion; timing of construction and completion of our Fording AWTF and our
     SRFs; our expectation that Fording River AWTF will be the last full-scale AWTF and that future
     treatment facilities will be SRFs; plans and ability to increase coal production levels in the fourth
     quarter of 2020; expectation that the tailings and water-related projects at Red Dog will ensure
     we can continue to optimize Red Dog mine and avoid potential constraints on production in the
     future; expected 2020 Fort Hills annual production and unit operating costs; capital spending
     estimates; targeted annualized EBITDA improvements and other benefits that will be generated
     from our RACE21TM innovation-driven business transformation program and the associated
     timing and implementation costs; liquidity and availability of borrowings under our credit facilities
     and the QB2 project finance facility; timing of Teck’s next contributions to QB2 project capital;
     and the accounting treatment of COVID-19 related matters.

     These statements are based on a number of assumptions, including, but not limited to,
     assumptions regarding general business and economic conditions, interest rates, commodity and
     power prices, acts of foreign or domestic governments and the outcome of legal proceedings,
     the supply and demand for, deliveries of, and the level and volatility of prices of copper, coal, zinc
     and blended bitumen and our other metals and minerals, as well as oil, natural gas and other
     petroleum products, the timing of the receipt of regulatory and governmental approvals for our
     development projects and other operations, including mine extensions; positive results from the
     studies on our expansion and development projects; our ability to secure adequate
     transportation, including rail, pipeline and port service, for our products our costs of production
     and our production and productivity levels, as well as those of our competitors, continuing
     availability of water and power resources for our operations, our ability to secure adequate
     transportation, pipeline and port services for our products; changes in credit market conditions
     and conditions in financial markets generally, the availability of funding to refinance our
     borrowings as they become due or to finance our development projects on reasonable terms; our


57      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     ability to procure equipment and operating supplies in sufficient quantities and on a timely basis;
     the availability of qualified employees and contractors for our operations, including our new
     developments and our ability to attract and retain skilled employees; the satisfactory negotiation
     of collective agreements with unionized employees; the impact of changes in Canadian-U.S.
     dollar and other foreign exchange rates on our costs and results; engineering and construction
     timetables and capital costs for our development and expansion projects; the benefits of
     technology for our operations and development projects, including the impact of our RACE21™
     program; costs of closure, and environmental compliance costs generally, of operations; market
     competition; the accuracy of our mineral reserve and resource estimates (including with respect
     to size, grade and recoverability) and the geological, operational and price assumptions on which
     these are based; tax benefits and tax rates; the outcome of our coal price and volume
     negotiations with customers; the outcome of our copper, zinc and lead concentrate treatment and
     refining charge negotiations with customers; curtailment measures on oil production taken by the
     Government of Alberta; the resolution of environmental and other proceedings or disputes; our
     ability to obtain, comply with and renew permits in a timely manner; and our ongoing relations
     with our employees and with our business and joint venture partners. Targeted RACE21TM
     EBITDA improvements depend on, among other matters, achievement of expected production
     and operating results, ability of transportation service providers to move additional product to
     market, future commodity prices and exchange rates and various other factors.

     In addition, assumptions regarding the Elk Valley Water Quality Plan include assumptions that
     additional treatment will be effective at scale, and that the technology and facilities operate as
     expected, as well as additional assumptions discussed under the heading “Elk Valley Water
     Management Update”. Assumptions regarding QB2 include current project assumptions and
     assumptions regarding the final feasibility study, CLP/USD exchange rate of 775, as well as there
     being no material and negative impact to the various contractors, suppliers and subcontractors for
     the QB2 project relating to COVID-19 or otherwise that would impair their ability to provide goods
     and services as anticipated during the suspension period or ramp-up of construction activities.
     Assumptions regarding the costs and benefits of the Neptune Bulk Terminals expansion include
     assumptions that the relevant project is constructed and operated in accordance with current
     expectations. Statements regarding the availability of our credit facilities and project financing facility
     are based on assumptions that we will be able to satisfy the conditions for borrowing at the time of a
     borrowing request and that the facilities are not otherwise terminated or accelerated due to an event
     of default. Statements concerning Fort Hills’ future production costs or volumes are based on
     numerous assumptions of management regarding operating matters and on assumptions that
     counterparties perform their contractual obligations, that operating and capital plans will not be
     disrupted by issues such as mechanical failure, unavailability of parts and supplies, labour
     disturbances, interruption in transportation or utilities, adverse weather conditions, and that there
     are no material unanticipated variations in the cost of energy or supplies and may be further
     impacted by reduced demand for oil and low oil prices. The foregoing list of assumptions is not
     exhaustive. Events or circumstances could cause actual results to vary materially.

     Factors that may cause actual results to vary materially include, but are not limited to, changes in
     commodity and power prices, changes in market demand for our products, changes in interest and
     currency exchange rates, acts of governments and the outcome of legal proceedings, inaccurate
     geological and metallurgical assumptions (including with respect to the size, grade and
     recoverability of mineral reserves and resources), unanticipated operational difficulties (including
     failure of plant, equipment or processes to operate in accordance with specifications or
     expectations, cost escalation, unavailability of materials and equipment, government action or
     delays in the receipt of government approvals, industrial disturbances or other job action, adverse


58      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
     weather conditions and unanticipated events related to health, safety and environmental matters),
     union labour disputes, political risk, social unrest, failure of customers or counterparties (including
     logistics suppliers) to perform their contractual obligations, changes in our credit ratings,
     unanticipated increases in costs to construct our development projects, difficulty in obtaining
     permits, inability to address concerns regarding permits of environmental impact assessments, and
     changes or further deterioration in general economic conditions. Certain operations and projects are
     not controlled by us; schedules and costs may be adjusted by our partners, and timing of spending
     and operation of the operation or project is not in our control. Current and new technologies relating
     to our Elk Valley water treatment efforts may not perform as anticipated, and ongoing monitoring
     may reveal unexpected environmental conditions requiring additional remedial measures. EBITDA
     improvements may be impacted by the effectiveness of our projects, actual commodity prices and
     sales volumes, among other matters. The updated QB2 capital cost estimate and timing of first
     production do not take into account the impact of the current suspension, and the length of the
     suspension will impact costs and schedule.

     The forward-looking statements in this news release and actual results will also be impacted by the
     effects of COVID-19 and related matters. The overall effects of COVID-19 related matters on our
     business and operations and projects will depend on how quickly our sites can safely return to
     normal operations, and on the duration of impacts on our customers and markets for our products,
     all of which are unknown at this time. Returning to normal operating activities is highly dependant on
     the progression of the pandemic and the success of measures taken to prevent transmission, which
     will influence when health and government authorities remove various restrictions on business
     activities.

     We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required under
     securities laws. Further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with these
     forward-looking statements and our business can be found in our Annual Information Form for the
     year ended December 31, 2019, filed under our profile on SEDAR (www.sedar.com) and on
     EDGAR (www.sec.gov) under cover of Form 40-F, as well as subsequent filings that can also be
     found under our profile.

     Scientific and technical information in this quarterly report regarding our coal properties, which for
     this purpose does not include the discussion under “Elk Valley Water Management Update” was
     reviewed, approved and verified by Messrs. Don Mills P.Geo. and Robin Gold P.Eng., each
     employees of Teck Coal Limited and each a Qualified Person as defined under National Instrument
     43-101. Scientific and technical information in this quarterly report regarding our other properties
     was reviewed, approved and verified by Rodrigo Alves Marinho, P.Geo., an employee of Teck and a
     Qualified Person as defined under National Instrument 43-101.


     WEBCAST

     Teck will host an Investor Conference Call to discuss its Q1/2020 financial results at 11:00 AM
     Eastern time, 8:00 AM Pacific time, on Tuesday, April 21, 2020. A live audio webcast of the
     conference call, together with supporting presentation slides, will be available at our website at
     www.teck.com. The webcast will be archived at www.teck.com




59      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
             Teck Resources Limited
Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
        For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2020
Teck Resources Limited
Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss)
(Unaudited)

                                                                    Three months
                                                                   ended March 31,
 (CAD$ in millions, except for share data)                         2020            2019
 Revenues (Note 3)                                               $ 2,377       $ 3,106
 Cost of sales                                                    (1,979)       (2,064)
 Gross profit                                                       398            1,042
 Other operating income (expenses)
    General and administration                                       (31)            (40)
    Exploration                                                      (12)            (15)
    Research and innovation                                          (22)            (10)
    Asset impairment (Note 4)                                       (647)              –
    Other operating income (expense) (Note 5)                        (37)            (15)
 Profit (loss) from operations                                      (351)            962
 Finance income                                                        5              12
 Finance expense (Note 6)                                            (52)            (66)
 Non-operating income (Note 7)                                        22              75
 Share of loss of associates and joint ventures                       (4)              –
 Profit (loss) before taxes                                         (380)            983
 Recovery of (provision for) income taxes                             69            (339)
 Profit (loss) for the period                                    $ (311)       $     644

 Profit (loss) attributable to:
    Shareholders of the company                                  $ (312)       $     630
    Non-controlling interests                                         1               14
 Profit (loss) for the period                                    $ (311)       $     644



 Earnings (loss) per share
    Basic                                                        $ (0.57)      $ 1.11
     Diluted                                                     $ (0.57)      $ 1.10
 Weighted average shares outstanding (millions)                    544.4           567.7
 Weighted average diluted shares outstanding (millions)            544.4           574.4
 Shares outstanding at end of period (millions)                    531.0           565.4




61      Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(Unaudited)

                                                                                           Three months
                                                                                         ended March 31,
 (CAD$ in millions)                                                                      2020           2019
 Profit (loss) for the period                                                           $ (311)       $ 644

 Other comprehensive income (loss) for the period
   Items that may be reclassified to profit (loss)
     Currency translation differences (net of taxes of $51 and $(10))                     601          (124)
                                                                                          601          (124)
     Items that will not be reclassified to profit (loss)
      Change in fair value of marketable equity securities (net of taxes $1 and $nil)      (13)           3
      Remeasurements of retirement benefit plans (net of taxes of $9 and $(11))            (38)          38
                                                                                           (51)          41
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) for the period                                   550            (83)
 Total comprehensive income for the period                                              $ 239         $ 561

 Total other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to:
   Shareholders of the company                                                          $ 460         $ (81)
   Non-controlling interests                                                               90            (2)
                                                                                        $ 550         $ (83)

 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
   Shareholders of the company                                                          $ 148         $ 549
   Non-controlling interests                                                               91            12
                                                                                        $ 239         $ 561




62       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(Unaudited)

                                                                                                                Three months
                                                                                                               ended March 31,
  (CAD$ in millions)                                                                                           2020            2019
  Operating activities
    Profit (loss) for the period                                                                              $ (311)      $      644
    Depreciation and amortization                                                                                378              373
    Provision for (recovery of) income taxes                                                                     (69)             339
    Asset impairment                                                                                             647                –
    Gain on sale of investments and assets                                                                       (20)              (7)
    Foreign exchange gains                                                                                        (8)              (5)
    Gain on debt prepayment options                                                                                –              (70)
    Net finance expense                                                                                           47               54
    Income taxes paid                                                                                            (76)            (160)
    Remeasurement of DRP1 liability for closed operations                                                       (117)              35
    Other                                                                                                        (53)              15
    Net change in non-cash working capital items                                                                (139)            (698)
                                                                                                                279              520
  Investing activities
     Expenditures on property, plant and equipment                                                              (818)            (482)
     Capitalized production stripping costs                                                                     (172)            (199)
     Expenditures on investments and other assets                                                                (29)             (32)
     Proceeds from investments and assets                                                                         61               13
                                                                                                                (958)            (700)
  Financing activities
     Proceeds from debt                                                                                          446                –
     Repayment of debt                                                                                          (226)               –
     Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                              (43)             (31)
     QB22 advances from SMM/SC3                                                                                    –              900
     QB2 equity contributions by SMM/SC                                                                            –              391
     QB2 partnering and financing transaction costs paid                                                          (7)             (14)
     Interest and finance charges paid                                                                          (109)            (110)
     Issuance of Class B subordinate voting shares                                                                 –                6
     Purchase and cancellation of Class B subordinate voting shares                                             (207)            (180)
     Dividends paid                                                                                              (27)             (28)
     Contributions from (distributions to) non-controlling interests                                               1               (6)
                                                                                                                (172)            928
  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                                    44              (36)
  Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                              (807)            712
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                                             1,026           1,734
  Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                                                  $ 219        $ 2,446
 Notes:
 1. Decommissioning and restoration provision.
 2. Quebrada Blanca Phase 2 copper development project.
 3. Sumitomo Metal Mining Co., Ltd. (SMM) and Sumitomo Corporation (SC) are referred to together as SMM/SC.


63        Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(Unaudited)

                                                                   March 31,    December 31,
  (CAD$ in millions)                                                  2020            2019
  ASSETS
  Current assets
     Cash and cash equivalents                                     $      219       $ 1,026
     Current income taxes receivable                                       70            95
     Trade and settlement receivables                                   1,014         1,062
     Inventories                                                        1,875         1,981
     Prepaids and other current assets                                    338           331
                                                                        3,516         4,495
  Financial and other assets                                            1,077         1,109
  Investments in associates and joint ventures                          1,180         1,079
  Property, plant and equipment                                        31,653        31,355
  Deferred income tax assets                                              211           211
  Goodwill                                                              1,137         1,101
                                                                   $ 38,774         $ 39,350
  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
  Current liabilities
     Trade accounts payable and other liabilities                  $ 2,177          $ 2,498
     Current portion of debt (Note 8)                                  198               29
     Current portion of lease liabilities                              163              160
     Current income taxes payable                                       65               89
                                                                        2,603         2,776
  Debt (Note 8)                                                         4,576         4,133
  Lease liabilities                                                       542           512
  QB2 advances from SMM/SC                                                997           912
  Deferred income tax liabilities                                       5,780         5,902
  Retirement benefit liabilities                                          481           505
  Provisions and other liabilities                                      1,710         2,536
                                                                       16,689        17,276
  Equity
     Attributable to shareholders of the company                       21,223        21,304
     Attributable to non-controlling interests                            862           770
                                                                       22,085        22,074
                                                                   $ 38,774         $ 39,350




64        Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
(Unaudited)

                                                                                        Three months
                                                                                       ended March 31,
 (CAD$ in millions)                                                                     2020           2019
 Class A common shares                                                             $        6      $        6
 Class B subordinate voting shares
 Beginning of period                                                                    6,323           6,595
   Share repurchases                                                                     (190)            (67)
   Issued on exercise of options                                                            –               8
 End of period                                                                          6,133           6,536
 Retained earnings
 Beginning of period                                                                   14,447          15,495
   IFRS 16 transition adjustment on January 1, 2019                                         –             (43)
   Profit (loss) for the period attributable to shareholders of the company              (312)            630
   Dividends paid                                                                         (27)            (28)
   Share repurchases                                                                      (17)           (105)
   Adjustment from SMM/SC transaction                                                       –               4
   Remeasurements of retirement benefit plans                                             (38)             38
 End of period                                                                         14,053          15,991
 Contributed surplus
 Beginning of period                                                                     219             204
   Share option compensation expense                                                       5               4
   Transfer to Class B subordinate voting shares on exercise of options                    –              (2)
 End of period                                                                           224             206
 Accumulated other comprehensive income attributable
  to shareholders of the company
 Beginning of period                                                                     309             584
   Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                     460             (81)
   Less remeasurements of retirement benefit plans recorded in retained earnings          38             (38)
 End of period                                                                           807             465
 Non-controlling interests
 Beginning of period                                                                     770             134
   Profit for the period attributable to non-controlling interests                         1              14
   Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests            90               (2)
   Adjustments from SMM/SC transaction                                                     –             675
   Contributions (distributions)                                                           1               (6)
 End of period                                                                           862             815
 Total equity                                                                      $ 22,085        $ 24,019




65       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Notes to Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)

1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

We prepare our annual consolidated financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). These condensed interim consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34, Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34).

These condensed interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with our most recent annual
financial statements. These condensed interim consolidated financial statements follow the same accounting policies and
methods of application as our most recent annual financial statements. On April 20, 2020, the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors authorized these financial statements for issuance.


2. COVID-19 ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

In preparing our consolidated financial statements, we make judgments in applying our accounting policies. The areas of
policy judgment are consistent with those reported in our 2019 annual consolidated financial statements. In addition, we
make assumptions about the future in deriving estimates used in preparing our consolidated financial statements. As
disclosed in our 2019 annual consolidated financial statements, sources of estimation uncertainty include estimates used to
determine the recoverable amounts of long-lived assets, recoverable reserves and resources, the provision for income
taxes and the related deferred tax assets and liabilities and the valuation of other assets and liabilities including
decommissioning and restoration provisions.

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared a global pandemic related to COVID-19. The current and expected
impacts on global commerce are anticipated to be far-reaching. To date there have been significant stock market declines
and volatility, significant volatility in commodity and foreign exchange markets, restrictions on the conduct of business in
many jurisdictions and the global movement of people and some goods has become restricted. There is significant ongoing
uncertainty surrounding COVID-19 and the extent and duration of the impacts that it may have on demand and prices for
the commodities we produce, on our suppliers, on our employees and on global financial markets. Concurrent with the
impact of COVID-19 on demand in energy markets, oil supply to global markets has increased placing further negative
pressure on oil prices.

During the quarter ended March 31, 2020, we have made efforts to safeguard the health of our employees, while
continuing to operate safely and responsibly maintain employment and economic activity. These measures combined with
commodity market fluctuations resulting from COVID-19 have affected our financial results. While commodity prices have
declined in U.S. dollar terms; our operations located in Canada, Peru and Chile have benefited from the weakening of local
currencies relative to the U.S. dollar.

We recorded inventory net realizable value write-downs of $42 million related to our zinc and energy businesses. Additional
write-downs of inventory or reversals of the write-downs taken this period may occur over the balance of 2020 as
commodity prices and foreign exchange rates fluctuate. We also slowed operations at certain of our mines to safeguard the
health of our employees. These reductions in production levels did not materially impact costs during the quarter but may
result in adjustments to inventory costing in future periods.

We recorded a property, plant and equipment impairment in the first quarter of $647 million related to our interest in Fort
Hills (Note 4). There is heightened potential for further impairments or reversal of these and possibly other impairments
over the balance of 2020. In the current environment, assumptions about future commodity prices, exchange rates, interest
rates and customer credit performance are subject to greater variability than normal, which could in future significantly
affect the valuation of our assets, both financial and non-financial. Short-term prices for all of our commodities have
declined in the period preceding the end of the first quarter; however, given the relatively short duration of this market
movement, market participant views of commodity prices over a longer horizon reflecting the long life of many of our assets
have remained largely unchanged. As an understanding of the longer-term impacts of COVID-19 on commodity, credit and
equity markets develops, there is heightened potential for changes in these views over the balance of 2020.




66       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Notes to Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)

2. COVID-19 ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY, continued

In addition, on March 18, 2020, to support public health efforts in Chile, we suspended construction of our QB2 project. As
the project has temporarily moved into care and maintenance, we ceased capitalization of borrowing costs and expensed
$5 million of interest costs that would otherwise be capitalized and expensed approximately $32 million of costs associated
with the suspension of construction on our QB2 project. Costs to maintain the site and contractors on standby and other
costs associated with a potential restart of construction activities will be expensed in future periods. We also expensed
approximately $7 million in other costs associated with COVID-19. Total costs of $44 million relating to COVID-19 were
expensed in the first quarter, of which $32 million was recorded in other operating income (expense) (Note 5).


3. REVENUES

The following table shows our revenue disaggregated by major product type and by business unit. Our business units are
reported based on the primary products that they produce and are consistent with our reportable segments (Note 10) that
have revenue from contracts with customers. A business unit can have revenue from more than one commodity as it can
include an operation that produces more than one product. Intra-segment revenues are accounted for at current market
prices as if sales were made to arm’s-length parties and are eliminated on consolidation.

 (CAD$ in millions)                                                   Three months ended March 31, 2020
                                Steelmaking Coal                  Copper              Zinc       Energy            Total
 Steelmaking coal                        $ 1,023                   $ –            $      –        $ –            $ 1,023
 Copper                                        –                     493                 –            –              493
 Zinc                                          –                      42              494             –              536
 Blended bitumen                               –                       –                 –         176               176
 Silver                                        –                       6                80            –               86
 Lead                                          –                       –                40            –               40
 Other                                         –                      29                90            –              119
 Intra-segment                                 –                       –               (96)           –              (96)
                                            $ 1,023                $ 570          $ 608            $ 176         $ 2,377

 (CAD$ in millions)                                                   Three months ended March 31, 2019
                                Steelmaking Coal                  Copper           Zinc          Energy            Total
 Steelmaking coal                        $ 1,552                   $ –            $ –             $ –            $ 1,552
 Copper                                        –                     556              –               –              556
 Zinc                                          –                      42            649               –              691
 Blended bitumen                               –                       –              –            212               212
 Silver                                        –                       5             61               –               66
 Lead                                          –                       1             46               –               47
 Other                                         –                      26             88               –              114
 Intra-segment                                 –                       –           (132)              –             (132)
                                            $ 1,552                $ 630          $ 712            $ 212         $ 3,106




67       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Notes to Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)

4. ASSET IMPAIRMENT

During the quarter, we recorded a pre-tax impairment of $647 million (after-tax $474 million) related to our interest in Fort
Hills. The estimated post-tax recoverable amount of our interest in the Fort Hills cash-generating unit (CGU) of $2.5 billion
was lower than our carrying value. This impairment arose as a result of lower market expectations for future Western
Canadian Select (WCS) heavy oil prices over the next three years combined with reduced production. The impairment
affected the profit (loss) of our energy operating segment (Note 10).

Cash flow projections used in the 2020 analysis were based on current life of mine plans at the testing date and cash
flows covered a period of 41 years. These plans include temporarily operating as a single train facility in 2020 and 2021,
reducing production rates to approximately 50% of capacity with an increase to full production rates in 2022.

a) Key Assumptions

The following are the key assumptions used in our impairment testing calculations for the Fort Hills CGU as at March 31,
2020:

                                                                                                          March 31, 2020
 WCS heavy oil prices                                                    Current price used in initial year, increased to a
                                                                        real long-term price in 2024 of US$50 per barrel
 Discount rate                                                                                                    5.4%
 Long-term foreign exchange rate                                                         1 U.S. to 1.30 Canadian dollars
 Inflation rate                                                                                                      2%

Commodity Prices

Commodity price assumptions are based on a number of factors, including forward curves in the near term, and are
benchmarked with external sources of information, including information published by our peers and market transactions,
where possible, to ensure they are within the range of values used by market participants.

Discount Rates

Discount rates are based on an oil sands weighted average cost of capital for Fort Hills. As at March 31, 2020, we used a
discount rate of 5.4% real, 7.5% nominal post-tax for oil sands operations.

Foreign Exchange Rates

Foreign exchange rates are benchmarked with external sources of information based on a range used by market
participants. Long-term foreign exchange assumptions are from year 2024 onwards for analysis performed as at March
31, 2020.

Inflation Rates

Inflation rates are based on average historical inflation for the location of the operation and long-term government targets.

Reserves and Resources

Future oil production is included in projected cash flows based on oil reserve and resource estimates undertaken by
appropriately qualified reserves evaluators.




68        Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Notes to Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)

4. ASSET IMPAIRMENT, continued

Operating Costs and Capital Expenditures

Operating costs and capital expenditures are based on life of mine plans and internal management forecasts. Cost
estimates incorporate management experience and expertise, current operating costs, the nature and location of the
operation, and the risks associated with the operation. Future capital expenditures are based on management’s best
estimate of expected future capital requirements, which are generally for the extraction and processing of existing
reserves and resources. All committed and anticipated capital expenditures based on future cost estimates have been
included in the projected cash flows. Operating cost and capital expenditure assumptions are subject to ongoing
optimization and review by management. At March 31, 2020, the operating costs and capital expenditures for Fort Hills
reflect the announced reduction to a single production train and concurrent increase in unit operating costs for the near
term.

Recoverable Amount Basis

In the absence of a relevant market transaction, we estimate the recoverable amount of our CGUs on a fair value less
cost of disposal (FVLCD) basis using a discounted cash flow methodology, taking into account assumptions likely to be
made by market participants unless it is expected that the value-in-use methodology would result in a higher recoverable
amount. For the asset impairment analysis performed as at March 31, 2020, we have applied the FVLCD basis. These
estimates are classified as a Level 3 measurement within the fair value measurement hierarchy (Note 13).

b) Sensitivity Analysis

The key inputs used in our determination of the recoverable amount interrelate significantly with each other and with our
operating plan. For example, a decrease in long-term WCS prices would result in us making amendments to the long-term
foreign exchange assumption and mine operating plans that would partially offset the effect of lower prices through lower
operating and capital costs. It is difficult to determine how all of these factors would interrelate, but in estimating the effect
of changes in these assumptions on fair values, we believe that all of these factors need to be considered together. A
linear extrapolation of these effects becomes less meaningful as the change in assumptions increases.

The recoverable amount of our Fort Hills CGU is most sensitive to changes in WCS heavy oil prices, the Canadian/U.S.
dollar exchange rates and discount rates. Ignoring the above described interrelationships, in isolation a US$1 decrease in
the real long-term WCS heavy oil price would result in a reduction in the recoverable amount of approximately $147
million. A $0.01 strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar would result in a reduction in the recoverable
amount of approximately $51 million. A 25 basis point increase in the discount rate would result in a reduction in the
recoverable amount of approximately $117 million.




69        Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Notes to Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)

5. OTHER OPERATING INCOME (EXPENSE)

                                                                    Three months
                                                                   ended March 31,
 (CAD$ in millions)                                               2020          2019
 Settlement pricing adjustments                                   $ (98)       $ 74
 Share-based compensation (Note 9(a))                                30         (16)
 Environmental costs                                               121          (41)
 Care and maintenance costs                                         (11)         (5)
 Social responsibility and donations                                 (3)         (4)
 Gain on sale of assets                                              13           7
 Commodity derivatives                                              (21)         19
 Take or pay contract costs                                         (24)        (25)
 COVID-19 costs                                                     (32)          –
 Other                                                              (12)        (24)
                                                                  $ (37)       $ (15)


6. FINANCE EXPENSE

                                                                    Three months
                                                                   ended March 31,
 (CAD$ in millions)                                               2020         2019
 Debt interest                                                     $ 62        $ 78
 Interest on advances from SMM/SC                                    12           –
 Interest on lease liabilities                                        9          10
 Letters of credit and standby fees                                  14          12
 Net interest expense on retirement benefit plans                     1           2
 Accretion on decommissioning and restoration provisions             29          26
 Other                                                                3           –
                                                                    130         128
 Less capitalized borrowing costs                                   (78)        (62)
                                                                   $ 52        $ 66


7. NON-OPERATING INCOME

                                                                    Three months
                                                                   ended March 31,
 (CAD$ in millions)                                               2020         2019
 Foreign exchange gains                                            $ 8         $ 5
 Gain on debt prepayment option                                      –          70
 Other                                                               14          –
                                                                   $ 22        $ 75




70       Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Notes to Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)

8. DEBT

 ($ in millions)                                              March 31, 2020                      December 31, 2019
                                                          Face     Carrying       Fair          Face    Carrying         Fair
                                                         Value        Value      Value         Value       Value        Value
                                                         (US$)      (CAD$)     (CAD$)          (US$)     (CAD$)       (CAD$)
 4.5% notes due January 2021                         $    117      $     166   $    163    $    117      $     152    $     155
 4.75% notes due January 2022                             202            286        285         202            262          273
 3.75% notes due February 2023                            220            315        308         220            289          298
 6.125% notes due October 2035                            609            851        800         609            779          932
 6.0% notes due August 2040                               490            693        601         490            634          712
 6.25% notes due July 2041                                795          1,116        990         795          1,021        1,187
 5.2% notes due March 2042                                399            559        440         399            512          537
 5.4% notes due February 2043                             377            529        426         377            484          520
                                                         3,209         4,515       4,013       3,209         4,133        4,614
 QB2 project financing (a)                                 50            68          68           –             –             –
 Revolving credit facility (b)                            112           159         159           –             –             –
 Antamina term loan due April 2020                         23            32          32          23            29            29
                                                     $ 3,394       $ 4,774     $ 4,272     $ 3,232       $ 4,162      $ 4,643
 Less current portion of debt                             (139)        (198)       (195)         (23)         (29)          (29)
                                                     $ 3,255       $ 4,576     $ 4,077     $ 3,209       $ 4,133      $ 4,614

The fair values of debt are determined using market values, if available, and discounted cash flows based on our cost of
borrowing where market values are not available. The latter is considered a Level 2 fair value measurement with significant
other observable inputs on the fair value hierarchy (Note 13). As at March 31, 2020, the fair values of our debt decreased
due to an increase in our credit spread, partially offset by a decrease in the risk-free interest rate and a weakening of the
Canadian dollar compared to the U.S. dollar.

a) QB2 Project Financing

On November 18, 2019, we closed our US$2.5 billion limited recourse project financing facility to fund the development of
the QB2 project. As at March 31, 2020, the amount drawn under the facility was US$50 million. Amounts drawn under the
facility will bear interest at the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus applicable margins that vary over time and will
be repaid in 17 semi-annual instalments starting the earlier of six months after project completion or June 2023. These
project finance loans are guaranteed pre-completion on a several basis by Teck, SMM and SC pro rata to the respective
equity interests in the Series A shares of Compañía Minera Teck Quebrada Blanca (QBSA). The loans are secured by
pledges of Teck’s and SMM/SC’s interests in QBSA and by security over QBSA’s assets, which consist primarily of QB2
project assets.

b) Revolving Facilities

As at March 31, 2020, we have drawn US$112 million on our US$4.0 billion committed revolving credit facility. Any
amounts drawn under the facility can be repaid at any time and are due in full at maturity in November 2024. Amounts
outstanding under the facility bear interest at LIBOR plus an applicable margin based on credit ratings. The facility
requires that our total net debt-to-capitalization ratio, which was 0.20 to 1.0 at March 31, 2020, not exceed 0.60 to 1.0.




71        Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Notes to Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)

8. DEBT, continued

We maintain uncommitted bilateral credit facilities primarily for the issuance of letters of credit to support our future
reclamation obligations. As at March 31, 2020, we were party to various uncommitted credit facilities providing for a total of
$2.0 billion of capacity, and the aggregate outstanding letters of credit issued thereunder were $1.7 billion. In addition to the
letters of credit outstanding under these uncommitted credit facilities, we also had stand-alone letters of credit of $424
million outstanding at March 31, 2020, which were not issued under a credit facility. These uncommitted credit facilities and
stand-alone letters of credit are typically renewed on an annual basis.

We also have $500 million in surety bonds outstanding at March 31, 2020 to support current and future reclamation
obligations.


9. EQUITY

a)     Share-Based Compensation

During the three months ended March 31, 2020, we granted 5,471,220 Class B subordinate voting share options to
employees. These options have a weighted average exercise price of $14.06, a term of 10 years and vest in equal
amounts over three years. The weighted average fair value of the options issued was estimated at $4.76 per share option
at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The option valuations were based on an average expected
option life of 6.1 years, a risk-free interest rate of 1.19%, a dividend yield of 2.13% and an expected volatility of 41%.
During the three months ended March 31, 2020, we recognized share-based compensation expense of $5 million (2019 –
$5 million) relating to stock options.

We have issued and outstanding deferred share units (DSUs), restricted share units (RSUs), performance share units
(PSUs) and performance deferred share units (PDSUs) (collectively, Units). DSUs are granted to directors only and RSUs
are granted to both employees and directors. PSUs and PDSUs are granted to employees only.

During the three months ended March 31, 2020, we issued 1,869,606 units to employees and directors. DSUs and RSUs
issued to directors vest immediately. RSUs, PSUs and PDSUs issued to employees vest in approximately three years. The
PSUs and PDSUs have performance vesting criteria that may result in 0% to 200% of units ultimately vesting. The total
number of units outstanding at March 31, 2020 was 6,138,255.

During the three months ended March 31, 2020, we recognized a share-based compensation recovery of $35 million
relating to Units (2019 – $11 million expense).

b)     Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                                                 March 31,           March 31,
     (CAD$ in millions)                                                                             2020                2019
     Currency translation differences                                                                $ 839               $ 489
     Loss on marketable equity and debt securities (net of tax of $5 and $4)                           (31)                (23)
     Share of other comprehensive loss of associates and joint ventures                                 (1)                 (1)
                                                                                                     $ 807         $ 285$ 465




72          Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Notes to Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)

9. EQUITY, continued

c)   Dividends

Dividends of $0.05 per share (totaling $27 million) were paid on our Class A common and Class B subordinate voting
shares in the first quarter of 2020.

d)   Normal Course Issuer Bids

On occasion, we purchase and cancel Class B subordinate voting shares pursuant to normal course issuer bids that allow
us to purchase up to a specified maximum number of shares over a one-year period.

During the quarter ended March 31, 2020, we purchased and cancelled 16,292,441 Class B subordinate voting shares
under our normal course issuer bid for $207 million.


10. SEGMENTED INFORMATION

Based on the primary products we produce and our development projects, we have five reportable segments which we
report to our Chief Executive Officer — steelmaking coal, copper, zinc, energy and corporate. The corporate segment
includes all of our initiatives in other commodities, our corporate growth activities and groups that provide administrative,
technical, financial and other support to all of our business units. Other operating income (expense) includes general and
administration, exploration, research and innovation and other operating income (expense). Sales between segments are
carried out on terms that arm’s-length parties would use. Total assets does not include intra-group receivables between
segments. Deferred tax assets have been allocated amongst segments.

                                                                       Three months ended March 31, 2020
                                                 Steelmaking
 (CAD$ in millions)                                     Coal       Copper           Zinc    Energy       Corporate       Total
 Segment revenues                                     $ 1,023      $   570     $    704     $    176      $      –     $ 2,473
 Less: Intra-segment revenues                               –            –          (96)           –             –         (96)
 Revenues                                               1,023           570          608         176             –       2,377
 Cost of sales                                           (777)         (414)        (489)       (299)            –      (1,979)
 Gross profit (loss)                                      246           156         119         (123)            –         398
 Asset impairment                                           –             –           –         (647)            –        (647)
 Other operating income (expense)                          24          (149)        (15)          (5)           43        (102)
 Profit (loss) from operations                            270             7         104         (775)           43        (351)
 Net finance income (expense)                              (15)         (38)         (10)          (6)           22        (47)
 Non-operating income (expense)                             18           28           11            1           (36)        22
 Share of loss of associates and
  joint ventures                                             –           (4)           –            –            –          (4)
 Profit (loss) before taxes                               273            (7)        105          (780)          29        (380)
 Capital expenditures                                     336          557           50           41             6         990
 Goodwill                                                 702          435             –            –            –       1,137
 Total assets                                          15,869      13,617          3,766        3,145         2,377     38,774




73        Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Notes to Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)

10. SEGMENTED INFORMATION, continued

                                                                       Three months ended March 31, 2019
                                                 Steelmaking
 (CAD$ in millions)                                     Coal       Copper           Zinc    Energy       Corporate       Total
 Segment revenues                                     $ 1,552      $   630     $     844    $    212      $      –     $ 3,238
 Less: Intra-segment revenues                               –            –          (132)          –             –        (132)
 Revenues                                               1,552           630          712         212             –       3,106
 Cost of sales                                           (826)         (460)        (561)       (217)            –      (2,064)
 Gross profit (loss)                                      726          170          151            (5)            –      1,042
 Other operating income (expense)                         (18)          (5)          11            (8)          (60)       (80)
 Profit (loss) from operations                            708          165          162           (13)          (60)       962
 Net finance expense                                       (14)         (12)         (11)          (6)          (11)       (54)
 Non-operating income (expense)                             (7)           4           (3)          (2)           83         75
 Profit (loss) before taxes                               687          157          148           (21)          12         983
 Capital expenditures                                     283          291           48           56             3         681
 Goodwill                                                 702          410             –            –            –       1,112
 Total assets                                          16,053      12,616          3,954        6,229         3,254     42,106



11. CONTINGENCIES

We consider provisions for all of our outstanding and pending legal claims to be adequate. The final outcome with respect
to actions outstanding or pending as at March 31, 2020, or with respect to future claims, cannot be predicted with
certainty. Significant contingencies not disclosed elsewhere in the notes to our financial statements are as follows:

Upper Columbia River Basin

Teck American Inc. (TAI) continues studies under the 2006 settlement agreement with the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) to conduct a remedial investigation on the Upper Columbia River in Washington State.

The Lake Roosevelt litigation involving Teck Metals Ltd. (TML) in the Federal District Court for the Eastern District of
Washington continues. In December 2012 on the basis of stipulated facts agreed between TML and the plaintiffs, the
Court found in favour of the plaintiffs in phase one of the case, issuing a declaratory judgment that TML is liable under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) for response costs, the amount of
which will be determined in later phases of the case. TML has exhausted its appeal rights in respect of that decision. As a
consequence of a ruling of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, alleged damages associated with air emissions are no
longer part of the case.

A hearing with respect to natural resource damages and assessment costs is expected to follow completion of the
remedial investigation and feasibility study being undertaken by TAI.




74        Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Notes to Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)

11. CONTINGENCIES, continued

Until the studies contemplated by the EPA settlement agreement and additional damage assessments are completed, it is
not possible to estimate the extent and cost, if any, of any additional remediation or restoration that may be required or to
assess the extent of our potential liability for damages. The studies may conclude, on the basis of risk, cost, technical
feasibility or other grounds, that no remediation other than some residential soil removal should be undertaken. If other
remediation is required and damage to resources found, the cost of that remediation may be material.

Elk Valley Water Quality

During the year ended December 31, 2018, Teck Coal Limited (TCL) received notice from Canadian federal prosecutors
of potential charges under the Fisheries Act in connection with discharges of selenium and calcite from coal mines in the
Elk Valley. Since 2014, compliance limits and site performance objectives for selenium and other constituents, as well as
requirements to address calcite, in surface water throughout the Elk Valley and in the Koocanusa Reservoir have been
established under a regional permit issued by the provincial government in British Columbia. This permit references the
Elk Valley Water Quality Plan, an area-based management plan developed by Teck in accordance with a 2013 Order of
the British Columbia Minister of Environment. If federal charges are laid, potential penalties may include fines as well as
orders with respect to operational matters. It is not possible at this time to fully assess the viability of TCL’s potential
defences to any charges, or to estimate the potential financial impact on TCL of any conviction. Nonetheless, that impact
may be material.


12. SEASONALITY OF SALES

Due to ice conditions, the port serving our Red Dog mine is normally only able to ship concentrates from July to October
each year. As a result, zinc and lead concentrate sales volumes are generally higher in the third and fourth quarter of each
year than in the first and second quarter. Depending on commodity prices, this could result in Red Dog’s profits and cash
flows being higher in the last two quarters of the year as finished inventories are sold.


13. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

Certain of our financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified in their entirety
based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Certain non-financial assets and
liabilities may also be measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. There are three levels of the fair value hierarchy that
prioritize the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value, with Level 1 inputs having the highest priority. The
levels and the valuation techniques used to value our financial assets and liabilities are described below:

Level 1 – Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets

Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical, unrestricted assets
or liabilities.

Certain cash equivalents, certain marketable equity securities and certain debt securities are valued using quoted market
prices in active markets. Accordingly, these items are included in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

Level 2 – Significant Other Observable Inputs

Quoted prices in markets that are not active, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or inputs that
are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.




75        Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
Teck Resources Limited
Notes to Condensed Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)

13. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS, continued

Derivative instruments and embedded derivatives are included in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as they are valued
using pricing models or discounted cash flow models. These models require a variety of inputs, including, but not limited to,
market prices, forward price curves, yield curves, and credit spreads. These inputs are obtained from or corroborated with
the market. Also included in Level 2 are settlement receivables and settlement payables from provisional pricing on
concentrate sales and purchases, certain refined metal sales and steelmaking coal sales because they are valued using
quoted market prices derived based on forward curves for the respective commodities and published price assessments for
steelmaking coal sales.

Level 3 – Significant Unobservable Inputs

Unobservable (supported by little or no market activity) prices.

We include investments in certain debt securities and certain equity securities in non-public companies in Level 3 of the fair
value hierarchy because they trade infrequently and have little price transparency.

The fair values of our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at March 31, 2020 and
December 31, 2019 are summarized in the following table:

 (CAD$ in millions)                                     March 31, 2020                          December 31, 2019
                                           Level 1      Level 2     Level 3   Total   Level 1    Level 2    Level 3       Total
 Financial assets
   Cash equivalents                          $ 86         $     –     $ –     $ 86    $   877     $     –     $ –     $    877
   Marketable equity securities                46               –      36       82         53           –      36           89
   Debt securities                             73               –       3       76        104           –       2          106
   Settlement receivables                       –             467       –      467          –         465       –          465
   Derivative instruments
     and embedded derivatives                     –            30        –      30          –          29        –          29
                                             $ 205        $ 497       $ 39    $ 741   $ 1,034     $ 494       $ 38    $ 1,566

 Financial liabilities
   Derivative instruments
    and embedded derivatives                 $    –       $ 46        $ –     $ 46    $     –     $ 33        $ –     $     33
   Settlement payables                            –          6          –        6          –       16          –           16
22. Fair Value Measurements                  $    –       $ 52        $ –     $ 52    $     –     $ 49        $ –     $     49

As at March 31, 2020, we measured certain non-financial assets at their recoverable amounts using a FVLCD basis, which
is classified as a Level 3 measurement. Refer to Note 4 for information about these fair value measurements.

Unless disclosed elsewhere in our financial statements, the fair value of the remaining financial assets and financial
liabilities approximate their carrying value.




76        Teck Resources Limited 2020 First Quarter News Release
