Hesai Group
                                                             ＊
禾 賽 科 技
(A company controlled through weighted voting rights and
incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Stock Code : 2525




                                                                    2025
                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT
CONTENTS
 2    Financial Summary
  3   Forward-Looking Statements
 4    Business Overview and Outlook
20    Management Discussion and Analysis
27    Report of the Directors
57    Directors and Senior Management
 61   Corporate Governance Report
87    Independent Auditor ’ s Report
 91   Consolidated Balance Sheets
93    Consolidated Statements of Operations and
      Comprehensive (Loss) Income
94    Consolidated Statements of Changes in
      Shareholders ’ (Deficit) Equity
96    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
99    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
167   Corporate Information
169   Definitions
2     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




    Financial Summary


                                                                      Year ended December 31,
    Results                                         2022             2023             2024              2025
                                                                  (RMB, in thousands)

    Total revenue                              1,202,670         1,876,989         2,077,157       3,027,573
    Total cost of sales                         (730,683)        (1,215,611)      (1,192,572)     (1,762,477)
    Total operating expenses                    (850,204)       (1,232,969)      (1,089,493)      (1,096,343)
    Income (Loss) before income
      tax and share of loss in equity
      method investments                        (300,786)         (475,265)        (101,233)         466,789
    Net income (loss)                           (300,765)         (475,968)        (102,376)         435,880
    Comprehensive profit (loss)
      attributable to owners of the
      Company                                   (312,838)        (433,920)           (83,841)        385,435

                                                                  As of December 31,
    Assets and Liabilities                          2022             2023             2024              2025
                                                                  (RMB, in thousands)

    Assets
    Current assets                              3,135,111       4,397,609         4,682,656        7,069,163
    Non-current assets                           704,285        1,264,934         1,306,955         4,192,115
    Total assets                               3,839,396        5,662,543         5,989,611       11,261,278

    Liabilities
    Current liabilities                          955,538         1,335,101        1,628,940        1,895,335
    Non-current liabilities                       42,125           465,124          428,940          407,189
    Total liabilities                            997,663        1,800,225         2,057,880        2,302,524

    Note:

    The consolidated results of the Group for the four years ended December 31, 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025 and
    the consolidated assets and liabilities of the Group as at December 31, 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025 have been
    extracted from the published audited consolidated financial statements. The summary above does not form part
    of the audited consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                       HESAI GROUP       3




Forward-Looking Statements


This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the “safe
harbor” provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-
looking statements can be identified by terminology such as “will,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “aims,”
“future,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “confident,” “potential,” “continue” or other
similar expressions. Among other things, the business outlook and quotations from management
in this annual report, as well as the Company’s strategic and operational plans, contain forward-
looking statements. Statements that are not historical facts, including but not limited to statements
about the Company’s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause actual
results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement, including but
not limited to the following: the Company’s goals and strategies; the Company’s future business
development, financial condition and results of operations; expected changes in the Company’s
revenues, costs or expenditures; the trends in, expected growth and the market size of the
ADAS and Robotics industries; the market for and adoption of lidar and related technology; the
Company’s ability to produce high-quality products with wide market acceptance; the success of
the Company’s customers in developing and commercializing products using its solutions, and the
market acceptance of those products; the Company’s ability to introduce new products that meet its
customers’ requirement; the Company’s expectations regarding the effectiveness of its marketing
initiatives and the relationship with its third-party partners; competition in the Company’s industry;
the Company’s ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel; relevant government policies and
regulations relating to the Company’s industry; the Company’s ability to protect its systems and
infrastructures from cyber-attacks; general economic and business conditions globally and in China;
and assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing. Further information regarding
these and other risks is included in the Company’s filings with the SEC. All information provided in
this annual report and in the attachments is as of the date of this annual report unless otherwise
indicated, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement,
except as required under applicable law. In the event of any inconsistency between the English
version of this annual report and its Chinese translation, the English version of this document shall
prevail unless otherwise stated.
4       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




    Business Overview and Outlook


    OPERATIONAL AND FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
    2025

    •     ADAS lidar shipments in the full year of 2025 were 1,381,133 units, representing an increase
          of 202.6% from 456,386 units in 2024.

    •     Robotics lidar shipments in the full year of 2025 were 239,273 units, representing an
          increase of 425.8% from 45,503 units in 2024.

    •     Total lidar shipments in the full year of 2025 were 1,620,406 units, representing an increase
          of 222.9% from 501,889 units in 2024.

    •     Net revenues were RMB3,027.6 million (US$432.9 million)1 for the full year of 2025,
          representing an increase of 45.8% from RMB2,077.2 million for the prior year.

    •     Gross margin was 41.8% for the full year of 2025, compared with 42.6% for the prior year.

    •     Income from operations was RMB168.8 million (US$24.1 million) for the full year of 2025,
          compared with loss from operations of RMB204.9 million for the prior year. Excluding share-
          based compensation expenses, non-GAAP2 income from operations was RMB283.4 million
          (US$40.5 million) for the full year of 2025, compared with non-GAAP loss from operations of
          RMB88.8 million for the prior year.

    •     Net income was RMB435.9 million (US$62.3 million) for the full year of 2025, compared with
          net loss of RMB102.4 million for the prior year. Excluding share-based compensation expenses,
          non-GAAP net income was RMB550.5 million (US$78.7 million) for the full year of 2025,
          representing an increase of 3,922.0% from RMB13.7 million for the prior year.

    •     Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share were RMB3.13 (US$0.45) and RMB2.98
          (US$0.43), respectively, for the full year of 2025. Excluding share-based compensation
          expenses, non-GAAP basic and diluted net income per ordinary share were RMB3.96 (US$0.57)
          and RMB3.76 (US$0.54), respectively, for the full year of 2025.




    1
          All translations from RMB to US$ as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025 were made at the
          exchange rate of RMB6.9931 to US$1.00, the exchange rate on December 31, 2025, set forth in the H.10
          statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board.
    2
          See “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures” included in this annual report for further details.
                                                                                    HESAI GROUP       5




Business Overview and Outlook




MANAGEMENT COMMENTARY

“2025 was a landmark year as Hesai became the first lidar company to achieve full-year GAAP
profitability, while also ranking No.1 in 2025 with over 40% share of the long-range automotive
lidar market, according to Gasgoo.” said Dr. Yifan “David” Li, Hesai’s Co-Founder and CEO. “As
lidar emerges as the ‘invisible airbag’ for ADAS safety, we have secured design wins with all top
ten Chinese OEMs, expanded into the sub-RMB100,000 mass market, captured the multi-lidar L3
inflection point, and accelerated global expansion through partnerships with NVIDIA and others.
These milestones are structurally increasing lidar content per vehicle and broadening our total
addressable market. Beyond automotive, substantial opportunities are also opening up, where
Hesai ranked No.1 across major robotics submarkets, such as humanoid and quadruped robots,
robotaxis, robovans, and robotic lawn mowers, according to GGII, Yole Group, and Frost & Sullivan.
To fully capitalize on the surging demand across both ADAS and Robotics, we are scaling our annual
production capacity to over 4 million units in 2026.”

Dr. Li continued, “As the AI-driven Fourth Industrial Revolution accelerates, Hesai is positioning
to become the key enabler of Physical AI – digitizing the real world, redefining how humans and
robotics perceive and act. Over the coming months, we will launch new flagship products, each
targeting an addressable market worth trillions of RMB, bringing this vision to life and laying the
groundwork for our next decade of growth.”

“2025 marked a significant milestone for us in both the scale and quality of our financial
performance,” said Mr. Andrew Fan, Hesai’s CFO. “We delivered record net revenues of over RMB3
billion (US$433 million), up 46% year-over-year, while tripling total shipments to over 1.6 million
units. Importantly, we also achieved industry-first full-year GAAP net income of RMB436 million
(US$62 million) and non-GAAP net income of RMB551 million (US$79 million) in 2025, driven by
robust revenue growth, disciplined cost management, and improved operating leverage through AI-
enabled efficiency gains across R&D, manufacturing, and operations. We have also delivered GAAP
net income for three consecutive quarters and non-GAAP net income for five consecutive quarters.
Alongside this, we recorded three consecutive years of positive operating cash flow, while our net
assets grew to around RMB9 billion (US$1.3 billion).”

Mr. Fan added, “2026 marks a bold new chapter for Hesai. We are raising our outlook for lidar
shipments to 3 to 3.5 million units, and will soon launch breakthrough new products that unlock
future opportunities, and further advance our vision to empower robotics and elevate lives.”

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

     §    Business Updates

          o    Global:

               §    Selected as the primary lidar partner for the NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion 10
                    platform, positioning Hesai as the default turnkey lidar solution for OEMs
                    building autonomous driving systems on NVIDIA, and joined the NVIDIA Halos
                    AI Systems Inspection Lab to further advance safety in autonomous vehicles
                    and robotics.

               §    Partnered with Grab as Hesai’s exclusive distributor in Southeast Asia,
                    leveraging its scale and network to rapidly expand regional access to Hesai’s
                    high-quality lidars.
6       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




    Business Overview and Outlook




                     §     Accumulated 2,071 lidar patents3 as of 2025. With this robust portfolio, Hesai
                           ranks No.1 globally according to KnowMade, a Yole Group company, further
                           reinforcing Hesai’s leadership in lidar innovation.

               o     Domestic:

                     §     Secured ADAS design wins with 40 automotive brands globally across over
                           160 vehicle models, including all top ten OEMs in China. The addition of new
                           customers in the fourth quarter and recently – including BAIC and FAW Bestune
                           – further strengthened the Company’s presence among leading OEMs.

                     §     Secured multi-lidar design wins with Li Auto, Xiaomi, and Changan, with start
                           of production (“SOP”) planned for 2026-2027. Multi-lidar models typically
                           feature 3 to 6 lidars per vehicle.

                     §     Selected by Unitree to equip JT128 lidar in all of its humanoid robots featured
                           at the 2026 Spring Festival Gala (China’s largest annual broadcast with peak
                           viewership of 400 million), enabling the precise execution of a complex,
                           synchronized Chinese Kung Fu performance.

                     §     Secured a design win for NIU Technologies’ next-gen electric two-wheel model,
                           marking a new application of FTX lidar and opening the electric two-wheel
                           market to automotive-grade 3D perception.

                     §     Signed orders with clients including Dreame and MOVA for robotic lawn mower
                           lidars, representing a backlog of over 10 million lidar units, with strong follow-
                           on potential as deployments scale.

                     §     According to Gasgoo, GGII, Yole Group, and Frost & Sullivan, ranked No.1
                           in the long-range automotive lidar market, as well as across major robotics
                           submarkets, including:

                                Humanoid & quadruped robots (new orders from companies such as
                                 Unitree, HONOR Robot, Galbot, Magiclab and Vita Dynamics);

                                Robotaxis (new orders from companies such as Pony.ai, WeRide, Baidu
                                 Apollo Go, DiDi, and other global players across North America, Asia, and
                                 Europe);

                                Robovans (new orders from companies such as Zelos, Neolix and
                                 Meituan);

                                Robotic lawn mowers (new orders from companies such as Dreame,
                                 MOVA, and Nexlawn).




    3
          Including patents granted and pending patent applications.
                                                                                                    HESAI GROUP         7




Business Overview and Outlook




     §    Product Updates :

           o     Launched the FMC500 system-on-chip (“SoC”) in November 2025, a dedicated lidar
                 master control chip integrating MCU, FPGA, and ADC with on-chip functional safety
                 and cybersecurity. The revamped version of ATX lidar (up to 256 channels), powered
                 by this SoC, is expected to start SOP in April 2026.

           o     Released patented “Photon Isolation” technology, which eliminates interference
                 between laser channels and is now fully integrated across Hesai’s flagship lidar
                 products, delivering best-in-class safety and reliability.

Hesai announces favorable resolution of IP dispute and reaffirms its commitment to
innovation and R&D

On September 15, 2025, the arbitral tribunal issued a confidential final decision confirming its
interim decision and awarding the Company approximately US$6.4 million in costs and fees, which
the Company received from Ouster during the fourth quarter of 2025.

BUSINESS OVERVIEW

Hesai Technology is a leading LiDAR company globally in terms of commercialization and financial
performance. Hesai Technology has paved the way for LiDARs from technology innovation to mass
production and widespread application, driving the evolution of intelligent vehicles.

We believe there are three attributes critical to the further improvement of penetration rate of
LiDARs: Performance1, Quality2, and Cost3. Hesai Technology’s current market position reflects its
ability to address these key factors effectively. Depending on the scenario or the application, Hesai
Technology’s customers have varying needs. Its ADAS customers generally have strict requirements
on all three aspects, especially on Cost. For the Robotics market, its customers demonstrate
varying levels of cost sensitivity depending on the application, including Robotaxi, lawn mowing
robots, delivery robots, autonomous mobile robots, and humanoid robots. For example, its Robotaxi
customers are less Cost-sensitive as they prioritize higher Performance and Quality, which are
critical to the successful development and safe operation of full autonomous driving solutions.
Hesai Technology designs and manufactures LiDARs to enhance each of the three elements, while
striking what it believes is the optimal balance for different applications and industries, which has
led to Hesai Technology’s continued success in each of its submarkets.




1    “Performance” refers to the explicit specifications of a LiDAR unit that directly reflect its performance,
     including detection range (for example, 200 meters or longer at 10% reflectivity), point density (number of
     points generated per second, which is horizontal resolution times vertical resolution, multiplied by frame
     rate), distance accuracy and precision, reflectivity accuracy, and interference rejection, among others.

2    “Quality” refers to the implicit aspects of a lidar unit that represent its ability to perform consistently
     under a variety of circumstances over time, including robustness under extreme operating temperatures,
     different levels of humidity, waterproof levels, and mechanical shocks and stresses. Quality also
     represents a product’s manufacturing consistency, functional safety (typically ASIL-B), and viability as an
     automotive-grade component.

3    “Cost” refers to the per unit price for each lidar unit. Customers of lidar units for different applications and
     industries have varying levels of cost sensitivity, which is usually influenced by factors such as timeline
     for mass adoption, volume of units needed and business models of the target application, among others.
8         2025 ANNUAL REPORT




    Business Overview and Outlook




    Solutions and Products

    Based on Hesai Technology’s proprietary technology, the Group has developed and produced a
    full range of LiDAR products to suit the various needs of its customers. Its LiDAR products cater to
    short-, medium-, and long-range applications, with industry-leading detection range, resolution,
    interference rejection technology, and reliability.

    The following table presents its selected key product series:

                              AT Series          ET Series (1)       FT Series(1)        Pandar Series       OT Series       XT Series         QT Series           JT Series




    Application               ADAS – long        ADAS – long         ADAS – blind     Robotics –             Robotics –     Robotics –         Robotics –          Robotics – short-
                                range              range               spot detection long-range               long-range     mid-range          blind-spot          range 3D
                                detection          detection                            detection              detection      detection          detection           detection
    Release date              July 2021          April 2023          November 2022 April 2017                September 2024 October 2020       January 2020        January 2025
    Operating principle       Time of Flight     ToF                 ToF              ToF                    ToF            ToF                ToF                 ToF
                                (ToF)(4)
    Type                      Hybrid Solid       Hybrid Solid        Solid State         Mechanical          Mechanical      Mechanical        Mechanical          Mechanical
                                State              State
    Channel                   up to 1440         up to 2160          –                   up to 128           128             up to 32          up to 128           up to 256
    Range(2)                  up to 300 m        up to 400 m         up to 30 m          up to 200 m         up to 200 m     up to 300 m       up to 20 m          up to 60 m
    Point cloud frequency     up to 34 million   up to 5.60          up to 0.49          up to 3.46          3.46 million    up to 0.64        up to 1.15          up to 1.15 million
                                points/second      million points/     million points/     million points/     points/second million points/     million points/     points/second
                                                   second              second              second                              second            second
    FOV(5) (vertical)         up to 25.4°        up to 20°           up to 140°          40°                 40°             up to 40.3°       up to 105°          up to 189°
    FOV (horizontal)          up to 120°         120°                up to 180°          360°                360°            360°              360°                360°
    Resolution (vertical)     up to 0.0125°      0.05° finest        up to 0.56°         up to 0.125°        0.125° finest   up to 1°          up to 0.4° finest   up to 0.74°
                                                                                           finest
    Resolution                up to 0.05°        0.05° finest        up to 0.56°         up to 0.1° finest   0.1° finest     0.18° (10 Hz      up to 0.4° finest up to 0.4°
      (horizontal)(3)                                                                      (10 Hz frame                        frame rate)       (10 Hz frame
                                                                                           rate)                                                 rate)
    Interference rejection    ✓                  ✓                   ✓                   ✓                   ✓               ✓                 ✓                 ✓
      technology
    Intelligent point cloud   ✓                  ✓                   ✓                   ✓                   ✓               ✓                 ✓                   ✓
      engine
    ASIC-based one            ✓                  ✓                   ✓                   X                   ✓               ✓                 ✓                   ✓
      dimensional
      electronic scanning
    VCSEL technology          ✓                  ✓                   ✓                   X                   ✓               X                 ✓                   ✓
    ASIC approach             ✓                  ✓                   ✓                   X                   ✓               ✓                 ✓                   ✓
    Minimum Power             8W                 11 W                <6 W                18 W                29 W            10 W              10 W                <8W
      consumption

    Notes:

    (1)      Specifications are customizable per customers’ needs.

    (2)      Range data is at 10% reflectivity circumstance. Reflectivity refers to the ratio of the energy of the light
             reflected from a surface to the energy possessed by the light striking the surface.

    (3)      Resolution data is at 10 Hz frame rate circumstance.
                                                                                                 HESAI GROUP         9




Business Overview and Outlook



(4)   ToF refers to a method for measuring the distance between a sensor and an object, based on the time
      difference between the emission of the laser pulse and its return to the sensor, after being reflected by an
      object.

(5)   FOV refers to field of view.

Advanced Driver-Assistance Systems (ADAS)

Today, automobile manufacturers have begun to integrate LiDARs into ADAS to better visualize the
changing environments encountered by their vehicles. LiDARs for ADAS share certain requirements
with LiDARs for Robotics, such as detection range and resolution. For L2 ADAS, vehicles are typically
equipped with one forward-facing long-range primary LiDAR for adaptive cruising and traffic
assist functions. For L3 ADAS, vehicles are typically equipped with three to six LiDARs, including
forward-facing long-range and blind-spot LiDARs, to enable 360-degree perception coverage. In
addition, automobile manufacturers and Tier 1 suppliers require LiDARs with proper form factors to
be embedded into their vehicles, in addition to automotive grade reliability and robustness.

Hesai Technology’s AT series, ET series and FT series are its breakthrough products mainly for the
ADAS market.

AT Series . Hesai Technology’s AT series is its automotive grade, long-range hybrid solid-state main
LiDAR designed for ADAS series production vehicles, featuring cutting-edge LiDAR technology for
enhanced reliability and performance. This series is primarily designed for use in L2 and L3 ADAS
systems and has also been adopted in certain L4 autonomous driving applications. As of the date of
this annual report, ATX is the representative products in Hesai Technology’s AT series.

•     ATX . First released in April 2024 and commenced SOP in January 2025, ATX is Hesai
      Technology’s new ultra-compact high-performance long-range ADAS LiDAR based on its
      market-validated one-dimensional scanning architecture. ATX incorporates state-of-the-art
      technological features such as 7x optical zoom, setting it apart as a unique and innovative
      offering in the market. With optimized optical and mechanical design, the ATX boasts a
      maximum detection range of 300 meters and a detection range of 230 meters at 10%
      reflectivity with a 120° horizontal field of view for expansive visibility of complex road
      conditions such as nearby vehicles or pedestrians. It can reach a resolution up to 0.08°
      (horizontal) × 0.05° (vertical).

ET Series . Hesai Technology’s ET series addresses the challenge of miniaturizing high-performance,
long-range LiDAR. ET series are designed for use in L2 and L3 ADAS systems. ETX is Hesai
Technology’s representative product in the ET series.

•     ETX . ETX is a high-performance long-range LiDAR designed for L3 and L4 autonomous
      driving. It features our proprietary optical vector chip, which enables Class 1 eye safety while
      delivering up to 400 meters detection range at 10% reflectivity. ETX has channels up to 2160.
      It has a window height of only 32mm, enabling in-cabin integration behind the windshield.
      ETX has a power consumption of 11W and a weight of 600g. We expect mass production and
      delivery by the end of 2026, and ETX has already secured multi-year design wins from top
      European automakers.

FT Series . Hesai Technology’s FT series is its short-range LiDAR, designed for blind spot detection
to accommodate the challenges that autonomous vehicles face within their perception system.
Hesai Technology’s FT series is primarily designed for use in L2 and L3 ADAS systems, and has also
been adopted in L4 autonomous driving and various robotic applications. FTX is Hesai Technology’s
representative product in the FT series.
10       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Business Overview and Outlook




     •     FTX. Launched at the CES in January 2025, FTX is a next-generation automotive grade
           solid-state LiDAR. It carries the upgraded ASICs and supports a maximum field of view of
           180° (horizontal) × 140° (vertical), giving it the largest field of view in the world for an
           automotive-grade solid-state LiDAR. FTX’s range can reach 30 meters at 10% reflectivity with
           outstanding resolution, achieving a point rate of 492,000 points per second, over 2.5 times
           higher than FT120.

     Robotics

     LiDAR is essential to autonomous vehicle fleet, as it is one of the most reliable ways of identifying
     distances and shapes of objects. In contrast to cameras that require deep learning algorithms
     to detect objects and determine their distances to vehicles, which may be unreliable, LiDAR can
     measure distances to objects directly by sending and receiving laser pulses. LiDARs sense and
     construct a three-dimensional view of the surrounding environment in real time, through measuring
     millions of points per second. Autonomous vehicle fleets analyze the point clouds generated by
     LiDARs to accurately perceive the surroundings and safely navigate themselves. The ability to
     identify objects and gauge their distance is a key benefit of using LiDAR, and LiDAR products with a
     high level of accuracy and reliability can greatly improve safety.

     Hesai Technology’s LiDAR product lines for autonomous vehicle fleet primarily include the Pandar
     series and the QT series. Its customers typically purchase both product lines for these applications.
     In September 2024, Hesai Technology launched its breakthrough product OT128, which further
     reinforces its position in the industry.

     Pandar Series . Hesai Technology’s Pandar series is its innovative LiDAR featured uneven channel
     distribution that optimized channel density to enable higher resolution at core viewing areas.
     Pandar series are for automotive volume production and offer ideal solutions for L4 autonomous
     driving applications. Pandar128 is Hesai Technology’s representative product in the Pandar series.

     •     Pandar128. Launched in September 2020, Pandar128 is a mechanical LiDAR product designed
           for long-range detection. The 128-channel 360-degree surrounding view LiDAR features
           unrivaled detection range and point density, with a detection range of 200 meters at
           10% reflectivity, a point rate of 3.45 million points per second and a resolution up to 0.1°
           (horizontal) × 0.125° (vertical), enabling superb perception over an extended range and
           provide self-driving systems with longer reaction time that is critical for safe operation at
           medium-to-high driving speeds. Pandar128 also offers a higher level of ingress protection,
           helping ensure reliability in all weather conditions. Despite doubling the number of channels of
           its predecessor, Pandar64, Pandar128 retains a similar compact form factor, enabling seamless
           integration into a vehicle’s exterior for a more aesthetic configuration.

     OT Series . Hesai Technology’s OT series is its 360° mechanical automotive-grade long-range LiDAR
     product designed for scalable deployment in Robotaxi and industrial applications. It can be used in a
     wide range of application scenarios, including L4 autonomous driving, smart factories, port logistics
     automation, and industrial applications. OT128 is Hesai Technology’s representative product in the
     OT series.

     •     OT128 . OT128 was launched in September 2024. While most industry peers apply ASIC
           approach only to their ADAS LiDAR products, Hesai Technology has achieved a breakthrough
           by successfully migrating the ASIC-based architecture to mechanical LiDAR product. This
           innovation makes OT128 highly scalable for autonomous driving commercialization while
           delivering industry-leading performance. OT128 boasts a point rate of 3.45 million per second
           and a 200 meter detection range at 10% reflectivity. It can achieve a horizontal field of view
           of 360° and a resolution up to 0.1° (horizontal) × 0.125° (vertical).
                                                                                      HESAI GROUP       11




Business Overview and Outlook




QT Series . Hesai Technology’s QT series is its ultra-wide view short-range mechanical LiDAR
designed for blind spot coverage on L4 autonomous driving applications such as Robotaxis and
Robotrucks, as well as industrial applications. QT128 is Hesai Technology’s representative product in
the QT series.

•    QT128 . Launched in January 2022, QT128 is an upgraded model of Hesai Technology’s original
     QT64, offering a cutting-edge answer to blind spot detection. It features a wide vertical field
     of view of 105°, which is ideal for covering vehicle blind spots. It also features enhanced
     short-range performance to detect objects as near as 0.1 meters at 10% reflectivity, and an
     optimized 0.4° finest vertical resolution.

The rest of the Robotics market includes robotics and other non-automotive industries, including
embodied intelligence, warehousing and logistics, industrial manufacturing and smart agriculture.
Hesai Technology’s customers in these industries install LiDARs on humanoid robots, quadruped
robots and unmanned vehicles for autonomous navigation, collision avoidance, and spatial
perception. Hesai Technology’s LiDAR products empower participants in these markets by providing
reliable perception solutions at competitive costs.

XT Series . Hesai Technology’s XT series is a cost-effective and power-efficient solution designed
for multiple applications, including automated warehousing, logistics, Robotics, spatial perception,
and low-to-medium-speed autonomous driving. For these scenarios, sensors require a careful
balance between Performance, Quality, and Cost. The XT series was developed to address these
specific industrial needs. XT32 is Hesai Technology’s representative product in the XT series.

•    XT32. Launched in September 2020, the 32-channel mid-range mechanical XT32 is Hesai
     Technology’s first product with its proprietary ASIC, and its flagship product for delivery
     robots and spatial perception market. It can achieve a detection rage of 120 meters at 10%
     reflectivity, a horizontal field of view of 360° and a resolution up to 0.18° (horizontal) × 1°
     (vertical).

JT Series . Hesai Technology’s JT series features mini three-dimensional mechanical LiDARs
designed for Robotics and industrial applications, including service robots, mobile robots, delivery
robots, cleaning robots, and lawn mowing robots. Compact and lightweight, the miniature JT series
ensures the LiDAR is easily installed and concealed in diverse Robotics applications. JT128 is Hesai
Technology’s representative product in the JT series.

•    JT128 . Launched in January 2025, JT128 leverages its world’s widest hyper – hemispherical
     field of view at 360° (horizontal) × 189° (vertical), enabling exceptional spatial perception
     range with one single unit, as well as enhanced environmental perception and dynamic
     detection. Integrated with Hesai Technology’s proprietary ASIC, JT128 can achieve a
     detection rage of 40 meters at 10% reflectivity. As of the date of this annual report, JT16, a
     lower-channel-count version of JT128, has commenced delivery for use in autonomous lawn
     mower applications.

Other Products

In addition to LiDAR products, Hesai Technology offers gas sensors to remotely detect methane
leaks. These feature high gas detection sensitivity with configurable detection frequency and
support real-time data and visual reports through the corresponding mobile app. It also offers
oxygen sensors for high-end medical ventilators using similar technologies.
12       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Business Overview and Outlook




     Innovative LiDAR Technology

     Hesai Technology’s core LiDAR technologies include its ASIC-based architecture, system-level
     know-how, and automotive grade production. It also has other innovative technologies, including
     interference rejection technology and intelligent point cloud engine (IPE), that further enhance the
     performance and reliability of its LiDARs.

     ASIC Approach and ASIC-based Architecture

     LiDARs are highly sophisticated instruments, primarily consisting of:

     •     TX/RX system , or the laser transmitter (TX) and receiver (RX) system, the heart of a LiDAR
           product, as it determines the key LiDAR specifications such as detection range, precision, and
           point cloud density, among others. The transmitter generates and sends out laser pulses or
           light signals into the environment; the receiver detects the reflected laser pulses that return
           after hitting an object or surface;

     •     Scanning system , which combines the vertical and horizontal angles created by the laser beam
           to calculate a three-dimensional XYZ coordinate position for each point to produce a set of
           three-dimensional coordinate measurements; and

     •     Other supporting system , including optics, mechanical structures, circuits, and firmware,
           among others.

     Hesai Technology sets itself apart early by pioneering an ASIC approach, which consolidates and
     integrates hundreds or even thousands of discrete components into a single or a few chips. The
     ASIC approach simplifies product architecture, optimizes design, which thereby boosts automation
     in production and lowers manufacturing costs. Since early stages of its development, Hesai
     technology has been committed to the inhouse R&D of key components and chips for LiDAR.
     This extensive industry know-how and insights paved the way for Hesai becoming the first to
     successfully implement ASIC approach for both the TX module and the RX module, i.e., the TX/RX
     system.

     Since the launch of its first-generation ASIC in October 2020, Hesai Technology has always been
     committed to advancing LiDAR technology and have successfully developed and released four
     generations of ASICs, each with improved integration and performance and reduced production
     costs. In 2024, Hesai Technology successfully launched its state-of-the-art fourth-generation ASIC,
     which enables single-board integration of 512 channels and 24.6 billion sampling per second. This
     advanced ASIC supports a maximum detection range of 500 meters and achieves a point cloud
     frequency of 12.3 million points per second, while realizing an 85% reduction in single-point ranging
     power consumption.

     By the end of 2025, 16 of Hesai Technology’s proprietary chips have obtained AEC-Q
     automotive-grade certification, with cumulative deliveries reaching 185 million units. Its
     industry-leading fourth-generation ASICs consolidate all seven key components into chips, namely,
     lasers, detectors, laser drivers, analog front-end, analog-to-digital converters, digital signal
     processors, and controllers.
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       13




Business Overview and Outlook




By adopting the ASIC approach, Hesai Technology has developed an innovative and distinctive
ASIC-based architecture, which features advanced technologies as follows, taking bold steps that
others hesitated to pursue:

•   Highly integrated TX/RX architecture . where hundreds of channels are integrated onto a
    few circuit boards, largely simplifying the traditional LiDAR architecture, improving product
    performance and quality while reducing manufacture complexity and cost;

•   Utilizing VCSELs for long-range application . Traditionally, VCSELs were limited to short-range
    applications due to their low power density and restricted range. However, Hesai Technology’s
    proprietary high-power VCSEL is utilized in long-range automotive LiDAR applications, which
    are more cost – efficient, achieving an optimal balance of performance, quality, and cost; and

•   ASIC-based one-dimensional electronic scanning scheme . While many peers have adopted
    two-dimensional scanning, we implement one-dimensional electronic scanning on ASICs. The
    combination of one-dimensional scanning with rotational mirror in horizontal direction and
    ASIC-based solid-state electronic scanning in vertical direction provides reliable performance,
    significantly reduces power consumption, and minimizes optical crosstalk. This approach
    enhances point cloud image quality, offering a leading combination of long detection range,
    high image quality, reliability, and cost and power efficiency.

Hesai Technology’s ASIC-based architecture has established itself as a mainstream technology
pathway. Major industry players have been shifting from their original technological approaches to
adopt a LiDAR architecture similar to Hesai Technology’s ASIC-based design in their latest products.

ASIC approach simplifies product architecture, optimizes design and generally have following key
advantages:

•   Performance Improvements . ASICs allow for application customization, reduced power
    consumption, and optimized signal processing tuning by leveraging architectures tailored
    for LiDAR applications, streamlined circuit design, and system-level signal optimization
    capabilities. These advantages are exemplified in Hesai Technology’s first generation flagship
    ASIC-based LiDAR, AT128. The introduction of AT128 not only addresses the market gap
    for high-performance yet cost-effective LiDAR solutions, but also advances autonomous
    driving perception systems toward higher accuracy and enhanced reliability. AT128 leverages
    ASIC-based technology to integrate 128 VCSEL laser arrays, enabling genuine 128-channel
    scanning. Prior to AT128, similar technological architecture was only capable of achieving a
    modest 16-line scanning. Higher channel count allows AT128 to achieve ultra-high angular
    resolution and supports over a million point cloud outputs per second, enhancing the
    granularity and real-time performance of environmental perception. AT128 achieves effective
    range of over 200 meters under 10% reflectivity conditions, allowing vehicles to detect distant
    obstacles early in highways and providing more time for decision-making and response;
14       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Business Overview and Outlook




     •     Cost Optimization . ASIC approach significantly reduces the number of components in a LiDAR
           product. The simplified structure and reduced component count in LiDAR minimize assembly
           steps compared to the legacy approach, which involves assembling hundreds of discrete
           off-the-shelf components. For example, OT128, which is a product designed for Robotaxi
           industry, replicated the ASIC-based design of AT128, which is an ADAS product, significantly
           slashing the price of mechanical LiDAR. It achieves a 66% reduction in components and a nearly
           95% decrease in key production time as compared to Pandar128, a signature mechanical LiDAR
           product. The innovative use of the ASIC structure on a mechanical LiDAR makes OT128 highly
           scalable for Robotaxi commercialization while delivering performance comparable to peer
           products. Additionally, ASIC approach enhances automation, significantly boosting production
           efficiency and cost savings. For instance, the cost of a single-channel transceiver in 2023 was
           approximately less than one-twentieth of its 2016 price; and

     •     Enhanced Quality. High level integration and simplified manufacturing process enabled by ASIC
           approach improve product consistency and reliability. Traditional LiDARs require assembling
           hundreds of discrete components and manual calibration, increasing the risk of human error.
           In contrast, ASIC-based LiDARs integrate key functions into a few chips, enabling automated
           production, more consistent optical calibration, and enhanced production quality. As a result,
           ASIC approach significantly reduces the defect rate.

     Leveraging its industry-leading ASIC approach, Hesai Technology outperformed its peers and set a
     benchmark for high-performance, high quality and low-cost LiDARs, leading to significant revenue
     and market share growth thereafter.

     Platform-Level Know-how

     A LiDAR is a complex system that incorporates many disciplines, such as optics, electronics,
     mechanical structure, and software, among others. Hesai Technology’s interdisciplinary team of
     engineers, consisting of experts in various areas, have designed and optimized its LiDAR products
     toward their physical limit through fundamental analysis and extensive experiments. During its
     years of development of LiDAR products, Hesai Technology has overcome many challenges and has
     accumulated a broad spectrum of know-how for LiDARs, including laser channel crosstalk reduction,
     point cloud interference rejection, and LiDAR performance consistency across the full LiDAR
     operating environment, among others.

     Platform design, also known in the industry as “nesting dolls,” involves deriving and developing
     products that meet different needs based on the same product architecture. This maximizes the
     sharing of technological achievements, material supply chains, and manufacturing production lines.

     •     Hesai Technology introduced platform thinking since 2017, one of the earliest among the
           industry peers. For instance, its Pandar series can achieve 40-line, 64-line, and 128-line
           products under the same architecture, and XT series was launched with both 16 and 32 lines.
           Products within the same series can maintain consistent sizes and interfaces, facilitating
           seamless transitions for customers.

     •     In addition to internal platformization within each series, Hesai Technology’s cross series
           module re-use ratio is also high. For example, in the AT and ET product series, 70% of the
           components and parts can be shared, significantly reducing supply chain costs and research
           and development costs.

     •     Hesai Technology’s platformization also enabled architecture sharing between different
           categories of products. For example, the OT128, which is a product designed for Robotaxi
           industry, also replicated the ASIC-based design of AT128, an ADAS product, significantly
           slashing the price of mechanical LiDAR.
                                                                                         HESAI GROUP       15




Business Overview and Outlook




Unlike many peers who shifted their technological approaches during the development process,
Hesai Technology has been committed to its core architecture and technology approaches over
the years. As a result, Hesai Technology has accumulated a broad spectrum of know-how in LiDAR
technology, which can be effectively leveraged on the system-level to support the development
of a diverse range of product offerings and foster continuous innovation of its next-generation
LiDARs.

Automotive Grade Production

Since 2017, Hesai Technology has been working with global OEMs on LiDAR designs that can meet
automotive grade requirements, including, but not limited to, viability under a wide range of
working conditions, high reliability, long service life, electromagnetic compatibility (EMC), functional
safety, and cybersecurity. Its LiDAR products have been running in volume on customers’ vehicle
fleets across the globe. As the foundation of its automotive design, Hesai Technology makes sure
that its LiDAR components fulfill automotive grade requirements. It designs and tests its proprietary
ASIC-based architecture under automotive standards. For other components that it sources from its
suppliers, Hesai Technology only chooses automotive grade counterparts for projects that require
compliance with automotive standards. For non-automotive-grade projects, it procures components
based on project-specific requirements and industrial-wise accepted standards. During the product
and process design phase, Hesai Technology uses tools such as design failure mode, failure mode
and respective effect analysis to ensure its design is robust. Throughout years of collaboration with
global OEMs, Hesai Technology has established a comprehensive set of automotive grade design
verification tests, whose parameters and standards are approved by its OEM customers as sufficient
to ensure the reliability of its LiDARs during automotive usage. These tests include, for example,
vibration with thermal cycling, mechanical shock, high temperature degradation, humid heat cyclic,
salt spray and Xenon lamp aging test.

Hesai Technology also established its Maxwell Center with specialized equipment to conduct these
tests in-house. The rigorous test standards, along with its testing capabilities, ensure that the
LiDARs it designs and manufactures can be verified against the high standards. Hesai Technology
has successfully acquired essential certifications crucial for automotive grade design, including
ASPICE CL2, International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 9001, ISO 14001, and IATF 16949.
For functional safety and cybersecurity, it also works closely with its OEM customers to ensure
that its delivery meets their requirements. Hesai Technology also holds certifications from SGS,
a globally renowned third-party certification entity, as the first achiever of ISO 26262 ASIL-B
functional safety product certification in the LiDAR sector. Additionally, Hesai Technology has
garnered recognition as the first in the LiDAR sector to receive ISO/Society of Automotive Engineers
(SAE) 21434 cybersecurity product certification from TÜV Rheinland, a leading independent
technical testing organization in Germany. With a strong focus on its dedication to global
automotive information security standards for LiDAR, Hesai Technology has also received ISO 27001
and Trusted Information Security Assessment Exchange, or TISAX, AL3 certifications.

Other Innovative Technologies

In addition to the core technologies above, throughout its history, Hesai Technology has developed
and applied numerous other “industry first” technologies to its core business, including interference
rejection technology and intelligent point cloud engine (IPE), which have disrupted the industry and
contributed to its success.
16     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Business Overview and Outlook




     Hesai Technology released products with interference rejection technology that encrypts each laser
     pulse to minimize interference between LiDAR units in early 2018, and made it a standard feature
     for series of LiDAR products it ships. Hesai Technology’s development of this industry-leading
     technology marked a significant milestone in the LiDAR industry as with the number of
     LiDAR-equipped vehicles increased on the road, interference among these vehicles became a major
     safety issue. By adopting interference rejection technology, we are able to minimize pulse collisions
     within channels or between LiDAR units, reducing ghosting, channel crosstalk, signal interference,
     and noise. This leads to cleaner point clouds with sharper 3D images, improving measurement
     accuracy and overall reliability.

     Hesai Technology developed IPE, which is capable of marking and filtering out more than 99.9% of
     environmental noise, such as rain, fog, exhaust from preceding vehicles, and dust, in real time. It
     conducts real-time wave analysis and performs “pixel-level” tagging and filtering in the point cloud,
     resulting in enhanced image quality and improved reliability of LiDAR. This technology significantly
     reduces misidentifications and false triggers, making LiDAR more stable in adverse conditions.

     Manufacturing Process and Supply Chain

     Hesai Technology has been engaged in in-house manufacturing from day one. This approach,
     compared with contract manufacturing or manufacturing through partnering with third parties,
     creates a self – reinforcing process that accelerates product development, enhances production
     efficiency, reduces costs and ensures stable production of high-quality automotive grade
     products at scale. Additionally, this approach provides simultaneous insights and feedback during
     manufacturing, accumulating valuable know-how that strengthens Hesai Technology’s capabilities
     as it increases production and shipment volumes. Hesai Technology’s LiDAR products are assembled
     in its own manufacturing facilities from a variety of raw materials and components, some of which,
     including mechanical parts, optical components, and electrical parts, are procured from trusted
     third-party suppliers. Its in-house manufacturing and testing capabilities and strict quality control
     measures enable it to ensure the high performance and reliability of its products.

     Quality Control

     In a landscape defined by world-class standards, we are committed to providing our customers
     with high-performance products with consistent quality and reliability. With our long history of
     pioneering LiDAR products, we have cultivated in-house manufacturing and testing capabilities to
     maintain our high-quality control standards, optimize manufacturing cost structure, speed up the
     iteration of our product development cycle, and increase the robustness of our supply chain.

     We impose rigorous quality control standards at various stages of our manufacturing process.
     Materials and components are systematically tested at different stages of our manufacturing
     process to ensure that they meet our technical specifications. Our commercialized LiDAR products
     undergo more than 60 stringent reliability tests following OEM standards, including mechanical
     shock, high temperature degradation, thermal shock, power temperature cycle, and salt spray,
     among others. These tests help ensure excellent and stable performance of our LiDAR products in
     harsh environments. We also set key metrics to control the operation of our production line. We
     hold numerous certifications that demonstrate our quality control capabilities, including but not
     limited to EMARK, EU RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances), IEC 60825-1, ASPICE CL2, IATF
     16949, ISO 9001, ISO 14001, ISO 14067, ISO 45001, ISO 21434 and ISO 21448 certifications. In
     terms of suppliers, our supply chain team and research and development team cooperate with each
     other during the selection process to evaluate the suppliers’ capabilities based on factors such as
     quality, volume delivery, pricing, timeline, and the ability to adapt, among others. With our strict
     quality control measures, we are able to produce high-quality LiDAR products in-house.
                                                                                       HESAI GROUP       17




Business Overview and Outlook




We have received AL3 assessment, the highest level of assessment level by TISAX in February 2023,
which means our information security management has met the highest standards of the European
automotive industry, allowing us to provide secure and reliable services to major automotive
manufacturers. Additionally, the TISAX assessment is recognized as a “information security access
certificate” for entering the German automotive supply chain, giving us a competitive edge to
expand our business and collaborate with the leading players in the industry. This assessment can
also enhance our credibility and reputation, attracting more clients and partners that value security
and quality in their operations.

Research and Development

Our interdisciplinary team of engineers form the foundation for our continued success. As of
December 31, 2025, we had 733 experienced engineers, mostly in our research and development
department, amounting to 66.8% of our total employees. 57.2% of our engineers have master’s
degrees or above.

Our research and development team consists of three departments: Hesai Research Institute, the
ASIC center, and the research and development center. Hesai Research Institute undertakes very
early-stage research, such as developing proof-of-concept prototypes and exploring the feasibility
of new concept LiDARs beyond our current product lines. It also develops fundamental components
that are crucial for LiDARs, such as narrow linewidth lasers, integrated optical packaging and
scanners. The ASIC center is responsible for developing customized ASICs for next-generation LiDAR
products, in alignment with our overall product strategy and product pipeline planning. The research
and development center is responsible for the design and development of our LiDAR products. It
consists of experts in various areas, such as optics, electronics, mechanics, software, and functional
safety, among others. The research and development center works with our business development
team to understand customers’ needs and design the LiDAR products according to the desired
specifications, and works with our manufacturing team to ensure the manufacturability of our
LiDARs. After the development of each product, we summarize the experience and know-how we
accumulate during the process into our core technologies, which then expedites the development of
our next LiDAR product.

Intellectual Property

We believe that we have significant capabilities in LiDAR design and ASIC R&D. We regard our
patents, trademarks, copyrights, know-how, proprietary technologies, domain names, and similar
intellectual property as critical to our success. As of December 31, 2025, we had 632 patents
granted and 728 pending patent applications in China, and 157 patents granted and 554 pending
patent applications in other jurisdictions, such as the United States and Europe. Our patents
cover our key technologies, including LiDAR technologies and applications, ASIC technologies,
and laser-based gas sensor technologies. As of December 31, 2025, we also had 110 registered
trademarks, including “禾賽” and “Hesai,” in China and overseas countries, and copyrights to 31
software programs in China developed by us relating to various aspects of our operations, and
registered domain names, including hesaitech.com. We intend to continue to file additional patent
applications with respect to our technology.
18     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Business Overview and Outlook




     We seek to protect our technology and associated intellectual property rights through a combination
     of know-how, patent, copyright, and trademark laws, as well as internal procedures and policies,
     and other contractual protections. We enter into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements
     with our employees, our suppliers, outsourcing partners, and others to protect our proprietary
     rights. The agreements we enter into with our employees also provide that all patents, software,
     inventions, developments, works of authorship, and trade secrets created by them during their
     employment are our properties. We have employed internal policies, confidentiality agreements,
     encryptions, and data security measures to protect our proprietary rights. However, there can be
     no assurance that our efforts will be successful. Even if our efforts are successful, we may incur
     significant costs in defending our rights. From time to time, third parties may initiate litigation
     against us alleging infringement of their proprietary rights or declaring their non-infringement of
     our intellectual property rights.

     Business Development

     We have a dedicated business development team in each of the business areas in charge of the
     marketing of our LiDAR products to prospective customers. As an integral part of our marketing
     strategy, we attend large technology conferences and industry expositions to showcase our
     products, solutions, and our technology. We also focus our marketing efforts on generating
     word-of-mouth referrals and creating content for marketing on media platforms with the goal
     of increasing our product exposure and building our reputation. Our marketing content includes
     high-quality articles and videos developed in-house, which elaborate on our product specifications
     and technologies. We believe that the combination of our high-quality content and the optimization
     of our marketing channels, in addition to our digitalized direct sales system, form a virtuous cycle
     from content marketing to sales leads, which enables us to achieve continued brand exposure and
     attract high-quality potential customers at relatively low marketing spending.

     We sell our LiDAR products primarily through direct offline sales, with only a minimal portion
     distributed via regional distributors and system integrators. Our website showcases our products
     for potential customers with insightful product descriptions and reaches our customers globally.
     We have a dedicated team of salespersons, divided by regions including Asia Pacific, the Americas,
     and Europe, and others, to pursue and maintain relationships with established regional distributors
     to tap into offline consumer markets. We believe that sales of our products will be enhanced
     by knowledgeable salespersons who can convey the value of our revolutionary technologies
     and demonstrate our products’ high performance. Many salespersons have previously worked
     at renowned technology companies and have years of sales experience and a foundation of
     technological knowledge to support their sales activities. We promote our products together with
     our regional distributors through promotional and branding activities, such as attending industry
     trade shows and making speeches at conferences.

     Customer Service and Warranty

     In our ongoing efforts to maintain customer satisfaction and improve our products and services,
     we have a high-quality after-sales team to provide comprehensive after-sales service. We have a
     dedicated team in China and globally to provide before – and after-sales services to our customers.
     They can diagnose issues, either at the customers’ places or remotely, and identify the solutions for
     the customers’ problems.

     We typically offer a standard product warranty to customers of our products. Our warranty period
     is generally up to one year from acceptance. During the warranty period, for any product quality
     issue on either our software or hardware, we will make repair or replacement free of charge under
     certain conditions. For product damage caused by the customer’s own improper operation, we will
     provide repair services with charge.
                                                                                    HESAI GROUP       19




Business Overview and Outlook




Competition

The major downstream markets for LiDAR applications, including ADAS and Robotics markets, are
rapidly evolving and competitive, with many potential applications under development. As a result,
although we believe that we have the market-leading LiDAR technology, we face competition from
a range of companies developing LiDAR products for these applications, some of which may have
similar offerings. Our primary competitors include Tier 1 suppliers who also provide LiDAR products
and existing LiDAR companies. We believe that we are strategically well-positioned in our market,
and we compete with others favorably based on our advanced LiDAR technology that delivers
strong results in Performance, Quality, and Cost, automotive grade manufacturing process, and
strong research and development capabilities. Additionally, we expect our product costs per unit to
continue to decrease over time as production volume expands and our technologies develop.

BUSINESS OUTLOOK

For the first quarter of 2026, the Company expects net revenues to be between RMB650 million
(US$93 million) and RMB700 million (US$100 million), representing a year-over-year increase of
approximately 24% to 33%.

The above outlook is based on current market conditions and reflects the Company’s preliminary
estimates of market and operating conditions and customer demand, which are all subject to
change.
20     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Management Discussion and Analysis


     RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the Consolidated Statements of
     Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income contained in this annual report.

     NET REVENUES

     Net revenues, which mainly consisted of revenue from LiDAR products and engineering design,
     development and validation service and solution service, were RMB3,027.6 million (US$432.9
     million) for the full year of 2025, representing an increase of 45.8% from RMB2,077.2 million for
     the prior year. Product revenues were RMB2,982.9 million (US$426.6 million) for the full year of
     2025, representing an increase of 51.7% from RMB1,966.3 million for the prior year. The year-over-
     year increase was mainly attributable to increased revenues from sales of both ADAS and Robotics
     lidar products due to robust demand, both in China and globally. Service revenues were RMB44.6
     million (US$6.4 million) for the full year of 2025, representing a decrease of 59.8% from RMB110.8
     million for the prior year. The year-over-year decrease was driven by lower revenues from non-
     recurring engineering services.

     Our revenue from LiDAR products increased by 52.7% from RMB1,946.8 million in 2024 to
     RMB2,973.3 million (US$425.2 million) in 2025, primarily attributable to due to robust demand, both
     in China and globally. We recognized revenue from approximately 501,900 and 1,620,400 LiDAR
     units sold with an average selling price of approximately US$530 and US$260 per unit in 2024 and
     2025, respectively. The decrease of the unit price per LiDAR sold was primarily attributable to the
     increase in portion of ADAS shipment with lower selling price. Our revenue from gas detection
     products decreased by 79.2% from RMB15.4 million in 2024 to RMB3.2 million (US$0.5 million)
     in 2025, which was mainly attributable to contraction of our gas sensor business. Our revenue
     from engineering design, development and validation service and solution service decreased
     from RMB100.3 million in 2024 to RMB36.1 million (US$5.2 million) in 2025. Our revenues from
     other service decreased from RMB10.8 million in 2024 to RMB8.5 million (US$1.2 million) in 2025,
     primarily attributable to decrease in revenue from extend warranty service.

     COST OF REVENUES

     Cost of revenues was RMB1,762.5 million (US$252.0 million) for the full year of 2025, representing
     an increase of 47.8% from RMB1,192.6 million for the prior year. The increase was primarily
     attributable to the increase in material and component cost and labor cost driven by higher sales
     volumes. The increase of our cost of revenues was partially offset by the decrease in manufacturing
     cost, driven by effective cost and scale optimization on both ADAS and Robotics lidars.

     GROSS PROFIT AND GROSS MARGIN

     As a result of the foregoing, our gross profit increased by 43.0% from RMB884.6 million in 2024 to
     RMB1,265.1 million (US$180.9 million) in 2025. Gross margin was 41.8% for the full year of 2025,
     compared with 42.6% for the prior year. The year-over-year decrease for gross margin was due to
     a decrease in revenues from high-margin non-recurring engineering services, and a higher revenue
     contribution from ADAS lidars, which typically carry a lower gross margin than Robotics lidars,
     partially offset by effective cost and scale optimization on both ADAS and Robotics lidars.

     SALES AND MARKETING EXPENSES

     Sales and marketing expenses remained relatively stable at RMB192.0 million (US$27.5 million) for
     the full year of 2025, compared to RMB193.0 million in the prior year.
                                                                                      HESAI GROUP       21




Management Discussion and Analysis




GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

General and administrative expenses were RMB288.8 million (US$41.3 million) for the full year of
2025, representing a decrease of 8.9% from RMB316.9 million for the prior year. The decrease was
mainly driven by a decrease in professional service fees of RMB40.5 million (US$5.8 million).

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

Research and development expenses were RMB796.9 million (US$114.0 million) for the full year of
2025, representing a decrease of 6.9% from RMB855.6 million for the prior year. The year-over-
year decrease was mainly due to a decrease in payroll expenses of RMB32.8 million (US$4.7 million)
and a decrease in material expenses of RMB17.2 million (US$2.5 million). The payroll savings were
mainly driven by the broader adoption of AI tools within our R&D team.

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS

Income from operations was RMB168.8 million (US$24.1 million) for the full year of 2025,
compared with loss from operations of RMB204.9 million for the prior year. Excluding share-based
compensation expenses, non-GAAP income from operations was RMB283.4 million (US$40.5 million)
for the full year of 2025, compared with non-GAAP loss from operations of RMB88.8 million for the
prior year.

OTHER NET OPERATING INCOME

Other net operating income was RMB184.6 million (US$26.4 million) for the full year of 2025,
compared with other loss of RMB2.5 million for the prior year. The other income was mainly derived
from a gain on disposal of an equity investment in an early-stage tech company. The change was
primarily due to decrease of one-off project-based payment of RMB203.3 million from a leading
global OEM headquartered in the United States in 2024, partially offset by increase in government
grant, arbitration compensation, and gain from transferring patent.

INTEREST INCOME

Interest income represents interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents, short-term
investments and long-term time deposits. Our interest income increased from RMB104.4 million
in 2024 to RMB130.2 million (US$18.6 million) in 2025 which was mainly due to the increase in
average balance of our short-term investments and long-term time deposits.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE GAIN (LOSS), NET

We had foreign exchange gain of RMB14.6 million in 2024, in comparison with foreign exchange
gain of RMB2.2 million (US$0.3 million) in 2025, as a result of fluctuations of the exchange rates of
Renminbi against U.S. dollars.

NET INCOME

Net income was RMB435.9 million (US$62.3 million) for the full year of 2025, compared with net
loss of RMB102.4 million for the prior year. Excluding share-based compensation expenses, non-
GAAP net income was RMB550.5 million (US$78.7 million) for the full year of 2025, representing an
increase of 3,922.0% from RMB13.7 million for the prior year.
22     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Management Discussion and Analysis




     NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

     Net income attributable to ordinary shareholders was RMB435.9 million (US$62.3 million) for the
     full year of 2025, compared with net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company
     of RMB102.4 million for the prior year. Excluding share-based compensation expenses, non-GAAP
     net income attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company was RMB550.5 million (US$78.7
     million) for the full year of 2025, representing an increase of 3,922.0% from RMB13.7 million for
     the prior year.

     BASIC AND DILUTED NET INCOME PER ORDINARY SHARE

     Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share were RMB3.13 (US$0.45) and RMB2.98 (US$0.43),
     respectively, for the full year of 2025. Excluding share-based compensation expenses, non-GAAP
     basic and diluted net income per ordinary share were RMB3.96 (US$0.57) and RMB3.76 (US$0.54),
     respectively, for the full year of 2025.

     LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     During the year ended December 31, 2025, we funded our cash requirements principally through
     our Hong Kong Global Offering and cash generated from our operations. We had cash reserve of
     RMB7,511.0 million and RMB3,204.8 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

     Our principal source of liquidity has been cash generated by historical equity financing activities.
     As of December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, our cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-
     term investments and long-term time deposits were RMB3.1 billion, RMB3.2 billion and RMB7.5
     billion (US$1.1 billion), respectively. Our cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of time deposits
     and money market funds with banks with original maturities of less than three months. Our short-
     term investments primarily consist of time deposits, and structured financial products issued by
     commercial banks with guaranteed principal and variable rates of return indexed to interest rates,
     exchange rates, commodities, broad-based index of stock market, and other financial or non-
     financial underlying assets, all with original maturities less than one year.

     We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient
     to meet our current and anticipated working capital requirements and capital expenditures for at
     least the next 12 months. We may, however, need additional cash resources in the future if we
     experience changes in business conditions or other developments. We may also need additional
     cash resources in the future if we identify and wish to pursue opportunities for investment,
     acquisition, capital expenditure or similar actions.

     Net cash provided by operating activities was RMB117.0 million in 2025, compared with RMB63.5
     million in 2024. Net cash used in investing activities in 2025 was RMB5,553.8 million (US$794.2
     million). Net cash provided by financing activities in 2025 was RMB4,345.9 million (US$621.5
     million), which primarily include proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares through our Hong Kong
     Global Offering.
                                                                                       HESAI GROUP       23




Management Discussion and Analysis




BORROWINGS

We had outstanding borrowings of RMB727.0 million (US$104.0 million) as of December 31, 2025.
Details of our borrowings are disclosed in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this
annual report.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURES FOR CONTINUING OPERATIONS

Our capital expenditures primarily represent capital payment for construction of Hertz Center,
Maxwell Center and our factory in Thailand, and purchase of electronic equipment, leasehold
improvement, machinery and equipment, prototype design, and intangible assets. We incurred
capital expenditures of RMB342.2 million (US$48.9 million) in 2025. We will continue to incur capital
expenditures to meet the expected growth of our business.

INVESTMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS

Investments

In April 2025, we, through a partnership, indirectly subscribed approximately 10% equity interest in
an early-stage technological company (the “Investee”), an associate of Founding Shareholders of
the Group, for a cash consideration of US$13.9 million, equivalent to approximately RMB100 million.

In August 2025, we, through a partnership, indirectly disposed its entire equity interest in the
Investee to two independent third-party investors for a cash consideration of US$38.4 million,
equivalent to RMB275 million. The gain on the indirect disposal of the Investee after deduction of
the related taxes and expenses would be approximately US$20.7 million, equivalent to RMB148
million. As of December 31, 2025, our short-term and long-term investments were comprised
almost entirely of structured bank financial products and time deposits.

Significant investments

The Group’s investments with value of 5% or more of our total assets are considered as significant
investments.

Saved as disclosed in this annual report, we did not hold any significant investments during the
year ended December 31, 2025.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, consolidated affiliated
subsidiaries, associated companies or joint ventures during the year ended December 31, 2025.

PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As at December 31, 2025, land-use rights and constructions with a total book value of RMB362
million were pledged to secure banking facilities.
24     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Management Discussion and Analysis




     FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSET

     Save as disclosed in the annual report, the Group did not have detailed future plans for material
     investments or capital assets as at December 31, 2025.

     GEARING RATIO

     As at December 31, 2025, the Company’s gearing ratio (i.e., total liabilities divided by total assets,
     in percentage) was 20.4% (as at December 31, 2024: 34.4%).

     FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

     Our expenditures are mainly denominated in Renminbi and, therefore, we are primarily exposed
     to risks related to movements between Renminbi and U.S. dollars. Our exposure to U.S. dollars
     exchange rate fluctuation arises from the Renminbi-denominated cash and cash equivalents,
     restricted cash, time deposits and short-term investments and long-term financial instruments
     held by us and our subsidiaries whose functional currency is U.S. dollars, and the U.S. dollar-
     denominated cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, time deposits and short-term investments
     and long-term financial instruments held by our subsidiaries whose functional currency is Renminbi.

     To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into Renminbi for our operations, appreciation
     of Renminbi against U.S. dollars would have an adverse effect on the Renminbi amount we receive
     from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert Renminbi into U.S. dollars for the purpose
     of making payments to suppliers or for dividends on the Class B Ordinary Shares or ADS of the
     Company or for other business purposes, appreciation of U.S. dollars against Renminbi would have
     a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amounts available to us.

     INTEREST RATE RISK

     Our exposure to interest rate risk primarily relates to the interest income generated by excess cash,
     which is mostly held in interest-bearing bank deposits and wealth management products. Interest-
     earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. We have not been exposed to material risks
     due to changes in market interest rates, and we have not used any derivative financial instruments
     to manage our interest risk exposure.

     From time to time, we may invest the net proceeds that we receive from our overseas offerings
     in interest-earning instruments. Investments in both fixed-rate and floating rate interest-earning
     instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed-rate securities may have their fair market
     value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating-rate securities may produce
     less income than expected if interest rates fall.
                                                                                      HESAI GROUP       25




Management Discussion and Analysis




CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Company had no material contingent liabilities as at December 31, 2025.

CAPITAL COMMITMENT

As of December 31, 2025, capital commitment of the Company was RMB38.4 million, compared with
RMB132.9 million as at December 31, 2024, primarily attributable to commitments of manufacturing
facilities and investment.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION

As at December 31, 2025, the Company had a total of 1,118 employees.

The following table sets forth the numbers of our employees categorized by function as of
December 31, 2025.

                                                                                         Number of
Function                                                                                 Employees

Research and development                                                                         587
Production and supply chain                                                                      206
Management                                                                                         55
Sales and marketing                                                                               116
Others                                                                                           154

Total                                                                                          1,118

As of December 31, 2025, we had 1,090 employees based in Mainland China and 28 overseas
employees, and we also had 1,879 contracting workers primarily in our manufacturing facilities in
China.

As required by the PRC laws and regulations, we participate in various employee social security
schemes organized by municipal and provincial governments, including pension, maternity
insurance, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance, medical insurance and housing
provident fund. We are required under PRC laws and regulations to make contributions to employee
social security schemes at specified percentages of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of
our employees, up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time. We
also purchase commercial health and accidental insurance for our employees.

Bonuses are generally discretionary and based in part on employee performance and in part on the
overall performance of the Group’s business. The Company has granted and plans to continue to
grant share-based incentive awards to its employees in the future to incentivize their contributions
to its growth and development.

We regularly provide training programs to our employees of different departments. Such training
programs include technical and engineering trainings as well as general career development. To
attract top talents and cultivate a culture of collaboration, we also invested in mentorship programs
that are open to employees of all levels.
26     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Management Discussion and Analysis




     IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

     By a special resolution passed at the extraordinary general meeting and class meetings of the
     Company held on March 3, 2026, the Company had, among others, adopted of its third amended
     and restated memorandum and articles of association, approved the re-designation of 50,000,000
     authorized but unissued and un-designated shares (as defined under the Listing Rules) into Class
     B Ordinary Shares on a one-for-one basis, and granted a general mandate to the Directors to
     issue/repurchase shares and/or ADSs. For details, please refer to the circular and poll results
     announcement of the Company dated January 26, 2026 and March 3, 2026 respectively, and the
     third amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company.

     USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES

     To supplement Hesai’s consolidated financial results presented in accordance with GAAP, Hesai
     uses the following measures defined as non-GAAP financial measures by the SEC: income/loss from
     operation excluding share-based compensation expenses, net profit/loss excluding share-based
     compensation expenses, net profit/loss attributable to ordinary shareholders excluding share-
     based compensation, and per ordinary share net income/loss attributable to ordinary shareholders
     excluding share-based compensation. The presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures is
     not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared
     and presented in accordance with GAAP.

     Hesai believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental
     information regarding its performance and liquidity by excluding share-based compensation
     expenses that may not be indicative of its operating performance from a cash perspective. Hesai
     believes that both management and investors benefit from referring to these non-GAAP financial
     measures in assessing its performance and when planning and forecasting future periods. These
     non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate management’s internal comparisons to Hesai’s
     historical performance and liquidity. Hesai believes these non-GAAP financial measures are useful
     to investors in allowing for greater transparency with respect to supplemental information used
     by management in its financial and operational decision making. A limitation of using these non-
     GAAP financial measures is that they exclude share-based compensation expenses that have been
     and will continue to be for the foreseeable future a significant recurring expense in our business.
     Management compensates for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the
     GAAP amounts excluded from each non-GAAP financial measure. The accompanying tables have
     more details on the reconciliations between GAAP financial measures that are most directly
     comparable to non-GAAP financial measures.
                                                                                        HESAI GROUP       27




Report of the Directors


The Board is pleased to present this Report of Directors, together with the consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the “Consolidated Financial
Statements”).

GENERAL INFORMATION

The Company was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on April 21, 2021 as an
exempted company with limited liability. The Company’s ADSs, each of which represents one Class
B Ordinary Share, were listed on NASDAQ under the symbol of “HSAI” on February 9, 2023. The
Company’s Class B Ordinary Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
under the stock code “2525” and stock short name “HESAI-W”.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

Hesai Technology (Nasdaq: HSAI; HKEX: 2525) is a global leader in 3D perception solutions.
Leveraging full-stack proprietary ASIC capabilities and an integrated R&D-testing-manufacturing
approach, Hesai has established industry-leading positions across core physical AI domains,
including ADAS-equipped passenger vehicles, autonomous mobility, spatial intelligence, embodied
AI, as well as industrial, agricultural, and service robots. Hesai has established offices in Shanghai,
Palo Alto, and Stuttgart, and operates in-house factories in China and Thailand, with customers
spanning more than 40 countries. As the AI-driven Fourth Industrial Revolution accelerates, Hesai is
committed to becoming a key enabler of physical AI – digitizing the real world and redefining how
humans and robots perceive and act.

BUSINESS REVIEW

The business review and business outlook of the Group is set out in the sections headed “Business
Overview and Outlook” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report. All
references herein to other sections or reports in this annual report form part of this Report of the
Directors.

KEY RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS

The Group recognizes that its stakeholders including employees, customers, suppliers and business
partners are key to the Group’s success. The Group strives to achieve corporate sustainability
through engaging, collaborating, and cultivating strong relationships with them. An account of the
Company’s key relationships with its employees, customers and suppliers and others that have a
significant impact on the Company is set out in the “Business Review and Outlook”, “Corporate
Governance Report” sections of this annual report and the “Environmental, Social and Governance
Report” of the Company. The abovementioned discussions form a part of this Report of the
Directors.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income contained in this annual report.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income,
and Consolidated Balance Sheets of the Group is set out on page 2 of this annual report.
28       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors




     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company has adopted a policy on payment of dividends. The Board has discretion on whether
     to distribute dividends, subject to certain requirements of Cayman Islands law. In addition, our
     Shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend, but no dividend may exceed the
     amount recommended by the Board. In either case, all dividends are subject to certain restrictions
     under Cayman Islands law, namely that the Company may only pay dividends out of profits or share
     premium account, and provided always that in no circumstances may a dividend be paid if this
     would result in our company being unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
     of business. Even if we decide to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount will depend upon
     our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general financial condition,
     contractual restrictions and other factors that the Board may deem relevant. Since inception, we
     have not declared or paid any dividends on our ordinary shares or ADSs. The Company does not
     have any present plan to pay any cash dividends on our ordinary shares or ADSs in the foreseeable
     future. We currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and any future earnings
     to operate and expand our business. The Company does not have a fixed dividend pay-out ratio.

     The Company is a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. We may rely on dividends
     from our subsidiary in mainland China for our cash requirements, including any payment of
     dividends to our shareholders. PRC foreign exchange regulations may restrict the ability of our
     mainland China subsidiary to pay dividends to us.

     As of December 31, 2025, there was no arrangement under which a shareholder had waived or
     agreed to waive any dividends.

     DIVIDEND

     The Board did not recommend the distribution of an annual dividend for the year ended December
     31, 2025. (for the year ended December 31, 2024: nil).

     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

     Our business involves certain risks as set out in the section headed “Risk Factors” in the Prospectus
     and the annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2025 filed with the SEC. The
     following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties Group faces, some of which
     are beyond the Company’s control.

     Risks related to our business and industry

     •     Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risks
           and challenges we may encounter.

     •     Our LiDAR products used on vehicles are highly complex and may contain defects or otherwise
           fail to perform in line with expectations. Such defects or failures could reduce the market
           adoption of our new products, damage our reputation, expose us to product liability and other
           claims and adversely affect our operating results.

     •     If our LiDAR products are not selected by automotive customers or their suppliers, our
           business will be materially and adversely affected.
                                                                                      HESAI GROUP       29




Report of the Directors




•   We currently have and target many customers that are large corporations with substantial
    negotiating power, stringent product standards and potentially competitive internal solutions.
    If we fail to engage effectively with these customers, our prospects and results of operations
    will be adversely affected.

•   Our ability to develop, manufacture, and deliver LiDAR products of high quality and appeal to
    customers on schedule and at scale is still evolving.

•   Our efforts to continue developing and commercializing our in-house ASICs may not succeed.

•   We may from time to time introduce new products or expand into new business areas beyond
    our core LiDAR business, and these initiatives may not be successful and may adversely affect
    our financial performance.

•   The current tensions in international trade and investment and rising political tensions,
    particularly between the United States and China, may adversely impact our business, financial
    condition, and results of operations, as well as our access to international capital markets.

•   We have been included in a list of Chinese companies with alleged ties to the Chinese military
    issued by the U.S. Department of Defense, which has had and may continue to have an
    adverse effect on our reputation, the market prices of our ADSs and Class B Ordinary Shares
    and our business opportunities.

•   We operate in highly competitive markets and some market participants have substantially
    greater resources than us. We may not successfully compete against them.

•   If market adoption of LiDAR does not continue to develop, or develops more slowly than we
    expect, our business will be adversely affected.

•   The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our auditor in relation to their audit work.

•   Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future
    if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The
    delisting of our ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect
    the value of your investment.

Risks related to doing business in China

•   The PRC government has significant oversight in regulating our operations and may influence
    or intervene in our operations at any time. Actions by the PRC government to exert control
    over offerings conducted overseas by, and foreign investment in, China-based issuers could
    significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
    to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless.
    Implementation of industry-wide regulations in this nature may also cause the value of such
    securities to significantly decline or become worthless.

•   Changes in China’s economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a
    material adverse effect on our business and operations.

•   Uncertainties exist with respect to how the PRC Foreign Investment Law may impact the
    viability of our current corporate structure and operations.
30       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors




     •     Risks and uncertainties arising from the legal system in China, including risks and uncertainties
           regarding the enforcement of laws and the fact that rules and regulations in China may evolve
           quickly with any public consultation and advanced notice period being relatively short in terms
           of the time that we may need to fully adapt to such changes, all of which could result in a
           material adverse change in our operations and the value of our ADSs.

     •     If we fail to complete the CSRC filing and other procedures for any future offshore offering or
           listing, we may be subject to sanctions imposed by the relevant PRC governmental authority.

     •     Any actual or alleged failure to comply with the various applicable laws and regulations related
           to personal information protection, data security and cybersecurity could affect our offshore
           listing and lead to liabilities, penalties or other regulatory actions, which could have a material
           and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

     •     We are subject to Chinese Mainland laws and regulations restricting capital flows which may
           affect our liquidity.

     •     The M&A Rules and certain other PRC regulations establish procedures for certain acquisitions
           of PRC companies, which could make it difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions
           in the PRC.

     Risks related to our ADSs and our Shares

     •     The trading price of the ADSs has been and is likely to continue to be, and the trading price
           of our Class B Ordinary Shares can be, volatile, which could result in substantial losses to
           investors.

     •     Our dual-class share structure with different voting rights limits your ability to influence
           corporate matters and could discourage others from pursuing any change of control
           transactions that holders of our Class B Ordinary Shares or ADSs may view as beneficial.
                                                                                      HESAI GROUP         31




Report of the Directors




WEIGHTED VOTING RIGHTS

The Company is controlled through weighted voting rights, under which the Company’s share
capital comprises Class B Ordinary Shares and Class A Ordinary Shares. Each Class A Ordinary Share
entitles the holder thereof to exercise ten votes and each Class B Ordinary Share entitles the holder
thereof to exercise one vote, on any resolution tabled at the Company’s general meetings, except
for resolutions with respect to the Reserved Matters, in relation to which each share is entitled to
one vote.

The WVR Structure of the Company enables the WVR Beneficiaries to exercise voting control over
the Company notwithstanding that they do not hold a majority economic interest in the share
capital of the Company. This will enable the Company to benefit from the continuing vision and
leadership of the WVR Beneficiaries who will control the Company with a view to its long-term
prospects and strategy.

Prospective investors are advised to be aware of the potential risks of investing in companies with
WVR structure, in particular that interests of the WVR Beneficiaries may not necessarily always
be aligned with those of our Shareholders as a whole, and that the WVR Beneficiaries will be
in a position to exert significant influence over the affairs of our Company and the outcome of
shareholders’ resolutions, regardless of how other shareholders vote. Prospective investors should
make the decision to invest in the Company only after due and careful consideration.

The table below sets out the ownership and voting rights held by the WVR Beneficiaries as of
December 31, 2025:

                                       Number of        Number of Approximate         Approximate
                                         Class A          Class B percentage of        percentage
                                        Ordinary         Ordinary  issued share           of voting
Name of WVR Beneficiaries                 shares           shares     capital(1)(7)     rights(1)(2)(7)

Dr. Yifan Li(3)                         8,879,636                0            5.7%             22.2%
Dr. Kai Sun(4)                          9,228,622                0            5.9%             23.1%
Mr. Shaoqing Xiang(5)                   8,890,603          165,031            5.8%             22.3%

Total                                  26,998,861          165,031           17.4%             67.7%
32         2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors



     Notes:

     (1)     The calculation is based on the total number of 26,998,861 Class A Ordinary Shares and 129,146,306 Class
             B Ordinary Shares issued as of the December 31, 2025 (excluding the 997,044 Class B Ordinary Shares
             (as of December 31, 2025) issued to the Depositary for bulk issuance of ADS reserved for future issuances
             upon the exercise or vesting of awards granted under the 2021 Plan).

     (2)     On the basis that Class A Ordinary Shares entitle the Shareholder to ten votes per share and Class B
             Ordinary Shares entitle the Shareholder to one vote per share.

     (3)     Dr. Li holds his interest in the Company through ALBJ Limited, which is wholly owned by his wholly owned
             entity Asian LBJ Limited.

     (4)     Dr. Sun holds his interest in the Company through Fermat Star Limited, which is wholly owned by his
             wholly owned entity Rock Ocean Limited.

     (5)     Mr. Xiang holds his Class A Ordinary Shares in the Company and his Class B Ordinary Shares in the
             Company in the form of ADSs through Galbadia Limited, respectively, which is wholly owned by his wholly
             owned entity Balamb Limited.

     (6)     Since co-founding the Company in 2014, Dr. Yifan Li, Dr. Kai Sun and Mr. Shaoqing Xiang have been acting
             in concert with respect to the operation and material decisions of the Company. They entered into a deed
             of concert party arrangement dated April 24, 2025 (the “Concert Party Deed”), whereby they have,
             among other things, acknowledged their historical relationship of acting in concert and confirmed and
             agreed that they shall act in concert to cooperate to consolidate control of the Company.

     (7)     Certain numbers and percentage figures included in the table above have been subject to rounding
             adjustments. Any discrepancies in the table between totals and sums of amounts listed therein are due to
             rounding.

     Without taking into account the voting rights attached to the 997,044 Class B Ordinary Shares
     (as of the December 31, 2025) held by the Depositary which may be used to satisfy any future
     exercise or vesting of awards granted under the 2021 Plan, the WVR Beneficiaries beneficially own
     and control, through their intermediaries, an aggregate of 26,998,861 Class A Ordinary Shares
     and 165,031 Class B Ordinary Shares, representing (a) approximately 17.4% of the Company’s
     issued Shares; and (b) approximately 67.7% of the effective voting rights, on the basis that Class A
     Ordinary Shares entitle the Shareholder to ten votes per share and Class B Ordinary Shares entitle
     the Shareholder to one vote per share.

     Class A Ordinary Shares may be converted into Class B Ordinary Shares on a one to one ratio. Upon
     the conversion of all the issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares into Class B Ordinary
     Shares, the number of Class B Ordinary Shares will increase by 26,998,861 Class B Ordinary Shares,
     representing approximately 17.3% of the total number of issued and outstanding Class B Ordinary
     Shares (as enlarged by such Class B Ordinary Shares) as of December 31, 2025 (excluding the
     997,044 Class B Ordinary Shares held by the Depositary which may be used to satisfy any future
     exercise or vesting of awards granted under the 2021 Plan).
                                                                                      HESAI GROUP       33




Report of the Directors




The weighted voting rights attached to the Class A Ordinary Shares will cease when the relevant
WVR Beneficiary(ies) no longer has beneficial ownership of any of the Class A Ordinary Shares, in
accordance with Rule 8A.22 of the Listing Rules. This may occur:

(i)    upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances set out in Rule 8A.17 of the Listing Rules, in
       particular where any WVR Beneficiary is: (1) deceased; (2) no longer a member of our Board;
       (3) deemed by the Stock Exchange to be incapacitated for the purpose of performing his
       duties as a director; or (4) deemed by the Stock Exchange to no longer meet the requirements
       of a director set out in the Listing Rules;

(ii)   when the holders of Class A Ordinary Shares have transferred to another person the beneficial
       ownership of, or economic interest in, all of the Class A Ordinary Shares or the voting rights
       attached to them, other than in the circumstances permitted by Rule 8A.18 of the Listing
       Rules;

(iii) where a vehicle holding Class A ordinary shares on behalf of a WVR Beneficiary no longer
      complies with Rule 8A.18(2) of the Listing Rules; or

(iv) when all of the Class A ordinary shares have been converted to Class B ordinary shares.

SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company’s material subsidiaries are set out in Note 1 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements of this annual report.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND MAJOR SUPPLIERS

Major customers

During the year ended December 31, 2025, our largest customer and our five largest customers
accounted for 17.1% and 55.8% of our total net revenues, respectively.

Major suppliers

During the year ended December 31, 2025, our largest supplier and our five largest suppliers
accounted for 4.6% and 20.5% of our total purchases, respectively.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, none of our Directors, their close associates or any
of our shareholders (who or which to the knowledge of the Directors owned more than 5% of the
number of our issued share (excluding treasury shares)) had any interest in any of our five largest
customers or suppliers.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision regarding pre-emptive rights in the Articles of Association or the laws of the
Cayman Islands, being the jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated, under which would
oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.
34     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors




     TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION OF HOLDERS OF LISTED SECURITIES

     The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholder by reason
     of their holding of the Shares.

     PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

     Details of movements in the property and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are
     set out in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this annual report.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

     Based on the information publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the
     Directors, the Directors confirmed that the Company has maintained a sufficient public float of 15%
     under Rule 8.08(1) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules for the Relevant Period and up to the date of this
     annual report.

     SHARE CAPITAL

     Details of the movements in the Company’s share capital during the Reporting Period are set out in
     Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Consolidated Statements of Changes in
     Shareholders’ (Deficit) Equity in this annual report.

     As at the date of this annual report, the Company’s authorized share capital consisted of
     50,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each, 950,000,000 Class B
     Ordinary Shares of a par value of US$0.0001 each.

     RESERVES AND DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

     As of December 31, 2025, the Company did not have any distributable reserves.

     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     Discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, and an account of the Group’s
     key relationships with its stakeholders are set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance
     Report, which will be presented in a separate report and published on the websites of the Company
     at investor.hesaitech.com and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at www.hkexnews.hk at the same
     date of this annual report.

     COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     During the year ended December 31, 2025, as far as the Board is aware, the Group has complied
     with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group in all material
     respects.
                                                                                        HESAI GROUP       35




Report of the Directors




MATERIAL LITIGATION

Ouster vs. Hesai Litigations and Arbitration

On April 11, 2023, Ouster, Inc. filed a complaint against Hesai Group and Hesai Technology Co.,
Ltd. in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware for alleged patent infringement
relating to the production, use, sale and/or importation of certain LiDAR systems and/or
components thereof (captioned Ouster, Inc. v. Hesai Group and Hesai Technology Co., Ltd., No.
1:23-cv-00406-CFC). Relatedly, on the same day, Ouster, Inc. filed a complaint with the U.S.
International Trade Commission, or the ITC, requesting that the ITC institute an investigation into
Hesai Group, Hesai Technology Co., Ltd., and Hesai Inc. (collectively, “Hesai Defendant”), pursuant
to Section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930 for substantially similar allegations. On May 30, 2023,
the United States District Court for the District of Delaware ordered a stay of case No. 1:23-cv-
00406-CFC in response to Hesai Defendant’s motion. On July 14, 2023, the parties filed a joint
motion to suspend all case deadlines in the ITC investigation by a period of three months, which the
presiding Administrative Law Judge granted on July 17, 2023. On May 12, 2023, Hesai Defendant
filed a request for arbitration before Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, or JAMS, against
Ouster, Inc. On August 24, 2023, the presiding Administrative Law Judge issued an order granting
Hesai Defendant’s motion to terminate the ITC investigation, or the Order. On October 10, 2023,
the ITC affirmed the Order and terminated the investigation into the alleged patent infringement
initiated by Ouster, Inc. After submitting initial rounds of briefing, the arbitration hearing occurred
in November 2024. As requested by the Tribunal, both parties submitted post-hearing briefing in
December 2024 and January 2025. In late March 2025, the arbitration tribunal issued a confidential
interim decision, finding that Ouster was subject to the Hesai-Velodyne Agreement. As a result,
in May 2025, the District Court of Delaware dismissed Ouster’s patent infringement case without
any conditions, financial settlement or injunctive relief imposed. On September 15, 2025, the
arbitral tribunal issued a confidential final decision confirming its interim decision and awarding the
Company approximately US$6.4 million in costs and fees, which the Company received from Ouster
during the fourth quarter of 2025.
36     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors




     Class action

     On April 7, 2023, the Company and certain of our officers, directors, authorized U.S. representative,
     and underwriters in our February 2023 initial public offering were named as defendants in a
     putative securities class action filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New
     York, captioned Pacella v. Hesai Group, et al., (Case No. 1:23-cv-02634). The plaintiff in this
     case alleges that Company’s registration statement and prospectus, or the Offering Documents,
     filed in connection with its February 2023 initial public offering in the United States contained
     false or misleading statements in violation of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the U.S. Securities
     Act. In February 2024, the case was transferred to U.S. District Court for the Southern District of
     New York, under the case caption Pacella v. Hesai Group, et al., (Case No. 1:24-cv-00876). On
     November 3, 2025, the Court appointed lead plaintiff. On November 13, 2025, lead plaintiff filed an
     amended complaint. On December 29, 2025, the Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended
     complaint, and briefing on the motion to dismiss was completed on January 27, 2026. On February
     18, 2026, the Court denied in part and granted in part the motion to dismiss. As the case is still in
     its preliminary stage, we cannot predict its timing, outcome, potential damages, or expenses that
     may be incurred.

     DoD litigation

     On January 31, 2024, we were placed on the list of Entities Identified as Chinese Military Companies
     Operating in the United States under Section 1260H of the William M. Thornberry National Defense
     Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 by the United States Department of Defense. On May 13,
     2024, we filed a complaint to challenge the listing, alleging that DoD exceeded its authority under
     Section 1260H, acted arbitrarily and capriciously under the Administrative Procedure Act, and
     violated the U.S. Constitution in both adding and failing to remove us from the Section 1260H List.
     After filing the lawsuit, we received DoD’s decision memorandum, which we believe fails to justify
     the accusation that we are associated with the Chinese military. In light of the ongoing harms
     caused by the listing, we asked the DoD to agree to an expedited summary judgment briefing
     schedule, and on July 3, 2024, we filed a motion for summary judgment. On October 15, 2024, DoD
     removed us from the Section 1260H List, but on the same day, added us back to the Section 1260H
     List based on a new rationale. We believe that the decision memorandum for the second listing still
     fails to justify the accusation that we are associated with the Chinese military. We filed an amended
     complaint challenging the second listing on the ground that it violates the Administrative Procedure
     Act and the U.S. Constitution on November 15, 2024, and a motion for summary judgment on
     December 9, 2024. On March 20, 2025, the court held a hearing on our summary judgment motion
     in Washington, D.C. On July 11, 2025, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia issued a
     decision upholding the DoD’s designation of us as a “Chinese Military Company.” We believe that
     the DoD’s designation lacks both factual and legal bases. On July 13, 2025, we filed Notice of
     Appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals, challenging the District Court’s decision. On March 19, 2026,
     the U.S. Court of Appeals held an oral argument in our appeal in Washington, D.C. As of the date of
     this annual report, we remain on the Section 1260H List and we are unable to predict the outcome
     of the appeal.
                                                                                      HESAI GROUP       37




Report of the Directors




Saved as disclosed above, the Company was not engaged in any other litigation or arbitration of
material importance during the year ended December 31, 2025, and the Directors are not aware of
any material litigations or claims that are pending or threatened against the Group since the Listing
Date and up to the date of this annual report.

DONATIONS

During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group made charitable donations of approximately
HKD 3 million.

DEBENTURE ISSUED

No debentures were issued by the Group during the year ended December 31, 2025.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Saved as disclosed in the subsection headed “The 2021 Share Incentive Plan” in this annual report,
no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company or subsisted during the year ended
December 31, 2025.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

Each of our executive Directors has entered into a director agreement with the Company on
September 4, 2025. The term of appointment shall be for an initial term of three years from the
Prospectus Date or until the third annual general meeting of the Company after the Prospectus
Date, whichever is sooner (subject to re-election as and when required under the Articles of
Association). Either party may terminate the agreement by giving not less than 3 months’ written
notice.

Each of our independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with
our Company. Each of Ms. ZHANG Yi and Mr. REN Jia has entered into an appointment letter on
September 4, 2025, the term of appointment shall be for an initial term of three years from the
Prospectus Date or until the third annual general meeting of our Company after the Prospectus
Date, whichever is sooner (subject to re-election as and when required under the Articles of
Association). Dr. WANG Hui has entered into an appointment letter with the Company for an initial
term of 3 years or until the third annual general meeting of the Company after the Company’s
listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, whichever is sooner (subject to re-election as and
when required under Listing Rules and the Articles of Association). Either party may terminate the
agreement by giving not less than 30 days’ written notice.

There was no service contract entered into/appointment letter signed by the Company and any
Directors to be re-elected in the forthcoming annual general meeting which is not determinable
by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
compensation.
38     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors




     PERMITTED INDEMNITY

     Pursuant to the Articles of Association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every
     Director shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company from and against all actions,
     proceedings, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses that they or any of them shall or may
     incur or sustain, other than by reason of such director’s own dishonest, willful default or fraud, in
     or about the execution of their duty in their respective offices or trusts.

     Such permitted indemnity provision has been in force for the year ended December 31, 2025. The
     Company has taken out liability insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

     On September 16, 2025 Hesai successfully listed its Class B Ordinary Shares on the Main Board of
     the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Company issued a total of 19,550,000 Class B Ordinary Shares
     in the Global Offering.

     On September 19, 2025, 2,932,500 Class B Ordinary Shares were issued pursuant to full exercise of
     the over-allotment option as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated September 16,
     2025.

     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
     securities listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Nasdaq or sold any treasury shares (as
     defined under the Listing Rules) during the Reporting Period. As at December 31, 2025, the
     Company did not hold any treasury shares (as defined under the Listing Rules).

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

     No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of
     the business of the Company was entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

     CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, no contract of significance or contract of significance for
     the provision of services has been entered into among the Company or any of its subsidiaries and
     the Controlling Shareholders or any of their subsidiaries during the year ended December 31, 2025.
                                                                                    HESAI GROUP       39




Report of the Directors




BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, the Board comprises seven
Directors, including four executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors.

During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, there are five members of
senior management of the Company.

Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Group are set out in the section
headed “Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company considers each of the independent non-
executive Directors is independent.

DIRECTORS

The following is the list of Directors during the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the date
of this annual report:

Executive Directors

Dr. LI Yifan
Dr. SUN Kai
Mr. XIANG Shaoqing
Ms. YANG Cailian

Independent Non-Executive Directors

Ms. ZHANG Yi
Dr. CHEN Jie (resignation effective from December 24, 2025)
Mr. REN Jia
Dr. WANG Hui (appointment effective from December 24, 2025)

EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

Our Directors and senior management receive remuneration, including basic salaries, housing
fund, allowances and benefits in kind, employer’s contributions to a retirement benefit scheme,
discretionary bonuses and share-based compensation expenses.

The remuneration is determined and recommended based on each Director’s and senior
management personnel’s qualification, position and seniority, having regard to the Group’s
operating results, individual performance of the Directors and senior management and comparable
market practices. As for the independent non-executive Directors, their remuneration is determined
by the Board upon recommendation from the Compensation Committee to ensure that they are
adequately compensated for their efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s affairs.

The Company currently has adopted the 2021 Share Incentive Plan. For details of such share
incentive plan and the outstanding options and RSUs granted to our Directors, see the subsection
headed “The 2021 Share Incentive Plan” in this annual report.
40     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors




     During the Reporting Period, no remuneration was paid to the Directors and the five highest paid
     individuals of the Group as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group. No compensation was
     paid to or receivable by any Director or any of the five highest paid individuals during the Reporting
     Period for the loss of any office in connection with the management of the affairs of any member
     of the Group.

     Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals of the Group during the
     Reporting Period are set out in Notes 30 and 31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration
     and there were no emoluments paid by the Group to any of the Directors as an inducement to join,
     or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for the loss of office.

     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company
     or any of its subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its holdings companies a party to any arrangement
     to enable any Director to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debenture
     of the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or any of their spouse
     or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the
     Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.
                                                                                       HESAI GROUP       41




Report of the Directors




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the year ended December 31, 2025, none of the Directors had interests in any business apart
from the Group’s business, which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with
the business of the Group pursuant to the Listing Rules.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors or any entity connected with the
Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or
contract of significance to which the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or
fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting during or at the end of the year ended December 31,
2025.

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES

In respect of the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company does not have any disclosure
obligations under Rules 13.17 to 13.22 of the Listing Rules.
42         2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors




     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
     AND UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS
     ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
     As of December 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executives
     of the Company (other than Dr. Yifan Li, Dr. Kai Sun, and Mr. Shaoqing Xiang, whose interests in
     the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company have been disclosed in the subsection headed
     “Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares of the
     Company” below) in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required (a) to be notified to
     the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
     SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such
     provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
     pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                        percentage
                                                                                       Number of      of interest in
                                                             Nature of               Shares Held      each class of
     Name of Director           Class of Shares              Interest               or Interested      Shares(1) (%)

     Cailian Yang(2)            Class B Ordinary Shares      Beneficial owner          407,706(L)             0.31%
     Jia Ren(3)                 Class B Ordinary Shares      Beneficial owner             7,116(L)            0.01%
     Yi Zhang(4)                Class B Ordinary Shares      Beneficial owner           22,432(L)             0.02%

     Notes:

     (1)     The calculation is based on the total number of 26,998,861 Class A Ordinary Shares and 130,143,350 Class
             B Ordinary Shares in issue as of December 31, 2025. The letter “L” stands for long position and the letter
             “S” stands for short position.

     (2)     Represents (i) Ms. Cailian Yang’s entitlement to receive up to 281,074 Class B Ordinary Shares pursuant
             to the exercise of options granted to her under the 2021 Plan, subject to the conditions (including but
             not limited to vesting conditions) of those options; (ii) 122,632 Class B Ordinary Shares in the form of
             ADSs beneficially owned by Ms. Cailian Yang; and (iii) the 4,000 RSUs granted to Ms. Cailian Yang on
             November 12, 2025 pursuant to the 2021 Plan which shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule
             and conditions as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated November 12, 2025.

     (3)     Represents the 7,116 RSUs granted to Mr. Jia Ren on November 12, 2025 pursuant to the 2021 Plan which
             shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule and conditions as disclosed in the announcement of the
             Company dated November 12, 2025.

     (4)     Represents (i)10,527 Class B Ordinary Shares in the form of ADSs beneficially owned by Ms. Yi Zhang, and
             (ii) and the 11,905 RSUs granted to Ms. Zhang Yi on February 7, 2025 pursuant to the 2021 Plan which
             shall vest in accordance with the vesting schedule and conditions in the award agreement.

     Save as disclosed above and in the subsection headed “Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and
     Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company” below, as far as the Directors are
     aware and as of December 31, 2025, none of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company
     had any interest and/or short position (as applicable) in the Shares or underlying Shares of the
     Company or any of its associated corporations or any interests in the debentures of the Company
     or any of its associated corporations as recorded in the register required to be kept under section
     352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
     Model Code.
                                                                                           HESAI GROUP      43




Report of the Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As of December 31, 2025, the following persons (other than the Directors and chief executives
whose interests have been disclosed in this annual report), had an interest or short position in the
Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions
2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                             percentage
                                                                              Number of    of interest in
Name of substantial      Nature of                                          Shares Held    each class of
shareholder              Interest              Class of Shares             or Interested    Shares(1) (%)

ALBJ Limited(2)          Beneficial owner       Class A Ordinary Shares    8,879,636 (L)         32.89%
Asian LBJ Limited(2)     Interest in controlled Class A Ordinary Shares    8,879,636 (L)         32.89%
                           corporations
Dr. Yifan Li(2)(5)       Interest in controlled Class A Ordinary Shares    8,879,636 (L)         32.89%
                           corporations
Fermat Star Limited(3)   Beneficial owner       Class A Ordinary Shares    9,228,622 (L)         34.18%
Rock Ocean Limited(3)    Interest in controlled Class A Ordinary Shares    9,228,622 (L)         34.18%
                           corporations
Dr. Kai Sun(3)(5)        Interest in controlled Class A Ordinary Shares    9,228,622 (L)         32.93%
                           corporations
Galbadia Limited(4)      Beneficial owner       Class A Ordinary Shares   8,890,603 (L)          32.93%
                         Beneficial owner       Class B Ordinary Shares      165,031 (L)          0.13%
Balamb Limited(4)        Interest in controlled Class A Ordinary Shares   8,890,603 (L)          32.93%
                           corporations
                         Interest in controlled Class B Ordinary Shares      165,031 (L)           0.13%
                           corporations
Shaoqing Xiang(4)(5)     Interest in controlled Class A Ordinary Shares   8,890,603 (L)          32.93%
                           corporations
                         Interest in            Class B Ordinary Shares      165,031 (L)           0.13%
                           corporation
                           controlled
FMR LLC(6)               Interest in controlled Class B Ordinary Shares    7,282,708 (L)      5.60% (L)
                           corporations                                        4,701 (S)      0.00% (S)
Deutsche Bank            Depositary             Class B Ordinary Shares   83,408,801 (L)     64.09% (L)
  Aktiengesellschaft                                                      83,408,801 (S)     64.09% (S)
  (Incorporated in the Investment Manager Class B Ordinary Shares          1,419,870 (L)         1.09%
  Federal Republic of
  Germany & members’
  liability is limited)
44         2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors



     Notes:


     (1)     The calculation is based on the total number of 26,998,861 Class A Ordinary Shares and 130,143,350 Class
             B Ordinary Shares in issue as of December 31, 2025. The letter “L” stands for long position and the letter
             “S” stands for short position.


     (2)     ALBJ Limited is a company limited by shares incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. It is wholly owned
             by Asian LBJ Limited, which is wholly owned by Dr. Yifan Li. Accordingly, under the SFO, (i) Asian LBJ
             Limited is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by ALBJ Limited; and (ii) Dr. Yifan Li is deemed to be
             interested in the Shares in which Asian LBJ Limited is interested.


     (3)     Fermat Star Limited is a company limited by shares incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. It is wholly
             owned by Rock Ocean Limited, which is wholly owned by Dr. Kai Sun. Accordingly, under the SFO, (i) Rock
             Ocean Limited is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Fermat Star Limited; and (ii) Dr. Kai Sun is
             deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Rock Ocean Limited is interested.


     (4)     Galbadia Limited is a company limited by shares incorporated in the British Virgin Islands. It is wholly
             owned by Balamb Limited, which is wholly owned by Mr. Shaoqing Xiang. The interests held comprise (i)
             8,890,603 Class A Ordinary Shares held by Galbadia Limited, and (ii) 165,031 Class B Ordinary Shares in
             the form of ADSs controlled by Mr. Shaoqing Xiang through Galbadia Limited. Accordingly, under the SFO,
             (i) Balamb Limited is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Galbadia Limited; and (ii) Mr. Shaoqing
             Xiang is deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Balamb Limited is interested.


     (5)     Since co-founding the Company in 2014, Dr. Yifan Li, Dr. Kai Sun and Mr. Shaoqing Xiang have been acting
             in concert with respect to the operation and material decisions of the Company. They entered into a deed
             of concert party arrangement dated April 24, 2025 (the “Concert Party Deed”), whereby they have,
             among other things, acknowledged their historical relationship of acting in concert and confirmed and
             agreed that they shall act in concert to cooperate to consolidate control of the Company.


     (6)     Based on a corporate substantial shareholder notice filed by FMR LLC on January 6, 2026 (with the date
             of the relevant event being December 31, 2025), FMR LLC was interested in a total of 7,282,708 shares
             (L) and 4,701 shares (S) of the Company in accordance with the provisions of Part XV of the SFO. Of these
             of 7,282,708 shares (L), Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC, Fidelity Management & Research
             (Hong Kong) Limited, Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company, FIAM LLC, Strategic
             Advisers LLC and Fidelity Diversifying Solutions were interested in 1,450,711 shares, 3,947,235 shares,
             377,626 shares, 1,399,946 shares and 3,717 shares, respectively. FMR LLC was deemed interested in
             the short positions in 664 shares (S) and 4,037 shares (S) of the Company through FIAM LLC and Fidelity
             Diversifying Solutions LLC, respectively. All of these entities are either controlled or indirectly controlled
             subsidiaries of FMR LLC.

     Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2025, the Directors were not aware of any person
     (who were not Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position
     in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed under Divisions
     2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be required to be recorded in the registry required
     to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
                                                                                       HESAI GROUP       45




Report of the Directors




THE 2021 SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN

The Company adopted the 2021 Plan in June 2021, which was further amended on September 3,
2025, (with such amendments to taking effect upon the Listing). The terms of the 2021 Plan (as
amended and restated) will be governed by Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules (but for the avoidance
of doubt, Awards granted pursuant to the 2021 Plan prior to the Listing Date will not be subject to
the provisions of the Listing Rules).

The following is a summary of the principal terms of the 2021 Plan of the Company (as amended
and restated from the Listing Date).

(a) Purpose

      The purpose of the 2021 Plan is to promote the success and enhance the value of the Group
      by linking the personal interests of the directors, employees, and consultants to those of the
      Company’s Shareholders and by providing such individuals with an incentive for outstanding
      performance to generate superior returns to the Company’s Shareholders.

(b) Eligible Participants

      Those eligible to participate in the 2021 Plan include employees, consultants and directors of
      the Company or a subsidiary of the Company, as determined by the Committee (as defined
      below) (the “Participants”). Consultants refer to persons providing services to the Group on
      a continuing or recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business which are in the
      interests of the long term growth of the Group as determined by the Committee.

(c)   Awards

      The Committee may, from time to time, select from among all Participants to whom awards in
      the form of share options (“Options”), restricted Shares (“Restricted Shares”), restricted share
      units (“Restricted Share Units” or “RSUs”) or any other type of awards, in the form of cash or
      otherwise (collectively, “Awards”), will be granted and will determine the nature and amount
      of each Award.

      The Committee is authorized to grant Awards in the form of Options, Restricted Shares or
      Restricted Share Units to Participants in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Plan. Awards
      granted will be evidenced by a written agreement, contract, or other instrument or document,
      including through electronic medium (the “Award Agreement”), setting forth the terms,
      conditions and limitations for each Award which may include the term of an Award, the
      provisions applicable in the event the Participant’s employment or service terminates, and the
      Company’s authority to unilaterally or bilaterally amend, modify, suspend, cancel or rescind an
      Award.
46     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors




     (d) Maximum number of Shares

           The maximum aggregate number of Class B Ordinary Shares which may be issued and/or
           transferred in respect of all Awards that may be granted pursuant to the 2021 Plan and any
           other share incentive schemes of the Company in aggregate is 15,010,089 Class B Ordinary
           Shares (the “Plan Limit”), representing less than 10% of the total number of Shares in issue
           (excluding treasury shares) as at the Listing Date or the relevant date of approval of the
           refreshment of the Plan Limit.

           Awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Plan and Awards that were previously
           granted under the 2021 Plan prior to the Listing Date will not be counted for the purpose of
           the Plan Limit.

           The total number of options or awards available for grant under the Plan Limit for the 2021
           Plan as of the Listing Date (being the date of amendments of the 2021 Plan) and December
           31, 2025 are 15,010,089 and 14,709,507, respectively.

           As at March 31, 2026, 23,569,173 Class B Ordinary Shares are available for issue and/or
           transfer upon vesting or exercise of all options and awards granted and may be granted under
           the 2021 Plan, representing 15.0% of the total number of Class B Ordinary Shares in issue as
           at the date of this annual report, and approximately 18.1% of the total number of all Shares
           (including Class A Ordinary Shares and Class B Ordinary Shares and excluding any treasury
           shares) in issue as at the date of this annual report.

           The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the all options and award granted
           under the 2021 Plan during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of
           Shares (excluding treasury shares) in issue for the Reporting Period is 1.37%.

     (e) Consultants Sublimit

           The total number of Class B Ordinary Shares which may be issued and/or transferred in
           respect of all Awards that may be granted pursuant to this Plan and any other share incentive
           schemes of the Company to consultants (the “Consultants Sublimit”) is 750,504, representing
           less than 0.5% of the total number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the
           Listing Date or the relevant date of approval of the refreshment of the Consultants Sublimit.
           The Consultants Sublimit shall in any event be within the Plan Limit. For the avoidance of
           doubt, Awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Plan and Awards that were
           previously granted under the 2021 Plan prior to the Listing Date will not be counted for the
           purpose of the Consultants Sublimit.

           The total number of options or awards available for grant under the Consultants Sublimit for
           the 2021 Plan as of the Listing Date (being the date of amendments of the 2021 Plan) and
           December 31, 2025 are 750,504 and 750,504, respectively.

     (f)   Maximum entitlement of a grantee

           Individual Limit

           Unless approved by the Shareholders in general meeting in accordance with the Listing Rules,
           any grant of Awards to a Participant that would result in the Shares issued and to be issued
           and/or transferred in respect of all Awards granted to such Participant (excluding any Awards
           lapsed in accordance with the provisions of the 2021 Plan) in any 12-month period shall not
           exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares).
                                                                                      HESAI GROUP      47




Report of the Directors




   0.1% Limit

    Where any grant of Awards (excluding grant of Options) to a Director (other than an
    Independent Non-executive Director) or chief executive of the Company, or any of their
    associates would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all Awards granted
    (excluding any Awards lapsed in accordance with the 2021 Plan) to such person in the
    12-month period up to and including the date of such grant, representing in aggregate over
    0.1% of the total number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares), such further grant of
    awards must be approved by shareholders in general meeting in the manner set out in Rule
    17.04(4) of the Listing Rules. The Company must send a circular to the shareholders setting
    out matters required under Rule 17.04(5) of the Listing Rules.

    Where any grant of Awards to an independent non-executive Director or a substantial
    shareholder of the Company, or any of their respective associates, would result in the Shares
    issued and to be issued in respect of all Awards granted (excluding any Awards lapsed in
    accordance with the 2021 Plan) to such person in the 12-month period up to and including the
    date of such grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the total number of Shares in issue,
    such further grant of Awards must be approved by shareholders in general meeting in the
    manner set out in Rule 17.04(4) of the Listing Rules. The Company must send a circular to the
    shareholders setting out matters required under Rule 17.04(5) of the Listing Rules.

(g) Term of the 2021 Plan

    The 2021 Plan commenced on June 28, 2021 (“2021 Plan Effective Date”) and shall continue
    in effect until the tenth anniversary of the 2021 Plan Effective Date unless sooner terminated
    under the terms of the 2021 Plan.

    For the avoidance of doubt, any Awards that are outstanding on the tenth anniversary of the
    2021 Plan Effective Date shall remain in force according to the terms of the 2021 Plan and the
    applicable Award Agreement.

(h) Administration

    The 2021 Plan shall be administered by the Board or a committee of one or more members of
    the Board and/or one or more executive officers of the Company (the “Committee”) to whom
    the Board shall delegate the authority to grant or amend Awards to Participants other than
    any of the Committee members, independent directors and executive officers of the Company.

    Subject to any specific designation in the 2021 Plan, the Committee has the exclusive power,
    authority and discretion to:

    (i)    designate Participants to receive Awards;

    (ii)   determine the type or types of Awards to be granted to each Participant;

    (iii) determine the number of Awards to be granted and the number of Shares to which an
          Award will relate;

    (iv) determine the terms and conditions of any Award granted pursuant to the 2021 Plan,
         including, but not limited to, the exercise price, grant price, or purchase price, any
         restrictions or limitations on the Award, any schedule for lapse of forfeiture restrictions
         or restrictions on the exercisability of an Award, and accelerations or waivers thereof,
         and any provisions related to non-competition and recapture of gain on an Award, based
         in each case on such considerations as the Committee in its sole discretion determines;
48         2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors




             (v)   determine whether, to what extent, and pursuant to what circumstances an Award may
                   be settled in, or the exercise price of an Award may be paid in, cash, Shares, other
                   Awards, or other property, or an Award may be canceled, forfeited, or surrendered;

             (vi) prescribe the form of each Award Agreement, which need not be identical for each
                  Participant;

             (vii) decide all other matters that must be determined in connection with an Award;

             (viii) establish, adopt, or revise any rules and regulations as it may deem necessary or
                    advisable to administer the Plan;

             (ix) interpret the terms of, and any matter arising pursuant to, the Plan or any Award
                  Agreement;

             (x)   amend the terms and conditions of Award Agreements; and

             (xi) make all other decisions and determinations that may be required pursuant to the 2021
                  Plan or as the Committee deems necessary or advisable to administer the 2021 Plan,
                  including design and adopt from time to time new types of Awards that are in compliance
                  with applicable laws.

     (i)     Performance objectives

             The Committee, in its discretion, shall set performance objectives or other vesting criteria
             which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number or value of
             the Awards that will be granted or paid out to the Participants.

     (j)     Options

             (i)   Exercise price

                   The exercise price per Share subject to an Option shall be determined by the Committee
                   and set forth in the Award Agreement which may be a fixed price, or a variable price
                   related to the fair market value of the Shares; provided that the exercise price per Share
                   subject to an Option shall be at least the higher of the following: (i) where the Options
                   granted are exercisable into ADSs and the exercise price is determined in U.S. dollars,
                   (a) the closing price of the Company’s ADSs on Nasdaq on the date of grant, which must
                   be Nasdaq business day; and (b) the average closing price of the Company’s ADSs on
                   Nasdaq for the five Nasdaq trading days immediately preceding the date of grant; or
                   (ii) where the Options granted are exercisable into the Shares and the exercise price
                   is determined in Hong Kong dollars, (a) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the
                   Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the grant date which should be a business
                   day of the Stock Exchange, or (b) the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the
                   Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five business days immediately preceding
                   the grant date. Subject to the provisions of the 2021 Plan, the exercise price per Share
                   subject to an Option may be amended or adjusted in the absolute discretion of the
                   Committee, the determination of which shall be final, binding and conclusive.
                                                                                   HESAI GROUP       49




Report of the Directors




   (ii) Vesting period, time and conditions of exercise

       The Committee shall determine the time or times at which an Option may be exercised in
       whole or in part, including exercise prior to vesting; provided that (i) the vesting period
       of any Option shall not be less than 12 months and (ii) the exercise term of any Option
       granted under the 2021 Plan shall not exceed the seventh (7th) anniversary of the date
       on which the vesting of the Option commences, except as otherwise determined by the
       Committee. The Committee shall also determine any conditions, if any, that must be
       satisfied before all or part of an Option may be exercised.

   (iii) Lapsed Options

       Except as otherwise determined by the Committee at the time of the grant of the Award
       or thereafter, on the 90th day following the termination of employment or service,
       Options that are at that time unexercised shall automatically lapse in accordance with the
       Award Agreement.

   (iv) Payment

       The Committee shall determine the methods by which the exercise price of an Option
       may be paid, the form of payment, including, without limitation (i) cash or check
       denominated in U.S. Dollars, (ii) to the extent permissible under the applicable laws,
       cash or check in Renminbi, (iii) cash or check denominated in any other local currency
       as approved by the Committee, (iv) Shares held for such period of time as may be
       required by the Committee in order to avoid adverse financial accounting consequences
       and having a fair market value on the date of delivery equal to the aggregate exercise
       price of the Option or exercised portion thereof, (v) after the closing of the first sale
       to the general public of the Shares pursuant to a registration statement filed with and
       declared effective by the U.S. SEC under the U.S. Securities Act, the delivery of a notice
       that the Participant has placed a market sell order with a broker with respect to Shares
       then issuable upon exercise of the Option, and that the broker has been directed to pay
       a sufficient portion of the net proceeds of the sale to the Company in satisfaction of
       the Option exercise price; provided that payment of such proceeds is then made to the
       Company upon settlement of such sale, (vi) other property acceptable to the Committee
       with a fair market value equal to the exercise price, or (vii) any combination of the
       foregoing.

       Notwithstanding any other provision of the 2021 Plan to the contrary, no Participant who
       is a member of the Board or an “executive officer” of the Company within the meaning of
       Section 13(k) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “U.S. Exchange Act”) shall
       be permitted to pay the exercise price of an Option in any method which would violate
       Section 13(k) of the U.S. Exchange Act.
50         2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors




     (k) Restricted Shares

             (i)   Issuance and restrictions

                   Restricted Shares shall be subject to such restrictions on transferability and other
                   restrictions as the Committee may impose (including, without limitation, limitations on the
                   right to vote Restricted Shares or the right to receive dividends on the Restricted Shares).
                   These restrictions may lapse separately or in combination at such times, pursuant to such
                   circumstances, in such instalments, or otherwise, as the Committee determines at the
                   time of the grant of the Award or thereafter.

             (ii) Removal of restrictions

                   Except as otherwise provided in the 2021 Plan, Restricted Shares granted under the 2021
                   Plan shall be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day of the period
                   of restriction. The Committee, in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which any
                   restrictions shall lapse or be removed. After the restrictions have lapsed, the Participant
                   shall be entitled to have any legend or legends removed from his or her Share certificate,
                   and the Shares shall be freely transferable by the Participant, subject to applicable legal
                   restrictions. The Committee (in its discretion) may establish procedures regarding the
                   release of Shares from escrow and the removal of legends, as necessary or appropriate
                   to minimize administrative burdens on the Company.

     (l)     Restricted Share Units

             (i)   Vesting period, form and timing of payment of Restricted Share Units

                   At the time of grant, the Committee shall specify the date or dates on which the
                   Restricted Share Units shall become fully vested and nonforfeitable. Subject to the Listing
                   Rules and unless otherwise decided by the Committee, in principle, the vesting period
                   shall not be less than 12 months. Upon vesting, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may
                   pay Restricted Share Units in the form of cash, Shares or a combination thereof.
                                                                                                                                       HESAI GROUP            51




Report of the Directors




Outstanding Options and Restricted Share Units Granted

Movement in Share Options during the Reporting Period

Details of the movements of the Share Options under the 2021 Plan during the Reporting Period are
as follows:

                                                                                  Exercise
                                                                                  price per
                                                                                    Class B
                                                                                  Ordinary                                          Cancelled/
                                                                                     Share Outstanding  Granted        Exercised        lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                underlying Options as during the      during the    during the        as of
Category and Date of                                            Expiry         the Options of January Reporting       Reporting     Reporting December
name of grantee Grant                  Vesting period(1)        Date                  (US$)    1, 2025    Period        Period(1)       Period    31, 2025


Directors and Chief Executive
Cailian Yang        July 3, 2021       July 3, 2021             July 3, 2028       US$2.10     303,342           0      122,300             0      181,042
                    November 22,       August 31, 2022 –        November 22,       US$3.30      37,766           0            0             0       37,766
                      2021               August 31, 2025          2028
                    June 5, 2023       May 1, 2025 –            June 5, 2030       US$1.63      27,273           0             0            0       27,273
                                         May 1, 2027
                    June 5, 2023       June 1, 2023 –           June 5, 2030       US$1.63       2,993           0             0            0        2,993
                                         May 1, 2027
                    November 18,       January 31, 2026 –       November 18,          0.90      32,000           0             0            0       32,000
                      2024               January 31, 2029         2031

Subtotal        –                  –                        –                            –    403,374            0      122,300             0     281,074

Five Highest Paid Individuals
Five Highest Paid July 3, 2021-    July 3, 2021-    July 3, 2028-  US$0.1-3.8                  592,464           0        88,814            0      503,650
  Individuals         November 18, January 31, 2029   November 18,
  (in aggregate)      2024                            2031

Employees and other grantees
Employees         July 3, 2021-        July 3, 2021-            March 20,      US$0.01-5.15   8,921,671   1,572,958   2,133,292       582,202    7,779,135
                    August 29,           August 29, 2029         2025 -
                    2025                                         August 29,
                                                                 2032

Total               –                  –                        –                        –    9,917,509   1,572,958   2,344,406       582,202    8,563,859
52         2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors



     Notes:

     (1)     In respect of the Options exercised during the Reporting Period, the weighted average closing price of the
             Class B Ordinary Shares immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised is US$20.87.

     (2)     The fair value of the Options are calculated in accordance with the accounting standard and policy
             adopted for preparing the financial statements of the Company, namely the U.S. GAAP. Please see Note
             22 to the audited consolidated financial statements for details on the fair value, accounting standard and
             policy adopted for the calculation of the fair value of the Options.

     (3)     The Options granted during the Reporting Period are not subject to any performance targets.

     Save for those set out in this movement table, there are no grants of options to (i) any other
     Directors, chief executive or substantial Shareholders of the Company or their respective associates;
     (ii) any participant with options and awards in excess of the 1% individual limit under Rule 17.03D
     of the Listing Rules; (iii) any related entity participant or service provider and, in each case, which
     are funded by new Shares of the Company or the Depositary Shares under the 2021 Plan.
                                                                                                                                   HESAI GROUP          53




Report of the Directors




Movement in RSUs during the Reporting Period
Details of the movements of awards under the 2021 Plan during the Reporting Period are as follows:
                                                                              Closing price
                                                       Number                    per Share                        Number of      Number
                                                       of RSUs   Number of immediately           Number of      RSUs lapsed/     of RSUs
                                                      unvested RSUs granted     before the      RSUs vested        cancelled    unvested    Purchase
                                                          as of  during the date on which         during the      during the        as of       price
Category and            Date of       Vesting        January 1,   Reporting the RSUs were         Reporting       Reporting    December      of RSUs
name of grantee         Grant(4)(5)   Period              2025       Period granted (US$)           Period(3)         Period    31, 2025     granted

Directors and Chief Executive
Cailian Yang             November 12, December            N/A          4,000      US$20.78(6)              0              0        4,000          Nil
                           2025        1, 2026 -
                                       December 1,
                                       2029
Zhang Yi                 March 10, February 7,           5,264             0       US$19.02            5,264              0            0          Nil
                           2023        2024 -
                                       February 7,
                                       2025
                         February 7, February 7,          N/A          11,905      US$16.81                0              0       11,905          Nil
                           2025        2026 –
                                       February 7,
                                       2027
Ren Jia                  November 12, November            N/A           7,116     US$20.78(6)              0              0         7,116         Nil
                           2025        12, 2026 -
                                       September
                                       7, 2028
Chen Jie(1)              March 10, February 7,           2,632             0       US$19.02            2,632              0            0          Nil
                           2023        2024 -
                                       February 7,
                                       2025
                         February 7, December 24,         N/A          5,953       US$16.81            2,976           2,977           0          Nil
                           2025        2025

Subtotal                –             –                  7,896        28,974               –          10,872           2,977      23,021          Nil

Five Highest Paid Individuals
Five Highest Paid         August 18, November          323,661        44,000       US$4.08-           93,514              0      274,147          Nil
  Individuals (in           2023 -    1, 2023 -                                       20.78
  aggregate)                November December 1,
                            12, 2025  2029

Employees and other grantees
Employees               May 30, 2023 February          218,790       265,366 US$3.64 – 26.83          54,164          55,547     374,445          Nil
                          - November 15, 2024
                          12, 2025     - March 1,
                                       2030

Total                   –             –               550,347        338,340               –        158,550          58,524      671,613          Nil
54         2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors



     Notes:

     (1)     Dr. Chen Jie resigned as a Director with effect from December 24, 2025.

     (2)     The fair value of awards are calculated in accordance with the accounting standard and policy adopted
             for preparing the financial statements of the Company, namely the U.S. GAAP. Please see Note 22 to the
             audited consolidated financial statements for details on the fair value, accounting standard and policy
             adopted for the calculation of the fair value of the RSUs.

     (3)     The weighted average closing price of the Class B Ordinary Shares or ADS immediately before the dates
             on which the RSUs were vested was US$20.44.

     (4)     The vesting of the RSUs granted on November 12, 2025 is not subject to any performance targets as
             detailed in the announcement of the Company dated November 12, 2025.

     (5)     The vesting of all the RSUs granted under the 2021 plan is not subject to any performance targets.

     (6)     The closing price of the Class B Ordinary Shares traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the date
             immediately before the grant of RSUs on November 12, 2025 was HK$187.9 per Share. The closing price
             of the ADSs traded on NASDAQ on the date immediately before the grant of RSUs on November 12, 2025,
             was US$20.78 per ADS.

     Continuing Connected Transactions

     During the Reporting Period, there were no continuing connected transactions that were not fully
     exempted from shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements under the
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     As there were no continuing connected transactions during the Reporting Period, no confirmation
     shall be provided by the auditor of the Company and the independent non-executive Directors with
     respect thereof for the Reporting Period pursuant to Rules 14A.55 and 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.

     The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
     Listing Rules with respect to the connected transactions and the continuing connected transactions
     entered into by the Group during the Reporting Period.

     Related Party Transactions

     Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 are
     set out in Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained herein.

     Except as disclosed herein, none of the related party transactions constitutes a connected
     transaction or continuing connected transaction subject to independent shareholders’ approval,
     annual review and all disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
                                                                                    HESAI GROUP       55




Report of the Directors




Review of Financial Statements by the Audit Committee

The Company has established the Audit Committee in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules
and paragraph D.3 of Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee, among others, are to review and supervise the financial
reporting process and the risk management and internal control systems of the Company, review
and approve connected transactions and provide advice and comments to the Board.

The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Ms. Yi Zhang,
Dr. Hui Wang and Mr. Jia Ren. Ms. Yi Zhang serves as the chairperson of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the Consolidated Financial Statements and annual results of the
Group for the year ended December 31, 2025, and has met with the independent auditor of the
Company, Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters with
respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control and
financial reporting matters with senior management members of the Company and Messrs. Deloitte
Touche Tohmatsu.

Continuing Disclosure Obligations Pursuant to the Listing Rules

The Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of
the Listing Rules.

Auditor

On September 16, 2025, the Company successfully listed its Class B Ordinary Shares on the Main
Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and there has been no change in the Company’s auditor
since the Listing.

The accompanying financial statements of the Group prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have
been audited by Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu shall retire
at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and, being eligible, will offer itself for
reappointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as Auditor
will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

USE OF NET PROCEEDS

On September 16, 2025, the Class B Ordinary Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange. The net proceeds from the Global Offering amounted to approximately
HK$4,654.1 million, which will be applied for the following purposes:

•    approximately 50% of the net proceeds is expected to be allocated to investment in research
     and development;

•    approximately 35% of the net proceeds is expected to be allocated to investment in our
     manufacturing capabilities to enable continued delivery of products with high performance
     and reliability to meet customers’ evolving demands;
56       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Report of the Directors




     •       approximately 5% of the net proceeds is expected to be allocated to business development to
             accelerate our business expansion; and

     •       approximately 10% of the net proceeds is expected to be allocated for working capital and
             general corporate purposes to support our business operation and growth.

     For the Relevant Period, the Company had not utilized the net proceeds from the Global Offering.
     Regarding such net proceeds that had not been utilized, the Company intends to use them in the
     same manner, allocations and proportions as stated in the Prospectus. The completion time of
     utilizing the net proceeds will be determined based on the future business development of the
     Company. For details of the allocation of the use of proceeds, please refer to the section headed
     “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds – Use of Proceeds” of the Prospectus.

     As at December 31, 2025, there have been no changes to the intended use of proceeds as disclosed
     in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus. The following table
     sets forth a summary of the utilization of the net proceeds from the Global Offering as of December
     31, 2025:

                               Percentage                       Net amount        Remaining
                               of the total        Planned     utilized as of   balance as of
                              net proceeds    net proceeds     December 31,     December 31,    Expected timeline for
                                  from the       utilization            2025            2025    utilization of unutilized
     Item                       Listing (%)   (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)   net proceeds(Note)

     Investment in research           50%           2,327.1                –          2,327.1   Over the course of next 5
       and development                                                                           years
     Investment in our                 35%          1,628.9                –          1,628.9   Over the course of next 5
       manufacturing                                                                             years
       capabilities
     Business development               5%            232.7                –           232.7    Over the course of next 5
       to accelerate                                                                             years
       business expansion
     Working capital and               10%            465.4                –           465.4    Over the course of next 5
       general corporate                                                                         years
       purposes

     Total                           100%           4,654.1                –          4,654.1   –

     Note: The expected timeline for the utilization of unutilized proceeds represents the Group’s best estimates
           based on the anticipated market conditions, which may be subject to change in response to current and
           future market developments.
                                                                                       HESAI GROUP       57




Directors and Senior Management


DIRECTORS

Executive directors

Dr. Yifan Li (李一帆), aged 40, is an executive Director and our Co-Founder, and has been serving
as our Chief Executive Officer since our inception. Dr. Li has also been serving as the Chairman of
the Board since September 2025.

Dr. Li has served as the director of Sharpa Group, an AI robotics company co-founded by our
Co-Founders, since January 2026. Prior to co-founding Hesai, Dr. Li worked at Western Digital
Corporation (NASDAQ: WDC) in Silicon Valley from August 2013 to October 2014.

Dr. Li received his master’s degree in mechanical engineering and his Ph.D. degree in mechanical
engineering from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in August 2009 and August 2013,
respectively, with a research focus on robotics. Dr. Li also holds a bachelor’s degree in engineering,
majoring in measurement and control technology and instrumentation, from Tsinghua University*
(清華大學) in July 2009.

Dr. Li’s numerous accolades include being named as Fortune Magazine’s “40 Under 40 in China,”
MIT Technology Review’s “2020 Innovators Under 35 of China,” and a Young Global Leader of the
World Economic Forum for the Class of 2021.

Dr. Kai Sun (孫愷), aged 40, is an executive Director and our Co-Founder, and has been serving as
our Chief Scientist since our inception.

Prior to co-founding Hesai, Dr. Sun worked as a research associate at Stanford University in
2014. Dr. Sun’s research focus was primarily on building ultra-fast and high-sensitivity molecular
detection systems with lasers and novel detection technologies. These detection systems operate
in extreme conditions for the research of reaction kinetics. Dr. Sun is a first author in a number of
international journals, and several of his papers were selected to IOP Select (Institute of Physics
in the UK), Spotlight of OSA (Optical Society of America), and “100 Years of Combustion Kinetics
at Argonne.” In 2013, Dr. Sun won an Outstanding Paper Award for his publication in the academic
journal Measurement Science and Technology.

Dr. Sun has served as the director of Sharpa Group, an AI robotics company co-founded by our Co-
Founders, since January 2026.

Dr. Sun graduated from Stanford University, with a Ph.D. degree in mechanical engineering (with a
minor in electrical engineering) and a master’s degree in mechanical engineering in January 2014
and January 2010, respectively. Dr. Sun also obtained his bachelor’s degree in thermal energy and
power engineering from Shanghai Jiao Tong University* (上海交通大學) in July 2007.
58     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Directors and Senior Management




     Mr. Shaoqing Xiang (向少卿), aged 41, is an executive Director and our Co-Founder, and has been
     serving as our Chief Technology Officer since our inception.

     Prior to co-founding Hesai, Mr. Xiang worked at Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) as an iPhone hardware
     systems integration engineer from April 2011 to October 2014.

     Mr. Xiang has served as the director of Sharpa Group, an AI robotics company co-founded by our
     Co-Founders, since January 2026.

     Mr. Xiang received a fellowship award and obtained his dual master’s degrees in mechanical
     engineering and electrical engineering from Stanford University in January 2009 and March 2011,
     respectively. Mr. Xiang was a recipient of the prestigious Graduate Engineering Fellowship award
     to commence his postgraduate studies at Stanford University in September 2007. Previously, Mr.
     Xiang received his bachelor’s degree in engineering, majoring in micro-electromechanical systems,
     from Tsinghua University* (清華大學) in July 2007.

     Ms. Cailian Yang (楊彩蓮), aged 35, is an executive Director, our joint company secretary and has
     served as our vice president of operations since November 2017.

     Ms. Yang joined us in December 2014 as the first employee of Hesai. Prior to joining us, Ms. Yang
     worked at Citibank (China) Company Limited from October 2014 to December 2014, and Shanghai
     Pudong Development Bank* (上海浦東發展銀行股份有限公司) (SHA: 600000) from December 2012 to
     August 2014.

     Ms. Yang received her bachelor’s degree in business English from Yancheng Teachers University* (鹽
     城師範學院) in June 2012.

     Independent non-executive directors

     Ms. Bonnie Yi Zhang (張懌), aged 52, has served as our independent director since February 2023
     and has been re-designated as an independent non-executive Director since September 2025. She
     is the chairperson of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and
     Corporate Governance Committee of the Company.

     Ms. Zhang has been serving as an independent director of H World Group Limited (NASDAQ: HTHT;
     HKEX: 1179), a Chinese multi-brand hotel group, since August 2025, an independent non-executive
     director of Swire Pacific Limited (HKEX: 0019), a Hong Kong based international conglomerate with
     a diversified portfolio of market leading businesses, since June 2022, and an independent director
     of Yatsen Holding Limited (NYSE: YSG), a Chinese beauty company, since November 2020. She has
     also been serving as the chief financial officer of Sina Corporation (formerly NASDAQ: SINA, taken
     private in 2021), an online media company, since March 2015.

     Ms. Zhang served as an independent director of CreateAl Holdings Inc. (previously known as
     TuSimple Holdings Inc.) (NASDAQ: TSPH), a global artificial intelligence company, from September
     2020 to June 2022 and as an independent non-executive director of Dada Nexus Limited (NASDAQ:
     DADA), a local on-demand retail and delivery platform in China, from June 2020 to August 2022.
                                                                                    HESAI GROUP       59




Directors and Senior Management




From March 2014 to March 2015, Ms. Zhang served as the chief financial officer of Weibo
Corporation (NASDAQ: WB; HKEX: 9898), a social media platform in China and one of Sina
Corporation’s subsidiaries. Before joining Weibo, Ms. Zhang was the chief financial officer of
AdChina Ltd., a company operating an integrated internet advertising platform in China, from May
2011 to February 2014. Prior to that, Ms. Zhang was an audit partner of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
based in Shanghai from October 2007 to April 2011. Ms. Zhang also worked at the National Office
SEC Services group of Deloitte & Touche, LLP from 2005 to 2007, where she was responsible for
pre-issuance reviews of securities offering documents and periodic reports to be filed with the SEC
with a focus on foreign private issuers.

Ms. Zhang received a bachelor’s degree in business administration from McDaniel College (formerly
known as “Western Maryland College”) in May 1997. Ms. Zhang is a certified public accountant in
the State of Maryland and is a member of the American Institution of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr. Jia Ren (任佳), aged 62, has served as our independent non-executive Director since September
2025. He is a member of the Audit Committee and Nominating and the Corporate Governance
Committee of the Company.

Mr. Ren has been serving as an independent director of SVG Tech Group Co., Ltd.* (蘇州蘇大維格
科技集團股份有限公司) (SZSE: 300331), a micro-nano equipment and functional material devices
company based in China since October 2021, the chairman of the board of Hangzhou Xinqinghang
Technology Development Co., Ltd.* (杭州新清杭科技發展有限公司) since January 2021, a director of
Zhejiang Deyilong Technology Co., Ltd.* (浙江德毅隆科技股份有限公司) since April 2020, as well as
the chairman of the board and the general manager of Shanghai Xinwei Technology Development
Co., Ltd.* (上海新微科技發展有限公司) since July 2014.

Prior to his current positions, Mr. Ren was an independent director of Beijing InHand Networks
Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京映翰通網絡技術股份有限公司) (SSE: 688080), an Internet of things
solutions provider in China from December 2017 to December 2023, and an independent director
of Changhong Meiling Co., Ltd.* (長虹美菱股份有限公司) (SZSE: 000521), a home appliances
manufacturer in China from July 2014 to October 2020.

Mr. Ren received his bachelor’s degree in engineering physics and his master’s degree in metal
physics from Tsinghua University* (清華大學) in July 1987 and December 1989, respectively.

Dr. WANG Hui (王慧), aged 67, has served as our independent non-executive Director since
December 2025. She is a member of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Company.

Dr. Wang has served as an independent director of Beijing FJR Opto-electronic Technology Co.,
Ltd. (SSE: 688272) since September 2020. She has served as an independent director of Joyware
Electronics Co., Ltd. (SZSE: 300270) since February 2026. She also served as an independent
director of Arcsoft Corporation Limited (SSE: 688088) from January 2019 to December 2024. In
addition, she taught at the Peking University Law School from 1992 to 2018, most recently as an
associate professor.

Dr. WANG obtained her Ph.D. degree in international economics law and a master’s degree in
international law from Peking University Law School in June 1992 and July 1988, respectively. She
also obtained her bachelor of arts degree from Peking University in July 1984.
60     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Directors and Senior Management




     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Our senior management team comprises of Mr. Yifan Li, Dr. Kai Sun, Mr. Shaoqing Xiang, Ms. Cailian
     Yang and Mr. Peng Fan.

     For details of Mr. Yifan Li, Dr. Kai Sun, Mr. Shaoqing Xiang and Ms. Cailian Yang, please refer to
     “Directors – Executive Directors” above in this section.

     Mr. Peng Fan (樊鵬), aged 43, has been serving as our Chief Financial Officer since November
     2024.

     Mr. Fan has been serving as an independent non-executive director of Jiangsu Innovative Ecological
     New Materials Limited (HKEX: 2116) since March 2018.

     Prior to his position as our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Fan served as the chief financial officer of
     Seyond Holdings Ltd. (previously named: Innovusion Holdings Ltd) from May 2021 to September
     2024, vice president of Hailiang Education Group Inc. (NASDAQ: HLG) from August 2020 to April
     2021, and the chief strategy officer of Aesthetic Medical International Holdings Group Limited
     (NASDAQ: AIH) from August 2018 to August 2020. Prior to that, he served as the head of investor
     relations and capital markets of Dali Foods Group Company Limited (HKEX: 3799) from May 2016
     to October 2017, and was responsible for investor relations, corporate development, mergers and
     acquisitions. Before that, Mr. Fan was the vice president of the corporate finance division of the
     Hong Kong Branch of Deutsche Bank AG from December 2007 to May 2016.

     Mr. Fan graduated from Tsinghua University* (清華大學), with a bachelor’s degree in accounting and
     master’s degree in business administration in July 2004 and July 2006, respectively.

     DISCLOSURE OF CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION PURSUANT TO RULE
     13.51B(1) OF THE LISTING RULES

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, there is no change in information for any of the Directors
     which would require disclosure pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules during the year ended
     December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this annual report:

     On December 24, 2025, Dr. CHEN Jie (陳劼) resigned as an independent non-executive Director and
     a member of each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and
     Corporate Governance Committee.

     On December 24, 2025, Dr. WANG Hui (王慧) was appointed as an independent non-executive
     Director and a member of each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the
     Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

     In February 2026, Dr. Wang was appointed as an independent director of Joyware Electronics Co.,
     Ltd. (SZSE: 300270).

     For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated December 24, 2025.
                                                                                       HESAI GROUP       61




Corporate Governance Report


The Board is pleased to report to the Shareholders on the corporate governance of the Company
for the year ended December 31, 2025.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE

The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with high
ethical standards, reflecting a core belief that acting with probity, transparency, and accountability
is imperative to achieving long-term sustainable value. The Board and management are highly
committed to maintaining a strong corporate governance culture that ensures effective independent
judgment on corporate actions and operations. This culture is reinforced through the assessment
of integrity across the organization, including policies on code of business conduct and ethics,
whistleblowing, and anti-corruption compliance.

To embed these values, the Company operates a systematic training framework, strictly
implementing policies such as the Training Control Procedures and the Mentors Management
System. This approach ensures the standardized execution of all training initiatives, empowering
employees to master essential technical and governance skills. As of December 31, 2025, the
Company achieved 100% employee training coverage, encompassing mandatory courses on
compliance, risk management, and information security.

The Board regularly evaluates the effectiveness of this culture through internal control reviews and
performance management systems, ensuring that integrity and ethical behavior remain integrated
into the Group’s daily operations.
62     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Corporate Governance Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The Board is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards.

     The Board believes that high corporate governance standards are essential in providing a
     framework for the Company to safeguard the interests of Shareholders, enhance corporate value,
     formulate its business strategies and policies, and enhance its transparency and accountability.

     The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code*
     contained in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules the basis of the Company’s corporate governance
     practices.

     The Board is of the view that throughout the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2025,
     the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions as set out in the Corporate
     Governance Code, except for Code Provision C.2.1 as further explained in the section on “Chairman
     and Chief Executive Officer” below.

     *The amendments to the Corporate Governance Code effective on 1 July 2025 will apply to
     corporate governance reports and annual reports for financial years commencing on or after 1 July
     2025. For this annual report, the Company shall refer to the then effective Corporate Governance
     Code.
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       63




Corporate Governance Report




SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND RELEVANT EMPLOYEES

The Company has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ dealings in the Company’s
securities (the “Code”) on terms no less exacting than the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3
to the Listing Rules, as its own securities dealing code to regulate all dealings by Directors and
relevant employees of securities in the Company and other matters covered by the Model Code.

Having made specific enquiries, all the Directors and relevant employees have confirmed that they
have complied with the Code throughout the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2025.

No incident of non-compliance of the Code was noted by the Company.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Company is headed by an effective Board which assumes responsibility for its leadership
and control and be collectively responsible for promoting the Company’s success by directing and
supervising the Company’s affairs. Directors take decisions objectively in the best interests of the
Company.

The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to
the requirements of the Company’s business and regularly reviews the contribution required
from a Director to perform his responsibilities to the Company and whether the Director is
spending sufficient time performing them that are commensurate with their role and the Board
responsibilities. The Board includes a balanced composition of executive Directors and independent
non-executive Directors so that there is a strong independent element on the Board, which can
effectively exercise independent judgement.
64         2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Corporate Governance Report




     Board Composition

     As at the date of this report, the Board comprised seven (7) Directors, including four (4) executive
     Directors and three (3) independent non-executive Directors, as set out below:

     Executive Directors
     Dr. Yifan Li(1)
     Dr. Kai Sun
     Mr. Shaoqing Xiang
     Ms. Cailian Yang

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Ms. Yi Zhang(2)
     Dr. Jie Chen(3)
     Mr. Jia Ren
     Dr. Hui Wang(4)

     Notes:

     (1)     Dr. Yifan Li was appointed as the Chairman with effect from the Listing Date.

     (2)     Ms. Yi Zhang was our independent Director under applicable U.S. regulations and was re-designated as an
             independent non-executive Director with effect from the Listing Date.

     (3)     Dr. Jie Chen was our independent Director under applicable U.S. regulations and was re-designated as an
             independent non-executive Director with effect from the Listing Date. Dr. Jie Chen resigned with effect
             from December 24, 2025.

     (4)     Dr. Hui Wang was appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from December 24,
             2025.
                                                                                            HESAI GROUP      65




Corporate Governance Report




Each of our Directors confirms that he or she (i) has obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule
3.09D of the Listing Rules on April 23, 2025 and December 23, 2025 (as the case may be), and (ii)
understood his or her obligations as a Director of a listed issuer under the Listing Rules.

The biographical information of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior
Management” of this report. None of the members of the Board have any financial, business, family
or other material/relevant relationships with one another.

Board meetings and Directors’ Attendance Records

Regular Board meetings should be held at least four times a year involving active participation,
either in person or through electronic means of communication, of a majority of Directors.

The attendance record of each Director at the Board meetings, the Board Committee meeting(s)
and the general meeting(s) of the Company held during the period from the Listing Date and up to
the year ended December 31, 2025 is set out in the table below:

                                                    Attendance/Number of Meetings
                                                                            Nominating
                                                                          and Corporate
                                                     Audit Compensation     Governance           General
Name of Director                       Board     Committee     Committee     Committee          Meeting(1)

Executive Directors
Dr. Yifan Li                             2/2            N/A            N/A            N/A             N/A
Dr. Kai Sun                              2/2            N/A            N/A            N/A             N/A
Mr. Shaoqing Xiang                       2/2            N/A            N/A            N/A             N/A
Ms. Cailian Yang                         2/2            N/A            N/A            N/A             N/A
Independent Non-executive Directors
Ms. Yi Zhang                             2/2            2/2             1/1           N/A             N/A
Dr. Jie Chen(2)                          1/1            1/1             1/1           N/A             N/A
Mr. Jia Ren                              2/2            2/2            N/A            N/A             N/A
Dr. Hui Wang(3)                          1/1            1/1            0/0            N/A             N/A

Notes:

(1)   The Company did not hold any general meetings during the period from the Listing Date and up to the
      year ended December 31, 2025.

(2)   Dr. Jie Chen resigned as independent non-executive Director, member of Audit Committee, Compensation
      Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee with effect from December 24, 2025.

(3)   Dr. Hui Wang was appointed as independent non-executive Director, member of Audit Committee,
      Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee with effect from
      December 24, 2025.
66     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Corporate Governance Report




     Apart from regular Board meetings, the Chairman also has a meeting with the independent non-
     executive Directors without the presence of other Directors in March 2026.

     Since the Listing Date and up to the year ended December 31, 2025, no general meetings have
     been held and therefore no Directors attended the general meetings.

     Responsibilities, accountabilities and contributions of the board and management

     The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company; and is
     collectively responsible for directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

     The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to
     management by laying down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the
     Group’s operational and financial performance, and ensures that sound internal control and risk
     management systems are in place.

     All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of
     valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and
     effective functioning. The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high
     standard of regulatory reporting of the Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing
     effective independent judgement on corporate actions and operations.

     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon
     request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s
     expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.

     The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.

     The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and
     budgets, internal control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may
     involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant
     operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the
     Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the Company are
     delegated to the management.

     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in
     respect of any legal actions taken against Directors and senior management arising out of corporate
     activities.
                                                                                      HESAI GROUP       67




Corporate Governance Report




Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

The Chairman provides leadership and is responsible for the effective functioning and leadership of
the Board. The chief executive officer (the “CEO”) focuses on the Company’s business development
and daily management and operations generally.

Pursuant to Code Provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, companies listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange are expected to comply with, but may choose to deviate from the
requirement that the responsibilities between the chairperson and the chief executive officer should
be segregated and should not be performed by the same individual. We do not have a separate
chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”) and the CEO and Dr. Yifan Li (“Dr. Li”) currently performs
these two roles. The Board believes that, in view of Dr. Li’s experience, personal profile and his
roles in our Company, Dr. Li is the Director best suited to identify strategic opportunities and
focus on the Board due to his extensive understanding of our business as our CEO. The Board also
believes that the combined roles of both Chairman and CEO has the benefit of ensuring consistent
leadership within the Group and can promote the effective execution of strategic initiatives and
facilitate the flow of information between management and the Board. The Board will continue to
review and consider splitting the roles of Chairman and the CEO if and when it is appropriate taking
into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

Independent non-executive Directors

During the period from the Listing Date and up to the year ended December 31, 2025, the Board
at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least
three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with one of whom
possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management
expertise.

The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-
executive Directors in respect of his/her independence in accordance with the independence
guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent
non-executive Directors are independent.

Board Independence

The Group has mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board.
In particular, the following mechanisms are in place in order to ensure that there is a strong
independent element on the Board which is key to the Board’s effectiveness:

•    In assessing whether a potential candidate is qualified to become an independent non-
     executive Director of the Company, the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee and
     the Board will consider, among others, whether the candidate is able to devote sufficient time
     on performing his/her duties as an independent non-executive Director of the Company, and
     the background and qualification of the candidate, in order to assess whether such candidates
     are able to bring independent views to the Board.
68       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Corporate Governance Report




     •     In considering whether an independent non-executive Director should be proposed for re-
           election, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board will assess and
           evaluate the independent non-executive Director’s contribution to the Board during the term,
           in particular, whether the independent non-executive Director was able to bring independent
           views to the Board.

     •     All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, are entitled to seek further
           information and documentation from the management on the matters to be discussed at board
           meetings. They can also seek assistance from independent advice from external professional
           advisers at the Company’s expense.

     The Board considered the said mechanisms has been operating effectively and will review the
     implementation and effectiveness of the aforesaid mechanism on annual basis.

     Appointment and re-election of Directors

     The independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a specific term of three (3) years,
     subject to renewal after the expiry of the then current term.

     All the Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the annual general
     meetings. Under the Articles of Association, at every annual general meeting of the Company one-
     third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then
     the number nearest to, but not less than, one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided
     that every Director (including every independent non-executive Director and/or those appointed for
     a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring
     Director shall retain office until the close of the meeting at which he or she retires and shall be
     eligible for re-election thereat.

     Continuous professional development of directors

     Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform
     their responsibilities and to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and
     relevant.

     Every newly appointed Director has received a formal and comprehensive induction on the
     first occasion of his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and
     operations of the Company and full awareness of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under
     the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.

     Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and
     refresh their knowledge and skills.

     All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company’s expenses.
                                                                                                HESAI GROUP     69




Corporate Governance Report




During the period from the Listing Date and up to the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company
organized training sessions conducted by the legal advisers for all Directors. The training sessions
covered a wide range of relevant topics including Directors’ duties and responsibilities, corporate
governance and regulatory updates. In addition, relevant reading materials including compliance
manual，legal and regulatory updates and seminar handouts have been provided to the Directors
for their reference and studying.

The training records of the Directors during the period from the Listing Date and up to the year
ended December 31, 2025 are summarized as follows:

Directors                                                                              Type of Training(Note)

Executive Directors
Dr. Yifan Li                                                                                              A/B
Dr. Kai Sun                                                                                               A/B
Mr. Shaoqing Xiang                                                                                        A/B
Ms. Cailian Yang                                                                                          A/B
Independent Non-Executive Directors
Ms. Yi Zhang                                                                                              A/B
Dr. Jie Chen (resigned on December 24, 2025)                                                              A/B
Mr. Jia Ren                                                                                               A/B
Dr. Hui Wang (appointed on December 24, 2025)                                                             A/B

Notes:

Types of Training

A:   Attending training sessions, including but not limited to briefings, seminars, conferences and workshops

B:   Reading relevant news alerts, newspapers, journals, magazines and relevant publications

BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three (3) committees, namely, the Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, for overseeing particular
aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the Company are established with
specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and duties. The terms of
reference of the Board committees are posted on the Company’s website and the Stock Exchange’s
website and are available to Shareholders upon request.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee consists of three (3) independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Yi
Zhang, Mr. Jia Ren and Dr. Hui Wang. Ms. Yi Zhang is the chairlady of the Audit Committee.

The charter of the Audit Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the
Corporate Governance Code. The main duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board in
reviewing the financial information and reporting process, risk management and internal control
systems, effectiveness of the internal audit function, scope of audit and appointment of external
auditors, and arrangements to enable employees of the Company to raise concerns about possible
improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.
70       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Corporate Governance Report




     As the Company was only listed on September 16, 2025, during the period from the Listing Date
     and up to the year ended December 31, 2025, the Audit Committee held two (2) meetings to review
     to discuss and consider, among others, the following matters:

     •     reviewing and discussing the unaudited financial results for the third quarter of 2025 and the
           relevant quarterly result announcement;

     •     discussing with external auditors on their review on the Company’s consolidated quarterly
           financial information for the third quarter of 2025;

     •     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment
           of the external auditor; and discussing external auditor’s remuneration in respect of audit
           services and non-audit services; and

     •     reviewing and monitoring the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the
           effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards; and reviewing the
           experience and qualifications of the senior members of the independent auditor’s team.

     The Audit Committee also met the external auditors without the presence of the Executive
     Directors.

     Compensation Committee

     The Compensation Committee consists of two (2) independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms.
     Yi Zhang and Dr. Hui Wang. Ms. Yi Zhang is the chairlady of the Compensation Committee.

     The charter of the Compensation Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in
     the Corporate Governance Code. The primary functions of the Compensation Committee include
     determining/reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages
     of all Directors and senior management, the remuneration policy and structure for all Directors and
     senior management; establishing transparent procedures for developing such remuneration policy
     and structure to ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates will participate in deciding his/
     her own remuneration; and overseeing the general compensation and employee benefit plans and
     practices of the Company.

     During the period from the Listing Date and up to the year ended December 31, 2025, the
     Compensation Committee met once during the period to consider the relevant matters regarding
     the remuneration packages of the Directors and senior management and the grant of RSUs to
     eligible Participants. The Compensation Committee also made recommendations to the Board on the
     terms of the letter of appointment of the new independent non-executive Director appointed during
     the Reporting Period.

     Pursuant to the 2021 Plan, the vesting period for any RSU granted shall not be less than 12 months
     from the date of grant, unless otherwise decided by the Board, a committee of the Board and/
     or one or more authorized executive officers of the Company, subject to the Listing Rules. The
     vesting period for certain share awards granted during the year ended December 31, 2025 is less
     than 12 months as certain grants were delayed due to administrative reasons or have a mixed or
     accelerated vesting schedule and will be vested in eight equal portions over 48 months. For details
     of the grants, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated November 12, 2025.
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       71




Corporate Governance Report




The Compensation Committee considered that such arrangements (i) are appropriate for retaining,
incentivizing and rewarding those employees, as well as encouraging them to continuously
contribute to the operations, development and long-term success and growth of the Company, (ii)
are appropriate and commercially competitive and reasonable as the majority of the Awards are
subject to a longer vesting period, which will ensure that the long-term interest of the employees
and the Company are aligned, and (iii) align with the purpose of the 2021 Plan.

The remuneration of the senior management, whose biographical details are included in section
headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report, during the year falls within the
following bands:

Annual Remuneration                                                        Number of Individuals

Nil to HKD3,000,000                                                                                1
HKD3,000,000 to HKD4,000,000                                                                       3
HKD4,000,000 to HKD5,000,000                                                                       1

The Group has a guideline in employee’s handbook for the evaluation of performance and training
of its staff. In addition to a basic salary, year-end bonuses are offered to staff members with
outstanding performance. The remuneration policies and packages will be reviewed on a regular
basis and makes necessary adjustments commensurate with the remuneration level in the industry.

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of three (3) independent non-
executive Directors, namely Ms. Yi Zhang, Mr. Jia Ren and Dr. Hui Wang. Ms. Yi Zhang is the
chairlady of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.

The charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is of no less exacting terms
than those set out in the CG Code and is in compliance with Rule 8A.30 of the Listing Rules.

The principal duties of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee include reviewing
the Board composition, developing and formulating relevant procedures for the nomination
and appointment of Directors, making recommendations to the Board on the appointment and
succession planning of Directors, reviewing the Board Diversity Policy and the Director Nomination
Policy, assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors, ensure that the
Company is operated and managed for the benefit of all Shareholders and to ensure the Company’s
compliance with the Listing Rules and safeguards relating to the weighted voting rights structure of
the Company.

In assessing the Board composition, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee would
take into account various aspects as well as factors concerning Board diversity as set out in the
Company’s Board Diversity Policy. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee would
discuss and agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary,
and recommend them to the Board for adoption.

In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee would consider the candidate’s relevant criteria as set out in the Director
Nomination Policy that are necessary to complement the corporate strategy and achieve Board
diversity, where appropriate, before making recommendation to the Board.
72       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Corporate Governance Report




     The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee met once during the year ended December
     31, 2025 to review and consider the following matters:

     •     identify and, if appropriate, interview individuals who are suitably qualified to become a
           member of the Board and to select or make recommendations to the Board on the selection of
           individuals nominated by the shareholders of the Company or others for directorships;

     •     review the background and qualifications of individuals being considered as director
           candidates; provided that among the qualifications considered in the selection of candidates,
           and make recommendations to the Board the director nominees;

     •     to review the structure, size and composition of the Board and the independence of the
           independent non-executive Directors;

     •     to review the Board Diversity Policy and Director Nomination Policy and to consider and
           recommend to the Board on the appointment of independent non-executive Directors;

     •     make recommendations to the Board regarding the size and composition of each standing
           committee of the Board, including the identification of individuals qualified to serve as
           members of a committee, including the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee,
           and recommend individual Directors to fill any vacancy that might occur on a committee;

     •     monitor the functioning of the committees of the Board and make recommendations for any
           changes, including the creation and elimination of committees;

     •     review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and
           senior management;

     •     review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
           regulatory requirements;

     •     develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
           Directors and employees;

     •     review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate
           governance report;
                                                                                   HESAI GROUP       73




Corporate Governance Report




•   review and monitor whether the Company is operated and managed for the benefit of all of its
    Shareholders;

•   confirm that the beneficiaries of weighted voting right have been members of the Board
    throughout the year and that no matters under Rule 8A.17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules
    have occurred during the relevant financial year;

•   review and approve matters relating to the share incentive plan of the Company under
    Chapter 17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules;

•   confirm whether or not the beneficiaries of weighted voting rights have complied with Rules
    8A.14, 8A.15, 8A.18 and 8A.24 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules throughout the year;

•   review and monitor the management of conflicts of interests and make a recommendation to
    the Board on any matter where there is a potential conflict of interest between the Company,
    a subsidiary of the Company and/or shareholders of the Company (considered as a group) on
    one hand and any beneficiary of weighted voting rights on the other, such matter includes but
    is not limited to any grants of options or awards to any beneficiary of weighted voting rights
    under a share incentive plan governed by Chapter 17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules;

•   make a recommendation to the Board as to the appointment of the compliance adviser;

•   seek to ensure effective and on-going communication between the Company and its
    shareholders, particularly with regards to the requirements of Rule 8A.35 of the Hong Kong
    Listing Rules;

•   report on the work of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee covering all areas
    of its terms of reference;

•   advise the Board periodically with respect to significant developments in the law and
    practice of corporate governance as well as the Company’s compliance with applicable laws
    and regulations, and making recommendations to the Board on all matters of corporate
    governance and on any corrective action to be taken; and

•   consider any other corporate governance issues that arise from time to time, and develop
    appropriate recommendations for the Board.
74     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Corporate Governance Report




     The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has confirmed that (i) the WVR beneficiary
     have been members of the Board throughout the Reporting Period; (ii) no matter under Rules 8A.17
     and 8A.30(4)-(6) of the Listing Rules has occurred during the Reporting Period; and (iii) the WVR
     beneficiary has complied with Rules 8A.14, 8A.15, 8A.18 and 8A.24 of the Listing Rules during the
     Reporting Period.

     Diversity Policies

     The Company has adopted a board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”) and also a
     workforce diversity policy (the “Workforce Diversity Policy”) which committed to establishing
     a workplace culture where its employees are valued and empowered to contribute their unique
     perspectives. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and
     considers creating and maintaining a diversified and inclusive working environment as an essential
     element in maintaining the Company’s competitive advantage.

     The Company’s Board Diversity Policy emphasizes the importance of diversity and gender equality
     in strengthening board performance, decision-making, and governance. It commits to building a
     Board with varied skills, experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives, ensuring appointments are
     based on merit while considering diversity factors. The Board will discuss and agree annually the
     relevant measurable objectives such as numerical targets and timelines for monitoring, alongside
     workforce and senior management gender ratios. The Board Diversity Policy is subject to regular
     review and revision to maintain its effectiveness.

     The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reviews regularly the structure, size and
     composition of the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the
     Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains
     a balanced diverse profile. In relation to reviewing and assessing the Board composition, the
     Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is committed to diversity at all levels and will
     consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
     background, professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and regional and industry experience.

     The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives that are relevant
     to the Company’s business growth and is also committed to ensuring that recruitment and selection
     practices at all levels (from the Board downwards) are appropriately structured so that a diverse
     range of candidates are considered.

     The Company’s Workforce Diversity Policy highlights its commitment to fostering diversity and
     inclusion as key drivers of innovation and growth across all Group companies. It seeks to create a
     respectful, dignified, and inclusive workplace where differences in race, ethnicity, gender, religion,
     age, disability, sexual orientation, cultural background, skills, and experiences are valued. The
     Workforce Diversity Policy applies to all aspects of employment, including recruitment and selection,
     professional development and training, compensation and benefits, performance evaluation,
     and career advancement, while strictly prohibiting discrimination and harassment. The Group
     actively promotes initiatives that celebrate diverse perspectives, encourages collaboration, and
     supports professional development opportunities tailored to diverse employees. The Board monitors
     progress, reviews the Workforce Diversity Policy regularly, and recommends revisions to ensure its
     continued effectiveness.
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       75




Corporate Governance Report




The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy and
Workforce Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.

Gender diversity

The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets out the
gender ratio in the workforce of the Group, including the Board and senior management as at the
date of this annual report:

                                                                       Female                Male

Board                                                                      43%                57%
                                                                             (3)                (4)
Senior Management                                                           14%               57%
                                                                             (1)                (4)
Other employees                                                            29%                 71%
                                                                          (322)              (791)
Overall workforce                                                          29%                 71%
                                                                          (326)              (799)

Details on the gender ratio of the Group together with relevant data can be found in the
Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company to be published separately.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board considered that the current
composition of the Board is sufficiently diverse and the Board is of the view that the current
composition of the Board has achieved the objectives set in the Board Diversity Policy. The
Company will continue to maintain gender diversity on the Board and also the overall workforce.
76         2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Corporate Governance Report




     Director Nomination Policy

     The Company has adopted a Director Nomination Policy which sets out the selection criteria and
     nomination process and the Board succession planning considerations in relation to nomination
     and appointment of Directors and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience
     and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company and the continuity of the Board and
     appropriate leadership at Board level.

     The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has a duty to make recommendations to the
     Board on the selection, appointment and re-election of Directors, as well as succession planning for
     Directors.

     The nomination process set out in the Director Nomination Policy is as follows:

     Appointment of New Director

     (i)     The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and/or the Board should, upon receipt
             of the proposal on appointment of new Director and the biographical information (or relevant
             details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as set out below to
             determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.

     (ii)    If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the Nominating and Corporate
             Governance Committee and/or the Board should rank them by order of preference based on
             the needs of the Company and reference check of each candidate (where applicable).

     (iii) The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee should then recommend to the Board
           to appoint the appropriate candidate for directorship, as applicable.

     (iv) For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general
          meeting of the Company, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and/or the
          Board should evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as set out below to determine
          whether such candidate is qualified for directorship. Further details are set out in the
          “Procedures for Shareholders to Propose a Person for Election as a Director of the Company”
          adopted by the Company.

     Where appropriate, the Board should make recommendation to the Shareholders in respect of the
     proposed election of Director at the general meeting.

     Re-election of Director at General Meeting

     (i)     The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and/or the Board should review the
             overall contribution and service to the Company of the retiring Director and the level of
             participation and performance on the Board.
                                                                                         HESAI GROUP       77




Corporate Governance Report




(ii)   The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and/or the Board should also review
       and determine whether the retiring Director continues to meet the criteria for the suitability of
       Directors as set out below.

(iii) The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and/or the Board should then make
      recommendation to Shareholders in respect of the proposed re-election of Director at the
      general meeting.

Where the Board proposes a resolution to elect or re-elect a candidate as Director at the general
meeting, the relevant information of the candidate will be disclosed in the circular to Shareholders
and/or explanatory statement accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting in
accordance with the Listing Rules and/or applicable laws and regulations.

If an independent non-executive Director has served for more than nine years, such Director’s
further appointment should be subject to a separate resolution to be approved by the shareholders.
The papers to Shareholders accompanying that resolution should state why the Board or the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes that the Director is still independent and
should be re-elected.

Criteria for Suitability of Directorship

The Director Nomination Policy sets out the non-exhaustive criteria for assessing the suitability and
the potential contribution to the Board of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the
following:

•      character and integrity;

•      qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and
       diversity aspects under the Board Diversity Policy that are relevant to the Company’s business
       and corporate strategy;

•      requirements of independent non-executive Directors on the Board and independence of the
       proposed independent non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules; and

•      any potential contributions that the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications,
       skills, experience, independence and gender diversity;

•      willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board
       and/or Board committee(s) of the Company; and/or

•      such other factors that the Board and/or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
       considers to be relevant to the Company’s business and succession plan from time to time.

During the period from the Listing Date and up to the year ended December 31, 2025, the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee recommended to the Board the appointment of
a new independent non-executive Director, namely Dr. Hui Wang. The appointment was subject to
a stringent nomination process in accordance with the Director Nomination Policy and the Board
Diversity Policy, to ensure the Board possesses the necessary skills, experience and knowledge in
alignment with the Company’s strategy.
78     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Corporate Governance Report




     The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will conduct regular reviews of the Director
     Nomination Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.

     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

     The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems
     and reviewing their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the
     risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute
     assurance against material misstatement or loss.

     The Board has the overall responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of
     the risks it is willing to take in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives, and establishing and
     maintaining appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems.

     The Audit Committee assists the Board in leading the management and overseeing their design,
     implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems. The Company
     has developed and adopted various risk management procedures and guidelines with defined
     authority for implementation by key business processes and office functions, including project
     management, sales and leasing, financial reporting, procurement, human resources and information
     technology.

     The Company’s risk management and internal control systems operate on a three-line defense
     model. Business units serve as the first line of defense in daily operations. The Internal Control
     Function coordinates risk activities and maintains the enterprise risk database, while the Legal
     Department manages compliance risks. The Internal Audit Function serves as the independent
     third line, reporting to the Audit Committee. The risk management process involves regular risk
     assessments, with management selecting appropriate strategies for risk responses. The Company
     develops tailored policies and controls to address identified risks to ensure they remain at
     acceptable levels.

     All divisions/departments conduct regular internal control assessments and annual self-
     evaluations to identify risks impacting the Group’s business. The Internal Audit Function performs
     independent reviews of the adequacy and effectiveness of the systems, examines key aspects of
     accounting policies, operational processes and compliance practices, and provides findings and
     recommendations to the management and Audit Committee. The Board, supported by the Audit
     Committee and internal audit findings, conducted an annual review for the period from the Listing
     Date to December 31, 2025, and considered that such systems are effective and adequate. The
     annual review also covered financial reporting, ESG reporting, internal audit function as well as
     staff qualifications, experience and relevant resources.
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       79




Corporate Governance Report




The Company has established the Anti-Corruption Compliance Policy and Anti-Fraud and
Whistleblowing Policy to safeguard against corruption, fraud and bribery. These policies provide
internal reporting channels for employees and external parties to raise concerns, in confidence and
anonymity, with management and the Audit Committee regarding suspected improprieties. The
internal anti-corruption/fraud department investigates reported incidents and takes appropriate
measures. The Company continues to conduct anti-corruption/fraud training and awareness
activities to cultivate a culture of integrity. The Policies are available on the Company’s website.

The Company has developed its disclosure policy which provides a general guide to the Directors,
senior management and relevant employees in handling confidential information, monitoring
information disclosure and responding to enquiries. Control procedures have been implemented to
ensure that unauthorized access and use of inside information are strictly prohibited.
80     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Corporate Governance Report




     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements with the
     support of the accounting and finance team.

     The Directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with the U.S. GAAP. Appropriate
     accounting policies have also been used and applied consistently except the adoption of revised
     standards, amendments to standards and interpretation.

     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may
     cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

     The statement of the external auditors of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the
     financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditors’ Report of this Annual Report.

     AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

     The remuneration paid and payable to the external auditors of the Company in respect of audit
     services and non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2025 is set out below:

                                                                                           Fees Paid/
                                                                                             Payable
     Service Category                                                            (RMB, in thousands)

     Audit Services                                                                             17,493
     All other Services                                                                             16

     Total                                                                                     17,509
                                                                                      HESAI GROUP       81




Corporate Governance Report




COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Cailian Yang, has been as one of our joint company secretaries since the Listing Date, who is
responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance matters and ensuring that the Board’s
policies and procedures, as well as the applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed. Ms.
Cailian Yang is also an executive Director and the vice president of operations. Please see the
section headed “Directors and Senior Management” for her biography.

In order to uphold good corporate governance and ensure compliance with the Listing Rules and
applicable Hong Kong laws, the Company engaged Ms. Nelly Au-Yeung, currently a senior manager
of the company secretarial services of Tricor Services Limited, a member of Vistra Group and an
integrated provider offering business, corporate and investor services, as the other joint company
secretary to assist Ms. Cailian Yang. Ms. Nelly Au-Yeung is responsible for advising the Board
on corporate governance matters and ensuring that Board policy and procedures and applicable
laws, rules and regulations are followed. Ms. Cailian Yang has also been designated as the primary
contact person at the Company who would work and communicate with Ms. Nelly Au-Yeung on the
Company’s corporate governance and secretarial and administrative matters.

Ms. Nelly Au-Yeung has complied with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules by taking no less than 15 hours
of the relevant professional training during 2025. Ms. Cailian Yang will undertake not less than 15
hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

Convening an extraordinary general meeting

Pursuant to Article 69 of the Articles of Association, the chairperson or a majority of the Directors
may call general meetings, and they shall on a Shareholders’ requisition forthwith proceed to
convene an extraordinary general meeting of the Company. A Shareholders’ requisition is a
requisition of Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition Shares which carry
in aggregate not less than one-tenth of the voting rights, on an one vote per Share basis, of the
issued Shares which as at the date of the deposit carry the right to vote at the general meetings of
the Company. The requisition must state the objects of the meeting and the resolutions to be added
to the meeting agenda, and must be signed by the requisitionists and deposited at the registered
office of the Company, and may consist of several documents in like form each signed by one or
more requisitionists. If there are no Directors as at the date of the deposit of the Shareholders’
requisition, or if the Directors do not within twenty-one (21) calendar days from the date of the
deposit of the requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting to be held within a further
twenty-one (21) calendar days, the requisitionists, or any of them representing not less than one-
tenth of the total voting rights of all of the requisitionists, on an one vote per Share basis, which
carry the right to vote at general meetings, may themselves convene a general meeting, but any
meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three (3) calendar months after the
expiration of the said twenty-one (21) calendar days. A general meeting convened as aforesaid by
requisitionists shall be convened in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which general
meetings are to be convened by Directors.
82     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Corporate Governance Report




     Putting forward proposals at general meetings

     Shareholders who wish to put forward proposals at general meetings may achieve so by means of
     convening an extraordinary general meeting following the procedures as set out in the paragraph
     above.

     As regards to the procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director, they
     are available on the Company’s website at https://investor.hesaitech.com/.

     Putting forward enquiries to the Board

     For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the
     Company.

     Note: The Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.

     Contact details

     Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:

     Address:    10th Floor, Building A, No.658 Zhaohua Rd., Changning District, Shanghai 200050,
                 People’s Republic of China
                 (For the attention of the Capital Markets Department)
     Fax:        +86-10-5900-1548
     Email:      ir@hesaitech.com

     For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed written
     requisition, notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide
     their full name, contact details and identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’
     information may be disclosed as required by law.

     INVESTOR RELATIONS

     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing
     investor relations and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies.
     The Company endeavours to maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular,
     through annual general meetings and other general meetings. At the annual general meeting,
     Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) are available to meet Shareholders and answer their
     enquiries.

     To safeguard Shareholder interests and rights, separate resolution should be proposed for each
     substantially separate issue at general meetings, including the election of individual Director.
     All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing
     Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and of the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange after each general meeting.
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       83




Corporate Governance Report




Shareholders’ Communication Policy

The Company has in place a Shareholders’ Communication Policy (the “Shareholders’
Communication Policy”). The Shareholders’ Communication Policy aims to set out the provisions
with the objective of ensuring that the Company’s Shareholders, both individual and institutional,
and, in appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large, are timely provided with
complete, equal and understandable information about the Company (including its financial
performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, corporate governance and
risk profile), in order to enable Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner,
and to enhance the communication between the Shareholders, the investment community and
the Company. The Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’
Communication Policy and the results were satisfactory.

The Board shall maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and the investment community,
and will regularly review this Policy to ensure its effectiveness.

Information shall be communicated to Shareholders and the investment community mainly through:

(a)   disclosures to the market submitted to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange which are uploaded
      onto the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website;

(b)   the Company’s website;

(c)   interim reports and annual reports; and

(d)   annual general meetings and other general meetings.

Effective and timely dissemination of information to Shareholders and the investment community
shall be ensured at all times. Any question regarding this Shareholders’ Communication Policy shall
be directed to the Company’s Investor Relations Department by telephone or by email.

Shareholders’ Enquiries

•     Shareholders shall direct their questions about their shareholdings to the Company’s Hong Kong
      share registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited, by sending email to 2525-ecom@vistra.com
      or calling its hotline at (852) 2980 1333 during business hours (9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. from
      Monday to Friday, excluding Hong Kong public holidays), or go in person to its public counter
      at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong.

•     Shareholders and the investment community may at any time contact the Company’s Investor
      Relations Department to understand the information published by the Company.

•     Shareholders and the investment community are provided with designated contacts, email
      addresses and enquiry lines of the Company in order to enable them to make any query in
      respect of the Company.
84     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Corporate Governance Report




     Corporate Communication

     “Corporate Communication” as defined under the Listing Rules refers to any document issued or to
     be issued by the Company for the information or action of holders of any of its securities, including
     but not limited to the following documents of the Company: (a) the Directors’ report, annual
     accounts together with a copy of the auditor’s report and, where applicable, its summary financial
     report; (b) the interim report and, where applicable, its summary interim report; (c) the quarterly
     report; (d) a notice of meeting; (e) a listing document; (f) a circular; and (g) a proxy form.

     The Corporate Communication of the Company will be published on the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange’s website in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules. Corporate communication
     shall be provided to Shareholders in plain language and in both English and Chinese versions to
     facilitate Shareholders’ understanding. Shareholders have the right to choose the languages (either
     English and/or Chinese) of the corporate communications.

     Pursuant to Rule 2.07 of the Listing Rules under the expansion of paperless listing regime and
     electronic dissemination of corporate communications, the Company has adopted electronic
     dissemination of corporate communications. All future corporate communications will be available
     electronically on the website of the Company at www.hesaitech.com and the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange’s website at www.hkexnews.hk in place of printed copies. Shareholders are encouraged
     to provide, amongst other things, in particular, their email addresses to the Company through the
     Company’s Share Registrar and Transfer Office in order to ensure the receipt of the information
     published by the Company in a timely manner.

     Nevertheless, the Shareholders have the right to receive the corporate communications in printed
     form. If you want to receive the corporate communications in printed form, please send an email
     to 2525-ecom@vistra.com specifying your name, address and request to receive the corporate
     communications in printed form. Please note that such instruction shall be valid for one year
     starting from the receipt date of your instruction and will expire thereafter.

     Corporate Website

     A dedicated “Investor Relations” section is available on the Company’s website. Information on
     the Company’s website is updated on a regular basis. Information uploaded by the Company to
     the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website is also posted on the Company’s website immediately
     thereafter. Such information includes announcements, results announcements, circulars and notices
     of general meetings and other documents etc.
                                                                                    HESAI GROUP      85




Corporate Governance Report




Shareholders’ General Meetings

The annual general meeting and other general meetings of the Company are the primary forum
for communication between the Company and its Shareholders. The Company shall provide
Shareholders with relevant information on the resolutions(s) proposed at a general meeting in a
timely manner in accordance with the Listing Rules. The information provided shall be reasonably
necessary to enable Shareholders to make an informed decision on the proposed resolution(s).
Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend
and vote at the meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings. Where
appropriate or required, Board members, in particular, the chairman of the Board, the chairmen of
Board committees or their delegates, appropriate management executives and external auditors
will attend annual general meetings to answer Shareholders’ questions (if any). The process of the
Company’s general meeting shall be monitored and reviewed on a regular basis, and, if necessary,
changes be made to ensure that Shareholders’ needs are best served.

Investment Market Communications

The Company, depending on its need, will arrange various activities, such as investor/analysts
briefings and group/one-on-one meetings, roadshows (both domestic and international) and media
interviews, and participate in marketing activities and thematic forums etc., on a regular basis
in order to facilitate communication between the Company, Shareholders and the investment
community.
86     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Corporate Governance Report




     Amendments to Constitutional Documents

     During the period from the Listing Date up to the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company has
     not made any changes to its Articles of Association.

     On March 3, 2026, the Company has amended its Articles of Association. Details of the amendments
     are set out in the circular dated January 26, 2026 to the Shareholders. An up-to-date version of
     the Company’s Articles of Association is also available on the Company’s website and the Hong
     Kong Stock Exchange’s website.

     Dividend Policy

     The Company has adopted a Dividend Policy on payment of dividends. The Company do not have
     any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. Depending on the financial conditions of the Company
     and the Group and the conditions and factors as set out in the Dividend Policy, dividends may be
     proposed and/or declared by the Board during a financial year and any final dividend for a financial
     year will be subject to the Shareholders’ approval. Such details have been disclosed in the annual
     report of the Company.
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       87




Independent Auditor ’ s Report


To the Shareholders of Hesai Group
(incorporated in Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Hesai Group (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 91 to 166, which comprise
the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2025, and the consolidated statement of
operation and comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity
and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated
financial statements, including significant accounting policy information and other explanatory
information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2025, and of its consolidated financial
performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and have been properly
prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued
by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group
in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as
applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
88     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Independent Auditor’s Report




     KEY AUDIT MATTER

     Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our
     audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. The matter was addressed in
     the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our
     opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on the matter.

      Key audit matter                                 How our audit addressed the key audit
                                                       matter

      Revenue recognition – Price adjustments to product revenues

      As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated       Our procedures in relation to revenue
      financial statements, the Group’s revenue is     recognition of price adjustments included:
      measured based on the transaction price and
      the quantity of parts specified in a contract    •    We obtained understanding, evaluated
      with a customer. Discrete price adjustments,          the design, and tested the operating
      such as sales discounts, may occur in order           effectiveness of controls over the
      for the Group to remain competitive with              accuracy and completeness of price
      market prices. Revenue is measured as the             adjustments.
      amount of consideration expect to receive in
      exchange for transferring the promised goods,    •    We recalculated all the price adjustments
      adjusted for any variable consideration such          according to agreements and related
      as price adjustments as estimated at contract         documents      with    customers      and
      inception. The principal consideration for our        corresponding shipment quantity and
      determination that the price adjustments for          reconciled to the amounts recorded by
      product revenues is a key audit matter is             the Group and investigated any significant
      the high degree of audit effort in performing         difference.
      procedures over the price adjustments to
      product revenues.                                •    We tested, on a sample basis, price
                                                            adjustment entries and price adjustments
                                                            in customer settlements subsequent
                                                            to year-end, by inspecting the related
                                                            documents to evaluate whether they were
                                                            related to transactions in 2025.

                                                       •    We interviewed management of the
                                                            Company     responsible   for   customer
                                                            relationships  and    pricing   decisions
                                                            regarding customer negotiations and price
                                                            adjustments.

     OTHER INFORMATION

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information
     comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated
     financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
                                                                                      HESAI GROUP       89




Independent Auditor’s Report




Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to
read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. GAAP and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting
process.

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our
agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards
or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a
high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or
error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
     whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those
     risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
     opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than
     for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
     misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
90       2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Independent Auditor’s Report




     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
           procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing
           an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
           estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
           and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related
           to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue
           as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to
           draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
           statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
           based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
           events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
           statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements
           represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
           financial information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming
           an opinion on the group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
           and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely
           responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned
     scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in
     internal control that we identify during our audit.

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with
     relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all
     relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and
     where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matter communicated with those charged with governance, we determine the matter that
     was of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period
     and is therefore the key audit matter. We describe the matter in our auditor’s report unless law or
     regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances,
     we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
     consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
     such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chan Wing
     Ming, Joseph (Practising certificate no.: P04758).




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     April 24, 2026
                                                                                          HESAI GROUP        91




Consolidated Balance Sheets
As of December 31, 2024 and 2025
(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data or otherwise noted)




                                                                            As of December 31,
                                                          Notes          2024            2025
                                                                         RMB          RMB             US$
                                                                                                  (Note 2)

ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                          2,838,966    1,663,492       237,876
  Restricted cash                                                        3,594        4,014           574
  Short-term investments                                    3          362,195    3,091,856       442,130
  Notes receivable                                          4           22,341       94,697        13,541
  Accounts receivable, net (net of allowance of
    RMB54,972 and RMB79,952 as of December 31,
    2024 and 2025, respectively)                            5         765,027     1,262,220       180,495
  Contract assets, net (net of allowance of
    RMB9,901 and RMB19,810 as of December 31,
    2024 and 2025, respectively)                                         9,909            –             –
  Amounts due from related parties                                       5,039            –             –
  Inventories                                               6          482,137      670,453        95,874
  Prepayments and other current assets                      7          193,448      282,431        40,387

Total current assets                                                 4,682,656    7,069,163      1,010,877
  Property and equipment, net                               8          944,218    1,099,283        157,195
  Intangible assets, net                                    9           76,554       95,507         13,657
  Land-use rights, net                                     10           39,879       39,015          5,579
  Long-term investments                                    11           31,798    2,781,670        397,774
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                      17          114,260      109,318         15,632
  Other non-current assets                                 12          100,246       67,322          9,627

Total non-current assets                                             1,306,955     4,192,115      599,464

TOTAL ASSETS                                                         5,989,611    11,261,278     1,610,341

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Current liabilities:
  Short-term borrowings                                    13         345,253       448,233        64,096
  Notes payable                                            14          10,096       150,199        21,478
  Accounts payable                                         15         345,011       592,560        84,735
  Contract liabilities                                                 32,994        21,019         3,006
  Amounts due to related parties                                      335,253             –              –
  Accrued warranty liability                                           43,607        77,672         11,107
  Income tax payable                                                        –        27,157         3,883
  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities           16         516,726       578,495        82,724

Total current liabilities                                            1,628,940    1,895,335       271,029
  Operating lease liabilities                              17           98,370       85,555        12,234
  Long-term borrowings                                     13          269,438      278,727        39,857
  Other non-current liabilities                                          61,132      42,907         6,137
92      2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Consolidated Balance Sheets
     As of December 31, 2024 and 2025
     (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data or otherwise noted)




                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                            Notes          2024            2025
                                                                           RMB          RMB             US$
                                                                                                    (Note 2)

     Total non-current liabilities                                     428,940        407,189        58,228

     Total liabilities                                                2,057,880     2,302,524       329,257

     Commitments and contingencies                           27
     Shareholders’ equity
       Class A Ordinary shares (US$0.0001 par value,
         50,000,000 shares authorized, 30,015,905
         and 26,998,861 shares issued and outstanding
         as of December 31, 2024 and 2025,
         respectively)                                       18               19            17             2
       Class B Ordinary shares (US$0.0001 par value,
         900,000,000 shares authorized, 101,143,806
         and 130,143,350 shares issued, 101,143,806
         and 129,146,306 shares outstanding as of
         December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively)           18               70            90            13
       Additional paid-in capital                                      7,577,113    11,925,963     1,705,390
       Subscription receivables                                         (292,721)            –             –
       Accumulated other comprehensive income                             56,975         6,529           933
       Accumulated deficit                                           (3,409,725)    (2,973,845)     (425,254)

     Total Shareholders’ equity                                       3,931,731     8,958,754      1,281,084

     TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY                       5,989,611     11,261,278     1,610,341
                                                                                             HESAI GROUP          93




Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive (Loss) Income
For the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data or otherwise noted)




                                                                     Year ended December 31,
                                             Notes          2023           2024            2025
                                                            RMB            RMB         RMB                US$
                                                                                                      (Note 2)

Net revenues                                  19       1,876,989       2,077,157      3,027,573        432,937
 Cost of revenues                                      (1,215,611)    (1,192,572)    (1,762,477)      (252,031)

Gross Profit                                             661,378        884,585      1,265,096        180,906
Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing expenses                          (148,798)      (193,032)       (191,990)       (27,454)
  General and administrative expenses                   (320,144)       (316,913)     (288,828)        (41,302)
  Research and development expenses                     (790,547)      (855,641)      (796,940)       (113,961)
  Other operating income, net                 20          26,520        276,093          181,415        25,942

Total operating expenses                               (1,232,969)   (1,089,493)     (1,096,343)      (156,775)

(Loss) income from operations                            (571,591)     (204,908)       168,753          24,131

  Interest income                                         99,813        104,401        130,237         18,624
  Interest expenses                                       (3,069)       (12,827)       (18,923)        (2,706)
  Foreign exchange (loss) gain, net                         (452)        14,577          2,156            308
  Other income (loss), net                                    34         (2,476)       184,566         26,393

Net (loss) income before income tax and
 share of loss in equity method
 investments                                            (475,265)      (101,233)       466,789         66,750
 Income tax expense                           21            (658)         (1,130)      (30,835)        (4,409)
 Share of loss in equity method investment                   (45)             (13)         (74)            (11)

Net (loss) income                                       (475,968)      (102,376)       435,880         62,330

Net (loss) income attributable to ordinary
 shareholders of the Company                            (475,968)      (102,376)       435,880         62,330

Net (loss) earnings per share:
  Basic                                       24            (3.81)         (0.79)          3.13           0.45
  Diluted                                     24            (3.81)         (0.79)          2.98           0.43
Weighted average shares used in
  calculating net (loss) income per share:
  Basic                                       24     124,783,013     129,188,125 139,145,475       139,145,475
  Diluted                                     24     124,783,013     129,188,125 146,437,135       146,437,135
Net (loss) income                                       (475,968)       (102,376)   435,880             62,330
Other comprehensive income (loss),
  net of tax of nil:
  Foreign currency translation adjustments                42,048         18,535        (50,446)         (7,214)

Comprehensive (loss) income                             (433,920)       (83,841)       385,434          55,116
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    94
                                                                                                                                                            Accumulated              Total
                                                                                                                                                                     other   Shareholders’
                                                          Class A                    Class B                 Additional    Subscription   Accumulated     comprehensive           (deficit)
                                                      Ordinary shares            Ordinary shares         paid-in capital    receivables        deficit      (loss) income           equity
                                                    Number            RMB*     Number              RMB             RMB            RMB           RMB                  RMB             RMB

Balance as of December 31, 2022                   30,033,379            19   30,949,701             20               –        (310,227)     (2,831,381)           (3,608)       (3,145,177)
Net loss                                                   –             –            –              –               –               –        (475,968)                –         (475,968)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2025 ANNUAL REPORT

Foreign currency translation                               –             –            –              –               –               –               –            42,048            42,048
Share-based compensation                                   –             –            –              –         233,958               –               –                 –          233,958
Issuance of ordinary shares for initial public
   offering in United States (“US IPO”), net of
   issuance cost of RMB117,774                             –             –   10,125,118              7        1,193,290              –               –                  –        1,193,297
Reclassification of redeemable shares to
                                                                                                                                                                                              For the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025


   ordinary shares upon IPO                                –             –   54,551,513             39        5,986,871              –               –                  –        5,986,910
Issuance of ordinary shares upon the exercise
   of share options and vesting of restricted
   share units                                             –             –    1,368,778              1            9,743              –               –                  –            9,744
Settlement of subscription receivables in
   connection with the 2021 reorganization                 –             –           –               –                –         17,506               –                  –           17,506

Balance as of December 31, 2023                   30,033,379            19   96,995,110             67       7,423,862        (292,721)     (3,307,349)           38,440         3,862,318
Net loss                                                   –             –            –              –                –              –        (102,376)                –          (102,376)
Foreign currency translation                               –             –            –              –                –              –               –            18,535             18,535
Share-based compensation                                   –             –            –              –          117,199              –               –                 –            117,199
Issuance of ordinary shares upon the exercise
   of share options and vesting of restricted
                                                                                                                                                                                              (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data or otherwise noted)


   share units                                             –             –    4,131,222              3           36,052              –               –                  –           36,055
Conversion of Class A Ordinary shares into
   Class B Ordinary shares                           (17,474)            –       17,474              –                –              –               –                  –                –

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ (Deficit) Equity
                                                                                                                                                             Accumulated              Total
                                                                                                                                                                      other   Shareholders’
                                                          Class A                      Class B                 Additional    Subscription   Accumulated    comprehensive           (deficit)
                                                      Ordinary shares              Ordinary shares         paid-in capital    receivables        deficit     (loss) income           equity
                                                    Number            RMB*       Number              RMB             RMB            RMB           RMB                 RMB             RMB

Balance as of December 31, 2024                   30,015,905            19    101,143,806             70        7,577,113       (292,721)    (3,409,725)           56,975         3,931,731
Net income                                                 –             –              –              –                –              –        435,880                 –          435,880
Foreign currency translation                               –             –              –              –                –              –              –           (50,446)          (50,446)
Share-based compensation                                   –             –              –              –          114,652              –              –                 –           114,652
Issuance of ordinary shares for global offering
   in Hong Kong (“HK IPO”), net of issuance
   cost of RMB43,689                                       –             –    22,482,500              16       4,206,240               –              –                  –       4,206,256
Issuance of ordinary shares upon the exercise
                                                                                                                                                                                               For the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025


   of share options and vesting of restricted
   share units                                             –             –     2,502,956               2          27,958               –              –                  –          27,960
Conversion of Class A Ordinary shares into
   Class B Ordinary shares                        (3,017,044)           (2)     3,017,044              2                –              –              –                  –                –
Settlement of subscription receivables in
   connection with the 2021 reorganization                 –             –              –              –                –        292,721              –                  –         292,721

Balance as of December 31, 2025                   26,998,861            17    129,146,306             90      11,925,963               –     (2,973,845)            6,529        8,958,754

*       The amount less than RMB1 is rounded to zero


                                                                                                                                                                                               (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data or otherwise noted)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          HESAI GROUP
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ (Deficit) Equity




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          95
96     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     For the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
     (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data or otherwise noted)




                                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                             2023            2024              2025
                                                             RMB             RMB           RMB            US$
                                                                                                      (Note 2)

     Cash flows from operating activities:
       Net (loss) income                                  (475,968)      (102,376)     435,880         62,330
      Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net
        cash provided by operating activities:
        Depreciation and amortization                      86,268         131,809       123,789        17,702
        Share-based compensation                          234,624         116,064       114,652        16,395
        Provision for allowance for credit loss            43,004          15,619        34,889         4,989
        Loss from disposal of property and equipment            –           1,885         6,584           941
        Gain from transfer of an intellectual
           property (Note 23(b))                                  –              –      (36,967)       (5,286)
        Fair value change of financial instruments         (15,095)           (195)        (877)          (125)
        Share of loss in equity method investee                  45             13           74             11
        Foreign exchange (gain) loss, net                        (9)        (2,591)       2,537            363
        Non-cash lease expenses                             34,355         37,375        24,404         3,490
        Impairment of property and equipment                      –              –       21,845         3,124
        Inventory write-down                                  9,290          2,222       39,850         5,698
        Gain from disposal of a subsidiary                   (6,129)             –            –              –
        Gain from disposal of equity securities                   –              –     (175,563)      (25,105)
        Loss from disposal of a long-term Investment              –              –        1,724            247
      Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
        Notes receivable                                         –         (22,341)      (72,356)     (10,347)
        Accounts receivable                               (90,750)       (243,339)     (524,783)      (75,043)
        Contract assets                                    (7,088)               –               –           –
        Inventories                                       145,977           26,695     (231,525)      (33,108)
        Prepayments and other current assets              (82,646)          17,002     (150,604)      (21,536)
        Amounts due from related parties                         –               –           5,039         721
        Other non-current assets                            (3,178)          2,173          (3,421)      (489)
        Amounts due to related parties                           –          (5,026)        (6,038)       (863)
        Contract liabilities                               39,545         (46,942)        (11,967)      (1,711)
        Deferred tax liabilities                               (35)              –               –           –
        Accounts payable                                   61,529           75,012      248,565        35,544
        Notes payable                                            –           2,841      140,102        20,034
        Accrued expenses and other current liabilities     80,297           88,907      165,954        23,732
        Operating leases liabilities                      (34,595)        (33,758)       (16,576)      (2,370)
        Other non-current liabilities                      37,820            2,454       (18,224)      (2,606)

     Net cash provided by operating activities              57,261         63,503       116,987        16,732
                                                                                                   HESAI GROUP       97




Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data or otherwise noted)




                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                             2023           2024              2025
                                                             RMB            RMB           RMB                US$
                                                                                                         (Note 2)

Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchases of short-term investments                  (5,100,868)    (2,548,575)    (3,725,664)        (532,763)
  Maturity of short-term investments                    4,479,302      3,775,809      1,021,000          146,000
  Purchases of long-term investments                             –              –    (2,723,660)        (389,479)
  Purchases of property and equipment                    (406,748)      (259,541)      (309,370)          (44,239)
  Purchases of intangible assets                            (7,925)       (11,817)       (32,825)          (4,694)
  Proceeds from government subsidies after
    capital expenditure                                    15,893               –            –                 –
  Purchases of equity securities (Note 23(b))                   –               –     (100,000)          (14,300)
  Proceeds from disposal of equity securities
    (Note 23(b))                                                 –              –       275,563           39,405
  Proceeds from disposal of property and
    equipment                                                    –              –         4,224              604
  Proceeds from disposal of an intellectual property
    licensing (Note 23(b))                                      –               –        36,967            5,286
  Cash inflow from disposal of subsidiary                  14,407               –             –                –
  Cash outflow from acquisition of subsidiary,
    net of cash acquired of RMB571                        (54,454)              –              –                 –

Net cash (used in) provided by investing
 activities                                            (1,060,393)       955,876     (5,553,765)        (794,180)
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Cash distribution to shareholders of Shanghai
    Hesai in connection with the 2021
    Reorganization                                        (17,506)              –      (292,721)          (41,859)
  Cash contribution from shareholders in
    connection with the 2021 Reorganization                17,506               –       292,721           41,859
  Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares of
    Hesai Group                                        1,225,470               –     4,249,946           607,734
  Proceeds from long-term borrowings                     264,910         120,275       127,734            18,266
  Repayment of long-term borrowings                             –        (20,157)            –                 –
  Proceeds from short-term borrowings                     111,682       234,100        331,776            47,443
  Repayment of short-term borrowings                            –       (117,682)     (347,242)          (49,655)
  Payment of offering costs                              (22,828)              –       (43,689)           (6,247)
  Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares
    upon the exercise of share options                      2,872         34,139         27,346            3,910
  Government subsidies received in advance of
    capital expenditure                                     8,250               –              –                 –

Net cash provided by financing activities               1,590,356        250,675      4,345,871           621,451
98     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
     For the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025
     (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data or otherwise noted)




                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                              2023          2024              2025
                                                              RMB           RMB           RMB            US$
                                                                                                     (Note 2)

     Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
       equivalents                                         587,224     1,270,054    (1,090,907)      (155,997)
     Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash,
       beginning of the year                               913,277     1,558,124     2,842,560       406,481
       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on
         cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash         57,623        14,382       (84,147)       (12,034)

     Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end
       of the year                                        1,558,124    2,842,560     1,667,506       238,450

     Cash paid during the year for:
       Income taxes                                              –          425          3,512           502
         Domestic (Chinese Mainland)                             –          425            144            21
         Foreign:                                                –            –          3,368           481
       Interest (net of capitalized amount of RMB4,433,
         RMB1,511 and RMB651 for the years ended
         December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
         respectively)                                       3,069         8,054        19,006          2,718
     Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing
       and financing activities:
       Purchase of property and equipment included
         in payable                                        179,839       124,333        69,249         9,902
     The following table provides a reconciliation
       of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
       reported within the statements of financial
       position that sum to the total of the same
       such amounts shown in the statements of
       cash flows:
       Cash and cash equivalents                          1,554,583    2,838,966     1,663,492       237,876
       Restricted cash                                        3,541        3,594         4,014           574

     Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash           1,558,124    2,842,560     1,667,506       238,450
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       99




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




1.   ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

     Description of Business and Corporate History

     Hesai Group (the “Company”) was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on April
     21, 2021. The Company, together with its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) is primarily
     engaged in the development, manufacture and sales of 3-dimensional light detection and
     ranging solutions, or LiDAR. The Group’s history began in October 2014 with the establishment
     of Shanghai Hesai Photonics Co., Ltd. (“Hesai Photonics”), a limited liability company
     established in the PRC by Dr. Kai Sun, Dr. Yifan Li and Mr. Shaoqing Xiang (collectively known
     as the “Founding Shareholders”). The Company’s registered office is located at PO Box 309,
     Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands, and its principal place of business
     in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) is 10th Floor, Building A, No. 658 Zhaohua Road,
     Changning District, Shanghai.

     2021 Reorganization

     In 2021, the Founding Shareholders and all of the investors of Shanghai Hesai undertook an
     equity restructuring in order to re-domicile its business from the PRC to the Cayman Islands
     (the “2021 Reorganization”), which was executed in the following steps:

     (1)   In April 2021, the Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands to be the holding
           company of the Group. On May 6, 2021, the Company established Hesai HK, a wholly
           owned subsidiary to be the intermediate holding company.

     (2)   In June 2021, the Company through Hesai HK acquired 100% of the equity interest of
           Shanghai Hesai from the Founding Shareholders and its investors, thus Shanghai Hesai
           became the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

     (3)   In May and June 2021, the Founding Shareholders subscribed to 30,033,379 Class A
           ordinary shares and the existing investors subscribed to 62,834,548 Class B ordinary
           shares of the Company, on an as-converted basis, at the same proportion of the equity
           interest they held in Shanghai Hesai.

     The main purpose of the 2021 Reorganization was to establish a Cayman Islands holding
     company for the existing business in preparation for an overseas initial public offering.
     The Group has accounted for the 2021 Reorganization as transaction between entities with
     common ownership, which is akin to a reorganization of entities under common control.

     Pursuant to a framework agreement entered into by the Founding Shareholders and all of
     the investors of Shanghai Hesai, the consideration paid by the Company to acquire the equity
     interest of Shanghai Hesai is to be reinvested in the Company as capital contribution for
     subscription of ordinary shares at Hesai Group. For the recapitalization in connection with the
     2021 Reorganization, only RMB817,847 was required to be settled through cash redemption by
     Shanghai Hesai and cash investment at the Company level in accordance with foreign currency
     control regulations within the PRC. An amount of RMB507,620, RMB17,506 and RMB292,721
     has been settled in 2021, 2023 and 2025, respectively. All payables or subscription receivables
     related to 2021 Reorganization were settled as of December 31, 2025 (Note 23).
100        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      1.     ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES (Continued)

             Initial Public Offering (“IPO”)

             In February and March 2023, the Group, in connection with its IPO in the United States,
             issued 10,125,118 Class B ordinary shares with net proceeds of US$179,786 (equivalent to
             RMB1,225,470).

             In September 2025, the Group was listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
             through a global offering of 22,482,500 Class B ordinary shares with net proceeds of
             HK$4,654,135 (equivalent to RMB4,249,946).

             As of December 31, 2024, and 2025, the Group conducted its business operations across its
             subsidiaries as follows:

                                            Date and place of                                                  Proportion of
                                            incorporation/                   Registered                      ownership interest
             Name of subsidiaries           registration/ operations            capital    Paid in capital   held by the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                                               2024          2025
                                                                                                                  %             %

             Hesai Hong Kong Limited        May 6, 2021, Hong Kong        One US dollar     One US dollar       100           100 Investment holding
               (“Hesai HK”)

             Hesai Technology Co., Ltd.     October 22, 2014, The        RMB1,096,000      RMB1,096,000         100           100 Development,
               (“Shanghai Hesai”)            People’s Republic of                                                                   Manufacture and sales
                                             China (the “PRC”)                                                                      of LiDAR

             Shanghai Hesai Trading Co. Ltd. May 17, 2019, PRC                RMB1,000         RMB1,000         100           100 Sales and after-sales
                                                                                                                                    service of LiDAR

             Hertz Technology Co., Ltd.     October 13, 2022, PRC          RMB222,000        RMB220,946         100           100 Manufacture of LiDAR

             Hesai Inc                      October 11, 2017, United         US$10,000        US$10,000         100           100 Marketing and after-
                                             States                                                                                sales service of LiDAR

             Hesai GmbH                     April 22, 2022, Germany Euro (“EUR”) 500             EUR500         100           100 Marketing and after-
                                                                                                                                   sales service of LiDAR

             Chongqing Hezhi Technology     April 4, 2023, PRC              RMB30,000         RMB30,000         100           100 Development and sales
               Co., Ltd (“Chongqing Hezhi”)                                                                                         of LiDAR

             Hesai Holding PTE LTD          June 5, 2023, Singapore           US$5,987          US$5,887        100           100 Investment holding
               (“Hesai Holding PTE”)

             Hesai Technology PTE LTD       June 9, 2023, Singapore       One US dollar                 –       100           100 Sales and after-sales
               (“Hesai Technology PTE”)                                                                                             service of LiDAR

             Hesai (Thailand) Limited       June 19, 2023, Thailand    Thai Baht (“TBH”)     TBH200,000         100           100 Manufacture and sales
               (“Hesai Thailand”)                                               200,100                                            of LiDAR

             HESI TECHNOL GYS.A. DE. C.V.   July 26, 2023, Mexico          519 US dollar                –       100           100 Development of LiDAR
              (“Hesai Mexico”)
                                                                                                                                HESAI GROUP          101




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




1.   ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES (Continued)

     Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) (Continued)

                                     Date and place of                                                    Proportion of
                                     incorporation/                    Registered                       ownership interest
     Name of subsidiaries            registration/ operations             capital     Paid in capital   held by the Group    Principal activities
                                                                                                          2024          2025
                                                                                                             %             %

     Hesai Korea Co. Ltd. (“Hesai    September 22, 2023,               Korean won      KRW100,000          100           100 Sales of LiDAR
       Korea”)                         Korea                              (“KRW”)
                                                                          100,000

     Hesai Technology Japan Inc      September 19, 2023,               Yen (“JPN”)       JPN10,000         100           100 Sales of LiDAR
       (“Hesai Japan”)                 Japan                               10,000

     Chongqing Hesai Technology      October 30, 2023, PRC             US$ 10,000        US$ 10,000        100           100 Development of LiDAR
       Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing Hesai”)

     Shanghai Hesai Zhineng Keji     November 8, 2023, PRC             US$20,000                   –       100           100 Development and sales
       Co., Ltd (“Shanghai Zhineng”)                                                                                           of LiDAR, Business
                                                                                                                               operation

     Fastree3D SA.                   September 2013,            Swiss Franc (“CHF”)     CHF429,444         100           100 Development of LiDAR
                                       Switzerland                         429,444

     American Lidar Inc              November 22, 2023,                0.5US dollar     0.5US dollar       100           100 Development of LiDAR
      (“American Lidar”)              United States

     Guangzhou Hesai Technology     July 19, 2024, PRC                  RMB1,000          RMB1,000         100           100 Sales of LiDAR
      Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Hesai”)

     Firebird Limited                December 10, 2024,                     US$50                  –       100           100 Investment holding
                                       British Virgin Islands

     Beijing Hesai Technology Co.,   December 19, 2024, PRC             RMB1,000                   –       100           100 Sales of LiDAR
       Ltd. (“Beijing Hesai”)

     Qiming Everest, L.P.            January 6, 2025, Cayman             US$13,911                 –         –           100 Investment holding

     Shanghai Hehu Trading Co., Ltd September 8, 2025, PRC              US$ 13,911                 –         –           100 Development of LiDAR
       (“Shanghai Hehu”)
102        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      2.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

             2.1 Basis of preparation

                  The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting
                  principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). In addition,
                  the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules
                  Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing
                  Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

             2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies

                 Basis of Consolidation

                  The consolidated financial statements presented herein represent the consolidated
                  financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All transactions and balances
                  among the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated upon consolidation.

                 Use of estimates

                  The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP
                  requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
                  amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
                  of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
                  the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025. Actual results could differ from
                  those estimates. On an ongoing basis, the Group’s management reviews these estimates
                  based on information that is currently available. Changes in facts and circumstances may
                  cause the Group to revise its estimates. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the
                  Group’s consolidated financial statements mainly include allowance for credit losses and
                  inventory write-down.
                                                                                        HESAI GROUP       103




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          Fair value measurements

          The established fair value hierarchy as defined by U.S. GAAP requires an entity to
          maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
          when measuring fair value. A financial instrument’s categorization within the fair value
          hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
          measurement. The three levels of inputs may be used to measure fair value include:

          Level 1: Valuation techniques in which all significant inputs are unadjusted quoted prices
          from active markets for assets or liabilities that are identical to the assets or liabilities
          being measured.

          Level 2: Valuation techniques in which significant inputs include quoted prices from
          active markets for assets or liabilities that are similar to the assets or liabilities being
          measured and/or quoted prices for assets or liabilities that are identical or similar to the
          assets or liabilities being measured from markets that are not active. Also, model-derived
          valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in
          active markets are Level 2 valuation techniques.

          Level 3: Valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value
          drivers are unobservable. Unobservable inputs are valuation technique inputs that reflect
          the Group’s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use
          in pricing an asset or liability.

          The Group’s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, time deposits with
          maturities of more than three months recorded in short-term investments and long-term
          investments, accounts receivable, notes receivable, contract assets, amounts due from/
          to related parties, other receivables included in other current assets, accounts payable,
          notes payable, other current liabilities, short-term borrowings and long-term borrowings.
          Carrying amounts of these short-term financial instruments measured at amortized cost
          approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature. The fair value of long-term
          borrowings approximate to their carry amounts because the annual interest rates of such
          borrowings are similar to the prevailing market interest rate.
104        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      2.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Fair value measurements (Continued)

                  The following table presents the assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
                  basis and are categorized using the fair value hierarchy:

                  As of December 31, 2024                   Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
                                                        Quoted Prices in          Significant            Significant
                                                          Active Markets    Other Observable          Unobservable
                                                            for Identical              Inputs                 Inputs
                  Description                            Assets (Level 1)           (Level 2)              (Level 3)
                                                                    RMB                  RMB                    RMB

                  Short-term investments – structured
                    financial products                                –               362,195                     –

                  As of December 31, 2025                  Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
                                                        Quoted Prices in         Significant          Significant
                                                         Active Markets    Other Observable        Unobservable
                                                            for Identical             Inputs               Inputs
                  Description                            Assets (Level 1)          (Level 2)            (Level 3)
                                                                    RMB                 RMB                  RMB

                  Short-term investments – structured
                    financial products                                –              220,877                      –

                  The structured financial products issued by commercial banks in People’s Republic of
                  China (the “PRC”) are financial instruments with variable interest rates indexed mainly
                  to exchange rates and/or price of commodities. In accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value
                  Measurement, the Group elected the fair value option at the date of initial recognition
                  to measure structured financial products at fair value on a recurring basis with changes
                  in the fair value are recorded as interest income in the consolidated statements of
                  operations and comprehensive (loss) income. The fair values of these structured
                  financial products were determined by using Level 2 significant other observable input
                  by applying the interest rate implied by the current quotation of underlying indices. The
                  Group recorded fair value changes of short-term investments of RMB30,158, RMB13,586
                  and RMB5,197 as interest income in the consolidated statements of operations and
                  comprehensive (loss) income, for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.
                                                                                       HESAI GROUP        105




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          Fair value measurements (Continued)

          Certain assets are measured at a non-recurring basis. The following table presents
          the fair value and losses recognized for the year ended December 31, 2025 due to
          impairment of the related assets.

          As of December 31, 2025                Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
                                                                        Significant
                                                                     Unobservable        Total Loss for
          Description                              Fair Value      Inputs (Level 3)           the Year
                                                         RMB                  RMB                 RMB

          Property and equipment                       6,788                6,788               21,845

          Property and equipment, right-of-use assets, intangible assets and long-term
          investments were primarily valued using the income approach based on discounted cash
          flows associated with the underlying assets, which incorporate certain assumptions
          including factors that the Group considers in deciding when performing an impairment
          review include, but are not limited to, significant under-performance of a business in
          relation to expectations, and significant changes or planned changes in the use of the
          assets. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Group recorded fair
          value changes of property and equipment of nil, nil and RMB21,845 as other operating
          income, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss)
          income, respectively.
106        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      2.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Functional currency and foreign currency translation

                  The Group uses Renminbi (“RMB”) as its reporting currency. The functional currency
                  of the Company and its subsidiaries located outside of PRC is the United States dollars
                  (“US$”), Swiss Franc (“CHF”), Hong Kong dollar, Euro and other currencies such as Thai
                  Baht, the functional currency of subsidiaries located in PRC is RMB.

                  Assets and liabilities are translated from each entity’s functional currency to the reporting
                  currency at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Equity amounts are translated
                  at historical exchange rates, and revenues, cost of revenues, expenses, gains and
                  losses are translated using the average rate for the year. Translation adjustments are
                  reported as cumulative translation adjustments and are shown as a separate component
                  of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income in the consolidated statements of
                  changes in shareholders’ equity.

                  Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the entity’s
                  applicable functional currencies are translated into the functional currencies at the
                  prevailing rates of exchange at the balance sheet date. Nonmonetary assets and liabilities
                  are remeasured into the applicable functional currencies at historical exchange rates.
                  Transactions in currencies other than the applicable functional currencies during the year
                  are converted into the functional currencies at the applicable rates of exchange prevailing
                  at the transaction dates. Transaction gains and losses are recognized as foreign exchange
                  gain (loss), net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss)
                  income.

                 Cash and cash equivalents

                  The Group classifies cash on hand, money market funds, and cash in bank with original
                  maturities of three months or less, and are unrestricted as to withdrawal or use, as cash
                  and cash equivalents.

                 Restricted cash

                  Restricted cash mainly represents the Group’s security deposits with respect to the
                  Group’s credit card account, withdrawal or use is contractually restricted of these cash
                  balance.
                                                                                       HESAI GROUP       107




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          Accounts receivable, net

          Accounts receivable mainly consists of amounts due from the Group’s customers, which
          are recorded net of allowance for credit losses. The Group manages customers by six
          pools – domestic PRC OEM customers, domestic PRC other customers, overseas OEM
          customers, overseas other customers, customers facing operational difficulties and
          other special customers. For the purposes of performing ongoing credit evaluation, the
          customers are aggregated into two portfolio segments by reviewing their credit rating
          and assessing allowance for credit loss based on expected credit loss model. Category
          1 consists of the first four pools customers who have a relatively low credit risk and
          no default history. Category 2 is for customers facing operational difficulties and other
          special circumstances who have a relatively higher credit risk. The Group develops a
          current expected credit loss (“CECL”) model based on historical collection experience, the
          age of the accounts receivable balances, current economic conditions, reasonable and
          supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, and other factors that may affect
          its ability to collect from customers. Account receivable balances are written off after all
          collection efforts have been exhausted. The expected credit loss rates for each Category
          as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 are as follows:

                                                                            As of December 31,
                                                                               2024          2025

          Category 1                                                           0.83%          1.44%
          Category 2                                                          89.06%        100.00%

          Factoring arrangements

          The Group enters into factoring agreements with third-party financial institutions.
          If the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
          the receivables under the arrangement, the receivables are derecognized since the
          transaction qualifies as a transfer of financial assets to be considered as a sale under
          ASC 860. In determining whether the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and
          rewards of ownership, it considers credit risk, late-payment risk and right of recourse.
          Arrangements in which the Group derecognizes receivables result in changes in trade
          receivables, which are reflected as cash flows from operating activities. When receivables
          are sold with limited recourse and substantially all the risks and rewards associated with
          these receivables are not transferred, receivables are not derecognized. Where the Group
          does not derecognize the receivables, the cash received from the factor is classified as a
          financing cash inflow, the settlement of the receivables as an operating cash inflow and
          the repayment to the factoring as a financing cash outflow.
108        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      2.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Inventories

                  Inventories consist of raw materials, work-in-process, and finished goods and are stated
                  at lower of cost or net realizable value. Costs are computed under the weighted average
                  method. Net realizable value is determined as estimated selling prices in the ordinary
                  course of business, less reasonably predictable costs to sell. Valuation of inventories is
                  based on currently available information about expected recoverable value. The estimate
                  is dependent upon factors such as market trends, inventory ageing, and historical and
                  forecasted customer demands. Inventory write-down is recorded as cost of revenues.

                 Property and equipment, net

                  Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment.
                  Property and equipment except land are depreciated at rates sufficient to write off its
                  costs less impairment, if any, over the estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The
                  estimated useful lives are as follows:

                  Buildings                                 20 years
                  Electronic equipment                      3 – 5 years
                  Machinery and equipment                   10 years
                  Furniture and fixture                     5 years
                  Transportation vehicles                   4 years
                  Leasehold improvements                    Over the shorter of the expected lease term or
                                                            useful lives

                  Land held by the Group in perpetuity is located in Thailand and not depreciated and is
                  stated at cost less impairment.

                  Interest expenses on outstanding debt are capitalized during the period of significant
                  capital asset construction. Capitalized interest on construction in progress is included
                  within property, plant and equipment, net and is amortized over the life of the related
                  assets.

                 Intangible assets, net

                  Intangible assets are recognized and measured at cost upon acquisition. Following the
                  initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortization
                  and any accumulated impairment losses. The identifiable intangible assets acquired are
                  amortized on a straight-line basis over the respective useful lives as follows:

                  Software                                  3 – 10 years
                  Technology                                3 – 8 years
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       109




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          Land-use rights, net

          Land-use rights are recognized and measured at cost upon acquisition. Following the
          initial recognition, land-use rights are carried at cost less any accumulated amortization
          and any accumulated impairment losses. According to the land-use rights government
          policy in the PRC, the useful life of land-use rights is 50 years.

          Long-term investments

          Investment in equity method investee

          The Group uses equity method to account for common stock investments in entities
          over which it has significant influence but does not have controlling interests. Under the
          equity method of accounting, the Group’s share of the earnings or losses of the investee
          companies, impairments, and other adjustments required by the equity method are
          reflected in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. When
          the Group’s share of losses in an investee equals or exceeds its carrying amount of the
          investment in the investee, the Group does not recognize further losses, unless the Group
          has guaranteed the obligations of the investee or is otherwise committed to provide
          further financial support for the investee. An impairment loss is recorded when there has
          been a loss in value of the investment that is other than temporary.

          An impairment charge is recorded if the carrying amount of the investment exceeds
          its fair value and this condition is determined to be other-than temporary. The Group
          estimated the fair value of investments in equity investees under discounted cash flow
          analysis which requires significant judgments, including the estimation of future cash
          flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, the estimation of long-term growth
          rate of a company’s business, the estimation of the useful life over which cash flows
          would occur, and the determination of the weighted average cost of capital. The Group
          did not record any impairment on its equity method investment during the years ended
          December 31, 2023 and 2024. The Group recorded loss from disposal of one long-term
          investment of RMB1,724 for the year ended December 31, 2025.
110        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      2.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Long-term investments (Continued)

                 Equity securities without readily determinable fair value

                  The Group has elected to measure the investment in equity securities without readily
                  determinable fair value at cost minus impairment, if any, adjusted up or down for
                  observable price changes. Any adjustment to the carrying amount is recorded in
                  other income (loss), net. At each reporting period end, the Group makes a qualitative
                  assessment considering impairment indicators to evaluate whether any of these
                  investments is impaired. And if the assessment indicates that the fair value of an
                  investment is less than the carrying value, the investment in equity securities will
                  be written down to its fair value, with the difference between the fair value of the
                  investment and its carrying amount as an impairment loss. No fair value adjustment was
                  recognized for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                 Time deposits

                  Time deposits with maturities between three months and one year is recorded in
                  short-term investments, and time deposits with maturities more than one year
                  is recorded in long-term investments. The Group classifies the time deposits as
                  held-to-maturity securities as the Group expects to receive all the principals and has the
                  positive intent and ability to hold them to maturity.

                 Impairment of long-lived assets

                  The Group evaluates its long-lived assets including property and equipment, intangible
                  assets, right-of-use assets and land-use rights for impairment whenever events or
                  changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
                  recoverable. When these events occur, the Group evaluates recoverability by comparing
                  the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows, including the
                  estimated disposal value. If the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows is less than
                  the carrying amount of the assets, the Group recognizes an impairment loss equal to the
                  difference between the carrying amount and fair value of these assets.
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       111




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          Revenue recognition

          The Group recognizes revenue from sales of LiDAR products at a point in time when
          control of the products is transferred to the customers, which generally occurs upon
          delivery according to the terms of the underlying contracts. The Group’s general terms
          and conditions for its contracts do not contain a right of return that allows the customer
          to return products and receive a credit, and therefore the Group does not estimate
          returns. The Group’s standalone selling prices are based on the prices charged to
          customers for the single performance obligation which is transfer of control of products
          upon delivery to the customers or upon expiration of the customer acceptance period.
          Revenue is measured based on the transaction price and the quantity of parts specified
          in a contract with a customer. Discrete price adjustments, such as sales discounts,
          may occur in order for the Group to remain competitive with market prices. Revenue is
          measured as the amount of consideration expect to receive in exchange for transferring
          the promised goods, adjusted for any variable consideration such as price adjustments
          as estimated at contract inception. The Group estimates variable consideration at the
          most likely amount they will receive from customers and reduce revenues recognized
          accordingly. The Group includes estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent
          it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur
          when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. The Group
          estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated
          amounts in the transaction price are based largely on an assessment of their anticipated
          performance and all relevant information (historical, current and forecasted) that is
          reasonably available to the Group. The Group adjusts the estimate of revenue at the
          earlier of when the value of consideration they expect to receive changes or when the
          consideration becomes fixed. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
          revenue reductions arose from price adjustments were nil, RMB47,935 and RMB196,912.
          Amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling are included in revenue. Taxes
          collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from
          revenue on the net basis of accounting. Accounts receivables are due under normal trade
          terms, typically within 30 to 90 days.

          For LiDAR solution that the Group offers customers with a combination of hardware,
          software, deployment and professional services and engineering design, development
          and validation service projects, control of the goods and services may be transferred
          over time or at a point in time depending on the terms of the contract. Control of the
          goods and services is transferred over time when the Group’s performance does not
          create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable
          right to payment for performance completed to date. The Group recognizes revenue over
          time using an input method based on contract cost incurred to date compared to total
          estimated contract cost (cost-to-cost) as the services are provided. Otherwise, revenue
          is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods and
          services.
112        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      2.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Revenue recognition (Continued)

                  The Group utilizes the practical expedient under ASC 606 and does not disclose
                  unsatisfied performance obligations for the Group’s contracts as these contracts generally
                  have an original duration of less than one year.

                  The Group typically provides standard product warranties on LiDARs. For LiDARs used
                  in autonomous mobility sector, such warranties last one to five years. For those used in
                  advanced driver assistance system sector, such warranties cover no more than five years
                  or 150 thousand kilometers, whichever comes first. Standard warranties are considered
                  to be assurance type warranties and are not accounted for as separate performance
                  obligations. The Group accrues estimated future warranty costs and charges to cost
                  of revenues in the period that the related revenue is recognized. These estimates are
                  based on historical warranty experience and any known or expected changes in warranty
                  exposure, such as trends of product reliability and costs of repairing and replacing
                  defective products. The Group also provides extended warranties as a service for an
                  additional term ranging one to two additional years. For service type extended warranty
                  contracts, the Group allocates revenue to this performance obligation on a relative
                  standalone selling price basis and recognizes the revenue ratably over time during
                  the effective period of the services. The Group recognized RMB10,413, RMB8,909 and
                  RMB4,285 for extended warranty services, for the years ended December 31,2023, 2024
                  and 2025, respectively.

                  Changes in the Group’s accrued warranty liability were as follows:

                                                                   For the Year ended December 31,
                                                                      2023          2024           2025
                                                                      RMB            RMB           RMB

                  Balance as of the beginning of the year            17,694          28,425          43,607
                  Warranty provision                                26,247           32,078          48,731
                  Consumption                                       (15,516)        (16,896)        (14,666)

                  Balance as of the end of the year                 28,425             43,607       77,672

                  A contract asset is recorded when the Group has transferred products or services to the
                  customer before payment is received or is due, and the Group’s right to consideration is
                  conditional on future performance in the contract. The Group records a contract asset for
                  unbilled receivables for certain customers where the control of the goods or services has
                  been transferred. A contract liability exists when the Group has received consideration
                  but has not transferred the related goods or services to the customer. The Group’s
                  contract liabilities mainly consist of payments received from customers before they
                  received the products.
                                                                                      HESAI GROUP       113




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          Cost of revenues

          Cost of revenues for our products includes the manufacturing cost of LiDAR sensors,
          which primarily consists of direct material costs, personnel-related costs, purchasing
          costs, depreciation, amortization and overhead associated with manufacturing
          operations, accrued warranty costs, shipping costs, licensing fees, and write-downs of
          excess inventories and obsolete inventories.

          Cost of revenues for our services includes cost of LiDAR solution and direct labor costs
          and related material costs relating to the fulfillment of services.

          Research and development expenses

          Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs directly
          associated with research and development organization, with the remainder being
          prototype expenses, third-party engineering and contractor costs, an allocated portion of
          facility and IT costs and depreciation. The Group’s research and development costs are
          related to enhancing and developing additional functionality for its existing products and
          to new product development, including new releases and upgrades to LiDAR sensors. The
          Group expenses research and development costs as incurred.

          Government grants

          Government grants consist of cash subsidies received by the Group from PRC local
          governments. Grants received as incentives for conducting business in certain local
          districts with no performance obligation or other restrictions as to the use are recognized
          when cash is received. Grants received with government specified performance
          obligations are recognized when all the obligations have been fulfilled. Government
          grants received related to the purchases of long-term assets are used to net the cost of
          the respective assets.

          (Loss) earnings per share

          Basic (loss) earnings per share is computed by dividing net (loss) income attributable
          to the holders of ordinary shares by the weighted average number of ordinary shares
          outstanding during the year.

          Diluted earnings per share reflect the potential dilution that could occur if securities
          or other contracts to issue ordinary shares were exercised or converted into ordinary
          shares. The Group had share options and unvested RSUs, which could potentially dilute
          basic earnings per ordinary share in the future. To calculate the number of shares for
          diluted earnings per ordinary share, the effect of the share options is computed using the
          treasury stock method.
114        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      2.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Share-based compensation

                  The Group grants share-based awards of the Company to eligible employees and
                  accounts for these share-based awards in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation –
                  Stock Compensation.

                  Share-based awards that are subject to both the service period and the occurrence of
                  certain events as performance condition are measured at the grant date fair value and
                  share-based compensation expenses are recognized for the cumulatively vested amount
                  upon the completion of certain events first and then over the remaining requisite service
                  period, net of actual forfeitures, if any.

                  Share-based awards that are subject to only the service period are measured at the
                  grant date fair value and share-based compensation expenses are recognized on a
                  straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the individual grants. The Group
                  recognizes share-based compensation expenses based on the target number of Class B
                  ordinary shares that may be earned pursuant to the award. Forfeitures are recognized as
                  reductions to share-based compensation when they occur.

                  The fair value of the share options granted to employees is determined with the
                  assistance of an independent valuation specialist using widely accepted valuation
                  techniques, including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected future free cash
                  flows and binomial option pricing model.

                  The Group accounts for the effects of a modification as described in ASC 718. The
                  Group calculates incremental compensation cost of a modification as the excess of the
                  fair value of the modified option over the fair value of the original option immediately
                  before its terms are modified. For vested options, the Group would recognize incremental
                  compensation cost on the date of modification and for unvested options, the Group
                  would recognize, prospectively and over the remaining requisite service period, the sum
                  of the incremental compensation cost and the remaining unrecognized compensation cost
                  for the original award.
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       115




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          Income Taxes

          Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws of the relevant tax
          authorities.

          Deferred income taxes are provided using assets and liabilities method, which requires
          the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax
          consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this
          method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of the differences
          between financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax
          rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred
          tax assets are recognized to the extent that these assets are more likely than not to
          be realized. In making such a determination, the management considers all positive
          and negative evidence, including future reversals of projected future taxable income
          and results of recent operation. Deferred tax assets are then reduced by a valuation
          allowance through a charge to income tax expense when, in the opinion of management,
          it is more likely than not that a portion of or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
          realized.

          The Group accounts for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial
          statements by applying a two-step process to determine the amount of the benefit to
          be recognized. First, the tax position must be evaluated to determine the likelihood
          that it will be sustained upon external examination by the taxing authorities. If the tax
          position is deemed more-likely-than-not to be sustained (defined as a likelihood of more
          than fifty percent of being sustained upon an audit, based on the technical merits of
          the tax position), the tax position is then assessed to determine the amount of benefits
          to recognize in the consolidated financial statements. The amount of the benefits that
          may be recognized is the largest amount that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being
          realized upon ultimate settlement.

          Interest and penalties on income taxes will be classified as a component of the provisions
          for income taxes. The Group did not recognize any income tax due to uncertain tax
          position or incur any interest and penalties related to potential underpaid income tax
          expenses for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.
116        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      2.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Leases

                  The Group leases office space in Shanghai, PRC and California, USA under non-cancellable
                  operating lease agreements that expire at various dates through December 31, 2029.

                  The Group determines whether an arrangement constitutes a lease and records lease
                  liabilities and right-of-use assets (“ROU assets”) on its consolidated balance sheets at
                  the lease commencement date. The Group measures the operating lease liabilities at
                  the commencement date based on the present value of remaining lease payments over
                  the lease term, which is computed using the Group’s incremental borrowing rate, an
                  estimated rate the Group would be required to pay for a collateralized borrowing equal
                  to the total lease payments over the lease term. The Group measures the operating lease
                  ROU assets based on the corresponding lease liability adjusted for payments made to the
                  lessor at or before the commencement date, and initial direct costs it incurs under the
                  lease. The Group begins recognizing operating lease expense based on lease payments
                  on a straight-line basis over the lease term after the lessor makes the underlying asset
                  available to the Group. Some of the Group’s lease contracts include options to extend the
                  leases for an additional period which have to be agreed with the lessors based on mutual
                  negotiation. After considering the factors that create an economic incentive, the Group
                  does not include renewal option periods in the lease term for which it is not reasonably
                  certain to exercise.

                  Modification to existing lease agreements, including changes to the lease term or
                  payment amounts, are reviewed to determine whether they result in a separate contract.
                  For modifications that do not result in a separate contract, the Group reviews the lease
                  classification and re-measures the related ROU assets and lease liabilities at the effective
                  date of the modification. If the carrying amount of the ROU asset is reduced to zero, the
                  Group will recognize the remaining amount of the remeasurement as operating expenses
                  in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income.

                 Comprehensive (loss) income

                  Comprehensive (loss) income is defined as the change in equity of the Group during
                  a period arising from transactions and other events and circumstances excluding
                  transactions resulting from investments by shareholders and distributions to shareholders.
                  Comprehensive (loss) income is reported in the consolidated statements of operations
                  and comprehensive (loss) income. Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, as
                  presented on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets consists of accumulated
                  foreign currency translation adjustments.
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       117




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          Segment

          The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Scientist and Chief Technology Officer (collectively
          referred to the “founders”) are identified as the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”).

          The Group operates in one operating segment, which includes all activities related to the
          development, manufacturing, and delivery of LiDAR products. The determination of one
          single operating segment is consistent with the information presented in consolidated
          financial information regularly provided to the Group’s CODM.

          As a single reportable segment entity, segment asset information is not used by the
          CODM to allocate resources. The measure used by CODM to assess performance and
          make operating decisions is net (loss) income as reported on the Group’s consolidated
          statements of operations. The CODM uses performance measure to monitor budget
          versus actual results. See Note 19 for a description of the Group’s disaggregated
          revenues by product line and geographic location.

          Further, the CODM reviews and utilizes cost of revenues which are presented in
          the Group’s consolidated statements to manage the Group’s operation. Additional
          disaggregated significant segment expenses that are not separately presented on the
          Group’s consolidated statements of operations, are presented below for disaggregated
          payroll expenses recorded in sales and marketing expenses, general and administrative
          expenses and research and development expenses which are independently reviewed by
          our CODM.
118        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      2.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Segment (Continued)

                  The following table presents the significant segment expenses and other segment items
                  regularly reviewed by the CODM:

                                                                       For the Year ended December 31,
                                                                          2023          2024           2025
                                                                          RMB            RMB           RMB

                  Net Revenues                                       1,876,989        2,077,157        3,027,573
                  Less:
                    Cost of revenues                                  1,215,611        1,192,572       1,762,477
                    Payroll expenses in sales and marketing
                      expenses*                                        104,462          124,548           136,417
                    Payroll expenses in general and
                      administrative expenses                          175,600          146,239           138,176
                    Payroll expenses in research and
                      development expenses                             592,223          594,567          562,047
                    Other segment items**                              265,061          121,607           (7,424)

                  Net (loss) income                                   (475,968)        (102,376)         435,880

                  *    Payroll expenses mainly consist of salaries, bonus, defined contribution plans, other social
                       insurances, share-based compensation and other employee benefits.

                  **   Other segment items primarily include other operating income, net, interest income, interest
                       expenses and other (loss) income, net as reported in Group’s consolidated statements of
                       operations and professional service expenses.

                  The following tables represent property and equipment, net, intangible assets, net,
                  operating lease right-of-use assets, and land use rights, net by geographical region.

                                                                                       As of December 31,
                                                                                          2024          2025

                  Chinese Mainland                                                    1,082,352         1,232,831
                  Thailand                                                               40,555            57,165
                  Switzerland                                                            46,967            44,938
                  United States                                                           4,247             7,156
                  Other regions                                                             790             1,033

                  Total                                                                1,174,911        1,343,123
                                                                                    HESAI GROUP       119




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          Concentration of risks

          Concentration of credit risk

          Financial instruments that potentially expose the Group to concentration of credit risk
          consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, long-term
          investments, accounts receivable, contract assets, and prepayments and other current
          assets.

          The Group places its cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term
          investments in various financial institutions in the PRC, Hong Kong, and Singapore. The
          Group believes that no significant credit risk exists as all of the Group’s cash and cash
          equivalents are held with financial institutions that Group’s management assessment to
          be high credit quality.

          Accounts receivable and contract assets are typically unsecured and are derived from
          revenue earned from the customers. The Group conducts credit evaluations of customers
          to whom credit terms are extended. The Group establishes an allowance for credit losses
          based on CECL model developed by the Group, which considers historical collection
          experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, current economic conditions,
          reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, and other factors
          that may affect its ability to collect from customers.

          Prepayments and other current assets mainly consist of deposits of rent, and prepaid
          expenses, which can be applied for deduction of future payments for expenses. The
          Group has no significant concentration of credit risk with respect to its prepayments and
          other current assets.
120        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      2.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Concentration of risks (Continued)

                 Concentration of customers

                  The following customers accounted for 10% or more of revenue for the years ended
                  December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025:

                                                                 For the Year ended December 31,
                                                                    2023          2024           2025

                  Customer A                                       25.6%          33.7%           14.7%
                  Customer B                                       28.4%              *                *
                  Customer C                                           *          14.1%            17.1%
                  Customer D                                           *              *           10.0%

                  The following customers accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s accounts receivable,
                  contract assets and notes receivable as of December 31, 2024 and 2025:

                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                                   2024          2025

                  Customer A                                                      23.5%               *
                  Customer C                                                      16.8%           12.5%
                  Customer D                                                      11.8%           16.3%

                 Concentration of suppliers

                  The Group does not have suppliers accounted for 10% or more of purchases for the years
                  ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.
                                                                                       HESAI GROUP      121




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          Foreign currency risk

          A significant portion of Group’s cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and
          long-term investments are denominated in US$, fluctuations in exchange rates between
          US$ and RMB may result in foreign exchange gains or losses. The value of US$ is subject
          to changes in central government policies and to international economic and political
          developments affecting supply and demand in the China Foreign Exchange Trading
          System market. The Group has cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments
          and long-term investments that are denominated in US$, totaling US$295,881 and
          US$962,438 as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

          Auditors’ remuneration

          Auditors’ remuneration is recorded under general and administrative expenses. A
          breakdown of the remuneration by categories for the years ended December 31, 2023,
          2024 and 2025 is set out below:

                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                               2023         2024               2025

          Audit fees                                         13,198           13,923         17,493
          All other fees                                         68               10             16

          “All other fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for
          professional services rendered by our principal auditors associated with certain permitted
          tax services. “Audit fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years
          listed for professional services rendered by our principal auditors for the audit of our
          annual financial statements and assistance with and review of documents filed or
          furnished with the SEC and other regulators, including the audit fees relating to the
          Group’s global offering in connection with the Hong Kong listing in 2025.

          Recent issued accounting pronouncements adopted during the period:

          In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09 Income Taxes (Topic 740)
          Improvements to Income Tax Disclosure (“ASU 2023-09”). The ASU requires disclosure
          of additional information in tax rate reconciliation table about federal, state and foreign
          income taxes and to provide more details about the reconciling items in some categories.
          Further, the ASU requires certain disclosures of income taxes paid (net of refunds
          received) for each annual period presented, disaggregated by domestic federal, domestic
          state and foreign. The amendments in this ASU are required to be adopted for fiscal
          years beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company adopted ASU 2023-09 on a
          prospective basis during the year ended December 31, 2025, which resulted in updated
          income tax disclosures. See Note 21 in the accompanying notes to the consolidated
          financial statements for further details.
122        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      2.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

             2.2 Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Recent issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted:

                  In July 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-05, Financial Instruments – Credit Losses
                  (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets.
                  The amendments in this update provide a practical expedient permitting an entity to
                  assume that conditions at the balance sheet date remain unchanged over the life of the
                  asset when estimating expected credit losses for current classified accounts receivable
                  and contract assets. This update is effective for annual periods beginning after December
                  15, 2025, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Adoption of this ASU can
                  be applied prospectively for reporting periods after its effective date. Early adoption is
                  permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the provisions of this ASU.

                  In September 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-06, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other
                  – Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting
                  for Internal-Use Software. The ASU simplifies the capitalization guidance by removing
                  all references to prescriptive and sequential software development stages (referred
                  to as “project stages”) throughout ASC 350-40. The ASU is effective for annual
                  periods beginning after December 15, 2027, and interim periods within those fiscal
                  years. Adoption of this ASU can be applied prospectively for reporting periods after its
                  effective date; or follow a modified transition approach that is based on the status of
                  the respective projects and whether software costs were capitalized before the date
                  of adoption; or retrospectively to any or all prior periods presented in the consolidated
                  financial statements. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
                  the provisions of this ASU.

                  In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-10, Government Grants (Topic 832):
                  Accounting for Government Grants Received by Business Entities. The ASU establishes
                  authoritative guidance in GAAP about accounting for government grants received by
                  business entities, clarifies the appropriate accounting, in an effort to reduce diversity
                  in practice, and increase consistency of application across business entities. The ASU is
                  effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2028, and interim
                  reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Adoption of this ASU can be
                  applied a modified prospective approach, a modified retrospective approach, or a
                  retrospective approach. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
                  the provisions of this ASU.

                 Convenience translation

                  The Group’s business is primarily conducted in Chinese Mainland and most of its revenues
                  are denominated in RMB. However, periodic reports made to shareholders will include
                  current period amounts translated into US$ using the then current exchange rates, for
                  the convenience of the readers. Translations of balances in the consolidated balance
                  sheet, consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss and consolidated
                  statement of cash flows from RMB into US$ as of and for the year ended December 31,
                  2025 are solely for the convenience of the readers and were calculated at the rate of
                  US$1.00=RMB6.9931 representing the noon buying rate set forth in the H.10 statistical
                  release of the United States as of December 31, 2025.
                                                                                        HESAI GROUP    123




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




3.   SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS

     The following table summarizes the Group’s balances of short-term investments:

                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                             2024          2025
                                                                              RMB           RMB

     Structured bank financial products                                       362,195        220,877
     Time deposit                                                                   –      2,870,979

     Total short-term investments                                             362,195      3,091,856

4.   NOTES RECEIVABLE

     Notes receivable consisted of bank acceptance notes of RMB22,341 and RMB94,697 received
     from the Group’s customers as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. These notes
     within 6 months maturity dates were issued by customers to pay their payable balances to the
     Group. No credit loss was recognized for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2025.

     The following is an aged analysis of notes receivable presented based on dates of delivery of
     goods/rendering of services.

                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                             2024          2025
                                                                              RMB           RMB

     Within 3 months                                                            6,960         39,444
     4 to 6 months                                                             15,381         55,253

     Total                                                                     22,341         94,697
124        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      5.     ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET

             Accounts receivable and expected credit losses, as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 are as
             follows:

                                                                                   As of December 31,
                                                                                      2024          2025
                                                                                       RMB           RMB

             Accounts receivable                                                    819,999       1,342,172
             Less: allowance for expected credit losses                             (54,972)        (79,952)

             Total accounts receivable, net                                         765,027       1,262,220

             The following is an aged analysis of accounts receivable presented based on dates of delivery
             of goods/rendering of services.

                                                                                   As of December 31,
                                                                                      2024          2025
                                                                                       RMB           RMB

             Within 6 months                                                        757,045       1,215,057
             7 months to 1 year                                                      41,483          53,251
             1 to 2 years                                                            19,006          18,614
             Over 2 years                                                             2,465          55,250

                                                                                    819,999       1,342,172

             Less: allowance for expected credit losses                             (54,972)        (79,952)

             Balance at end of year                                                 765,027       1,262,220

             The roll-forward of the allowance for credit losses related to accounts receivable for the years
             ended December 31, 2024 and 2025 consists of the following activity:

                                                                                   For the Year ended
                                                                                      December 31,
                                                                                      2024           2025
                                                                                       RMB           RMB

             Balance at beginning of year                                            49,132          54,972
             Provision for expected credit losses                                     5,840          24,980

             Balance at end of year                                                  54,972          79,952
                                                                                        HESAI GROUP     125




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




6.   INVENTORIES

                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                             2024          2025
                                                                              RMB           RMB

     Raw materials                                                            191,578        183,056
     Work-in-process                                                          225,726        310,477
     Finished goods                                                            64,833        176,920

     Inventories                                                              482,137        670,453

     Inventory write-down was RMB2,222 and RMB39,850, respectively, for the years ended
     December 31, 2024 and 2025.

7.   PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

     Prepayments and other current assets, as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 were as follows:

                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                             2024          2025
                                                                              RMB           RMB

     Advances to suppliers                                                    112,385        158,519
     Deposits                                                                  11,033           9,993
     Prepaid expenses                                                          23,076          11,436
     Value-added tax recoverable                                               28,468         80,339
     Others                                                                    18,486         22,144

     Total                                                                    193,448        282,431
126        2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      8.     PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET

             Property and equipment, as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                As of December 31,
                                                                                   2024          2025
                                                                                    RMB           RMB

             Cost
             Land                                                                 39,312        42,439
             Buildings                                                          342,673        342,706
             Electronic equipment                                                139,418       173,819
             Leasehold improvements                                               81,431       112,866
             Machinery and equipment                                            350,483        533,554
             Furniture and fixture                                              193,190        193,318
             Transportation vehicles                                               6,487         8,158

             Total cost                                                        1,152,994     1,406,860
             Less: accumulated depreciation                                     (274,177)      (363,172)
             Less: impairment provision                                                –        (21,845)

             Property and equipment, net                                        878,817       1,021,843
             Construction in Progress                                            65,401          77,440

             Total                                                              944,218      1,099,283

             Construction in progress as of December 31, 2025 represents the Group’s renovation and
             upgrade of certain production lines in Hertz factory. Depreciation expenses were RMB77,701,
             RMB116,953 and RMB103,250 for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025,
             respectively. The Group recorded impairment provision of RMB21,845 for fixed assets with
             no use value due to project termination in other operating income, net for the year ended
             December 31, 2025.
                                                                                         HESAI GROUP    127




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




9.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET

     Intangible assets, as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 are as follows:

                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                              2024          2025
                                                                               RMB           RMB

     Software                                                                 53,750           82,015
     Technology                                                               61,445           71,809

     Total cost                                                               115,195         153,824
     Less: Accumulated amortization                                           (38,641)        (58,317)

     Intangible assets, net                                                   76,554           95,507

     Amortization expenses related to intangible assets were RMB7,704, RMB13,993 and RMB19,676
     for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

     The estimated amortization expenses for each of the five succeeding fiscal years and
     thereafter are as follows:

                                                                                         Years ending
                                                                                         December 31,
                                                                                                 RMB

     2026                                                                                      14,578
     2027                                                                                      13,741
     2028                                                                                      11,849
     2029                                                                                       9,791
     2030 and years after                                                                      45,548

     Total                                                                                     95,507
128     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      10. LAND-USE RIGHTS, NET

            In March 2021, the Group acquired a land-use right at a total cost of RMB43,188 for
            approximately 26,615 square meters of land in Shanghai, the PRC for the construction of a
            factory. According to the land-use rights policy in the PRC, the Group has a 50-year use right
            over the land, and it is amortized over this period on a straight-line basis. The Group recorded
            amortization expenses of RMB863, RMB863, and RMB863 for the years ended December 31,
            2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The remaining lease term was 45.19 years as of December
            31, 2025.

      11.   LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS

                                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                                     2024          2025
                                                                                      RMB           RMB

            Investments in equity securities without readily
              determinable fair value                                               30,000          30,000
            Investments in equity method investee                                     1,798              –
            Time deposit                                                                  –      2,751,670

            Total                                                                   31,798       2,781,670

      12. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

            Other non-current assets as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                                     2024          2025
                                                                                      RMB           RMB

            Prepayments for purchase of property and equipment                      89,847          53,502
            Demonstration fleet                                                      3,521           3,266
            Long-term deposits                                                        6,111          7,829
            Others                                                                     767           2,725

            Other non-current assets                                               100,246          67,322

            Long-term deposits mainly consist of rental deposit for offices and production capacity which
            will not be collectible within one year.
                                                                                        HESAI GROUP    129




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




13. BORROWINGS

     The short-term and long-term borrowings as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 were as follows:

                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                             2024          2025
                                                                              RMB           RMB

     Short-term borrowings:
       Short-term bank borrowings                                             148,800         51,776
       Secured bank borrowings related to discounted
         notes receivable                                                     80,000        280,000
       Long-term bank borrowings, current portion                             116,453        116,457

     Total                                                                    345,253        448,233

     Long-term borrowings:
       Long-term bank borrowings                                              269,438        278,727

     Short-term bank borrowings

     In December 2023, Shanghai Hesai entered into a short-term bank credit facility agreement
     for up to RMB500,000 with an annual interest rate of China’s one-year loan prime rate (“LPR”)
     minus 80 bps. The facility of RMB500,000 will expire on December 12, 2024. During the year
     ended December 31, 2024, the Group drew down RMB154,800 with an annual interest rate
     range from 2.65% to 2.70%. The maturity dates ranged from January 31, 2025 to February 6,
     2025. During the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2025, the Group repaid RMB6,000 and
     RMB148,800, respectively. The outstanding balance were RMB148,800 and nil as of December
     31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The weighted average interest rate on borrowings under this
     agreement in 2024 and 2025 was 2.70% and 2.30%, respectively.

     In November 2024, Shanghai Hesai entered into a short-term bank facility agreement for up
     to RMB500,000 with an annual interest rate of China’s one-year LPR minus 90 bps, which will
     expire on November 19, 2027. In November 2025, the company updated the terms of the new
     facility agreement for up to RMB700,000, which will expire on November 19, 2028. During
     the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group drew down RMB26,136 with an annual interest
     of 2.20%. The maturity dates ranged from February 27 to March 4, 2026. The outstanding
     balance were nil, and RMB26,136 as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

     In January 2025, Shanghai Hesai entered into a short-term bank facility agreement for up to
     RMB200,000 with an annual interest rate of China’s one-year LPR minus 91 bps. The facility
     of RMB200,000 will expire on October 27, 2025. During the year ended December 31, 2025,
     the Group drew down RMB25,640 with an annual interest of 2.19% and a maturity date of
     March 6, 2026. The outstanding balance was RMB25,640 as of December 31, 2025.

     The Group has RMB848,224 unused short-term bank facility as of December 31, 2025.
130    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      13. BORROWINGS (Continued)

         Secured bank borrowings related to discounted notes receivable

         In February, June and December 2025, the Group factored certain intercompany notes
         receivable with a total face value of RMB280,000 to several domestic banks for total
         proceeds of RMB276,146 at effective interest rates ranging from 1.35% to 2.34%. As these
         factoring of notes receivables was with recourse, the transactions did not qualify as a transfer
         of financial assets and were recognized as secured bank borrowings included in short-term
         borrowings. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group repaid RMB80,000. The
         total intercompany notes receivable pledged for secured bank borrowings was RMB80,000 and
         RMB280,000 as of December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

         Long-term bank borrowings

         In November 2022, Shanghai Hesai entered into a two-year facility of RMB700,000 with an
         annual interest rate of China’s LPR minus 100 bps. The facility was expire on December 4,
         2024. The usage of credit facility is restricted to the purchasing of property and equipment for
         the production facility under construction in Jiading, Shanghai. The credit facility is secured by
         Shanghai Hesai’s land-use rights and new research, development and intelligent manufacturing
         center with a total book value of RMB362,033 as of December 31, 2025. During the year
         ended December 31, 2024, Shanghai Hesai drew down RMB18,570. As of December 31, 2024,
         the outstanding balance was RMB298,387 of which RMB89,516 will be repaid within one year
         and had been reclassified to short-term borrowings. As of December 31, 2025, the outstanding
         balance was RMB208,871 of which RMB89,516 will be repaid within one year and had been
         reclassified to short-term borrowings. The weighted average interest rate on borrowings under
         this agreement in 2024 and 2025 was 2.65% and 2.30%, respectively. The maturity dates of
         the remaining long-term portion ranged from June 4, 2025 to December 3, 2027.

         In October 2023, Zhejiang Hertz entered into a one-year facility of RMB110,000 with an
         annual interest rate of China’s LPR minus 60 bps. The facility was expire on October 17, 2024.
         The usage of credit facility is restricted to the purchasing of property and equipment for Hertz
         factory in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, the borrowing was guaranteed by Shanghai Hesai. During
         the year ended December 31, 2024, Zhejiang Hertz drew RMB70,069 and repaid RMB21,542.
         During the year ended December 31, 2025, Zhejiang Hertz drew nil and repaid RMB26,933. As
         of December 31, 2024, the outstanding balance was RMB53,874 of which RMB26,937 will be
         repaid within one year and had been reclassified to short-term borrowings. As of December 31,
         2025, the outstanding balance was RMB26,941 of which RMB26,941 will be repaid within one
         year and had been reclassified to short-term borrowings. The weighted average interest rate
         on borrowings under this agreement in 2024 and 2025 was 2.83% and 2.85%, respectively.
         The maturity dates of the remaining long-term portion ranged from April 17, 2025 to October
         17, 2026.
                                                                                        HESAI GROUP     131




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




13. BORROWINGS (Continued)

     Long-term bank borrowings (Continued)

     In September 2024, Zhejiang Hertz entered into a five-year facility of RMB150,000 with a
     fixed annual interest rate of 2.50% per annum. The facility will expire on September 17, 2029.
     The usage of credit facility is restricted to the purchasing of property and equipment for Hertz
     factory in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, the borrowing was guaranteed by Shanghai Hesai. During
     the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2025, Zhejiang Hertz drew down RMB31,637 and
     RMB118,363, respectively. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the outstanding balance was
     RMB31,637 and RMB150,000, respectively.

     In November 2025, Zhejiang Hertz entered into a five-year facility of RMB70,000 with a fixed
     annual interest rate of 2.51% per annum. The facility will expire on November 3, 2030. The
     usage of credit facility is restricted to the purchasing of property and equipment for Hertz
     factory in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, the borrowing was guaranteed by Shanghai Hesai. During the
     year ended December 31, 2025, Zhejiang Hertz drew down RMB9,372. As of December 31,
     2025, the outstanding balance was RMB9,372.

     In December 2023, the Group acquired a Swiss company and assumed the long-term
     borrowings of CHF299 (equivalent to RMB2,516) the Swiss company borrowed in 2020, which
     will mature in 2030. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group repaid CHF50. As
     of December 31, 2024, the outstanding balance was CHF249 (equivalent to RMB1,993), which
     was repaid in 2025.

     The Group has RMB143,687 unused long-term bank facility as of December 31, 2025. The
     principal maturities of the long-term borrowings as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 are as
     follows:

                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                              2024          2025
                                                                               RMB           RMB

     2026                                                                     116,453              –
     2027                                                                     119,355        119,355
     2028                                                                           –              –
     2029 and after                                                            33,630        159,372

     Total                                                                    269,438        278,727
132    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      14. NOTES PAYABLE

         The Group issued short-term notes payable to settle part of payments to the construction
         and raw material suppliers. As of December 31, 2024 and 2025, the remaining balance was
         RMB10,096 and RMB150,199, respectively.

      15. ACCOUNTS PAYABLE

         The following is an aged analysis of accounts payable presented based on invoice date.

                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                2024          2025
                                                                                 RMB           RMB

         Within 6 months                                                      344,802         591,757
         7 months to 1 year                                                         –               –
         1 to 2 years                                                               –             803
         Over 2 years                                                             209               –

         Total                                                                  345,011      592,560

         The average credit period on purchases of goods is 90 days.

      16. ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

         Accrued expenses and other current liabilities, as of December 31, 2024 and 2025 are as
         follows:

                                                                             As of December 31,
                                                                                2024          2025
                                                                                 RMB           RMB

         Salaries and welfare payables                                          232,927       252,773
         Payables for purchase of property and equipment                        124,333       108,404
         Accrued expenses                                                        111,877      162,930
         Current portion of operating lease liabilities                           16,103       36,764
         VAT and other tax payables                                              28,563         15,315
         Advances from employees                                                   2,923         2,309

         Total                                                                  516,726       578,495
                                                                                          HESAI GROUP    133




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




17. LEASES

     The Group has operating leases for offices and factories. The Group recognized ROU assets
     of RMB114,260 and RMB109,318 and corresponding current operating lease liabilities of
     RMB16,103 and RMB36,764 in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and long-term
     operating lease liabilities of RMB98,370 and RMB85,555, as of December 31, 2024 and 2025,
     respectively. The weighted average remaining lease term was approximately 3.56 years as of
     December 31, 2025, and the weighted average discount rate were 2.70% and 3.30% for the
     years ended December 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

     For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, operating lease expenses were
     RMB37,878, RMB39,517 and RMB27,322, respectively.

     The maturities of lease liabilities as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025 were as
     follows:

                                                                           As of December 31,
                                                                              2024          2025
                                                                               RMB           RMB

     2025                                                                     18,963                 –
     2026                                                                     24,672            39,630
     2027                                                                     24,672            35,568
     2028                                                                     27,139            30,423
     2029                                                                     27,139            22,313
     2030                                                                          –               335

     Total lease payment                                                      122,585          128,269
     Less: imputed interest                                                     (8,112)         (5,950)

     Present value of minimum operating lease payments                        114,473          122,319
     Less: Current operating lease liabilities                                (16,103)         (36,764)

     Long-term operating lease liabilities                                    98,370            85,555

     Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities for the
     years ended December 31, 2024 and 2025 were RMB35,900 and RMB19,494, respectively.
     Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for the operating lease liabilities in non-cash
     transactions for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2025 were nil and RMB48,262,
     respectively.

     Pursuant to the lease agreement dated in February 2025, the Group’s certain leased space
     was decreased, which led to partial termination of the lease contract. The difference between
     the decrease in the carrying amount of the lease liabilities and the proportionate decrease in
     the carrying amount of the right-of-use assets was recorded as deduction of operating lease
     expenses of RMB1,743 in consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss)
     income. The decrease of lease liabilities constituted a non-cash financing operating activity of
     RMB28,787.
134    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      18. ORDINARY SHARES

         Holders of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares of the Company have the same
         rights, except for voting rights. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to ten votes per
         share in all shareholders’ meetings, while holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one
         vote per share.

         In 2024, 17,474 Class A ordinary shares held by certain founders were sold to third party
         investors and converted into Class B ordinary shares.

         In March and December 2025, 2,500,000 and 1,000,000 Class B Ordinary Shares were issued,
         to the Company’s depositary bank, Deutsche Bank, reserved for future issuances of shares
         upon the exercises of share options or vesting of restricted shares under the 2021 share
         incentive plan (the “2021 Plan”). These shares are considered to be issued and not outstanding
         until such a time when the issuance occur for the exercise of share options or vesting of
         restricted shares.

         In the first quarter of 2025, 3,017,044 Class A Ordinary Shares held by certain founders were
         sold to third party investors and converted into Class B Ordinary Shares.

         In September 2025, the Group was listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
         through a global offering of 22,482,500 Class B ordinary shares.

      19. NET REVENUES

         The following table presents the Group’s net revenues for the years ended December 31,
         2023, 2024 and 2025.

                                                                 For the Year ended December 31,
                                                                    2023          2024           2025
                                                                    RMB            RMB           RMB

         Product revenues
           Revenue from LiDAR products                         1,735,254        1,946,775      2,973,340
           Other product revenues                                 29,636           19,259          9,579
         Service revenues
           Engineering design, development and
             validation service and solution revenue             100,493         100,290            36,118
           Other service revenues                                  11,606         10,833             8,536

         Total                                                 1,876,989        2,077,157       3,027,573
                                                                                        HESAI GROUP       135




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




19. NET REVENUES (Continued)

     The following table summarizes the Group’s revenues recognized at a point in time or over
     time.

                                                           For the Year ended December 31,
                                                              2023          2024           2025
                                                              RMB            RMB           RMB

     Revenue recognized at a point of time               1,783,803      2,038,302          3,023,288
     Revenue recognized over time                           93,186         38,855              4,285

     Total                                               1,876,989       2,077,157         3,027,573

     The following table summarizes the Group’s revenues disaggregated by the different
     geographic location.

                                                           For the Year ended December 31,
                                                              2023          2024           2025
                                                              RMB            RMB           RMB

     Revenue by geographic location
      Chinese Mainland                                     991,912       1,542,793         2,354,727
      North America                                        748,147         280,874           451,689
      Europe                                                70,500         161,095           140,002
      Other regions                                         66,430          92,395             81,155

     Total                                               1,876,989       2,077,157         3,027,573

     The movements of the Group’s accounts receivable and contract balances are as follows:

                                                         Accounts         Contract           Contract
                                                        Receivable          assets          liabilities
                                                              RMB             RMB                 RMB

     Opening Balance as of January 1, 2023                485,044             12,600          40,378
      Increase, net                                        39,774              7,088          39,547

     Ending Balance as of December 31, 2023               524,818             19,688           79,925
       Increase (decrease), net                           240,209             (9,779)         (46,931)

     Ending Balance as of December 31, 2024                765,027             9,909          32,994
       Increase (decrease), net                            497,193            (9,909)         (11,975)

     Ending Balance as of December 31, 2025             1,262,220                  –           21,019

     Revenues at amount of RMB37,111, RMB72,585, and RMB29,964 were recognized in the years
     ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, that were included in the balance of
     contract liabilities at the beginning of each year.
136    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      20. OTHER OPERATING INCOME, NET

         The following table presents the Group’s other operating income, net for the years ended
         December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                                                               For the year ended December 31,
                                                                 2023           2024           2025
                                                                  RMB            RMB           RMB

         Project-based termination related gain                      –          203,319             –
         Government grants                                      14,280           71,174       143,409
         Arbitration compensation                                    –                –        45,212
         Gain from disposing of subsidiary                       6,129                –             –
         Gain from transfer of an intellectual
           property (Note 23(b))                                  6,111               –         36,967
         Others                                                       –           1,600        (44,173)

         Total                                                  26,520        276,093          181,415

         In October 2024, the Group received a one-off project-based payment of US$28,754
         (equivalent to RMB203,319) from a leading global OEM headquartered in the United States (the
         “OEM customer”). This payment was intended to compensate the Group for the investments in
         research and development, as well as the actual costs of work-in-progress and raw materials
         incurred in connection with a contract with the OEM customer entered in March 2023. This
         contract, originally set to remain effective through December 2025, was terminated by the
         OEM customer due to the suspension of the project.

         Government grants mainly consist of the value-added tax exemption, operating subsidies and
         production line construction subsidies received from PRC local governments.

         On April 11, 2023, Ouster Inc. (“Ouster”) filed a complaint against the Group with the United
         States District Court for the District of Delaware (“Delaware Action”) for alleged patent
         infringement relating to the production, use, sale and/or importation of certain LiDAR systems
         and/or components thereof. On May 12, 2023, the Group filed a request for arbitration before
         Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services against Ouster. In March 2025, the District Court
         of Delaware dismissed Ouster’s complaint without any conditions, financial settlement or
         injunctive relief imposed. On September 15, 2025, the arbitral tribunal issued a confidential
         final decision confirming its interim decision and awarding the Group US$6,333 (equivalent to
         RMB45,212) in costs and fees, which the Group received from Ouster during the fourth quarter
         of 2025.
                                                                                        HESAI GROUP       137




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




21. INCOME TAXES

     United States

     The applicable income tax rate of United States where the Company’s subsidiaries having
     significant operations for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 is 27.98%,
     which is a blended state and federal rate.

     Chinese Mainland

     The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (“EIT Law”), which became effective on January 1,
     2008, applies a uniform enterprise income tax (“EIT”) rate of 25% to both foreign-invested
     enterprises (“FIEs”) and domestic enterprises. Certified High and New Technology Enterprises
     (“HNTE”) are entitled to a favorable statutory tax rate of 15%, but need to re-apply every
     three years. During this three-year period, an HNTE must conduct a qualification self-review
     each year to ensure it meets the HNTE criteria and is eligible for the 15% preferential tax rate
     for that year. If an HNTE fails to meet the criteria for qualification as an HNTE in any year, the
     enterprise cannot enjoy the 15% preferential tax rate in that year and must instead use the
     regular 25% EIT rate.

     Shanghai Hesai applied for the HNTE qualification and received approval in December 2019,
     and such qualification was renewed in November 2022 for 2022 to 2024, and renewed
     in December 2025 for 2025 to 2027. Shanghai Hesai is entitled to continue to enjoy the
     beneficial tax rate of 15% as an HNTE for the years ended December 2025, 2026 and 2027.
     Zhejiang Hertz applied for the HNTE qualification in December 2024 and is entitled to enjoy
     the beneficial tax rate of 15% as an HNTE for the years ended December 2024, 2025 and
     2026. While Shanghai Hesai and Zhejiang Hertz are in accumulated tax loss status as of
     December 31, 2025, the aforesaid tax benefits are not utilized.

     According to relevant laws and regulations promulgated by the State Administration of Tax of
     the PRC, enterprises engaging in research and developing activities are entitled to claim 200%
     of their qualified research and development expenses so incurred as tax deductible expenses
     when determining their assessable profits for 2021 and after (“Super Deduction”) when
     enterprise engage in manufacturing business. The additional deduction of qualified research
     and development expenses can only be claimed directly in the annual EIT filing and subject to
     the approval from the relevant tax authorities.
138    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      21. INCOME TAXES (Continued)

          Withholding tax on undistributed dividends

          Under the EIT Law enacted by the National People’s Congress of the PRC, dividends generated
          after January 1, 2008 and payable by a foreign investment enterprise in the PRC to its foreign
          investors who are non-resident enterprises are subject to a 10% withholding tax, unless any
          such foreign investor’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with the PRC that provides
          for a different withholding arrangement.

          In accordance with accounting guidance, all undistributed earnings are presumed to be
          transferred to the parent company and are subject to the withholding taxes. All FIEs are
          subject to the withholding tax from January 1, 2008. The presumption may be overcome if
          the Group has sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the undistributed dividends will be
          re-invested and the remittance of the dividends will be postponed indefinitely. The Group did
          not record any dividend withholding tax, as it has no retained earnings for any of the years
          presented.

          The EIT Law also provides that an enterprise established under the laws of a foreign country
          or region but whose “de facto management body” is located in the PRC be treated as a
          resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes and consequently be subject to the PRC income
          tax at the rate of 25% for its global income. The Implementing Rules of the EIT Law merely
          define the location of the “de facto management body” as “the place where the exercising, in
          substance, of the overall management and control of the production and business operation,
          personnel, accounting, properties, etc., of a non-PRC company is located”. Based on a review
          of surrounding facts and circumstances, the Group does not believe that it is likely that its
          operations outside of the PRC will be considered a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes.
          However, due to limited guidance and implementation history of the EIT Law, there is
          uncertainty as to the application of the EIT Law. Should any of the Group’s operations outside
          of the PRC be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes, such operations will be
          subject to PRC income tax on worldwide income at a uniform tax rate of 25%. The Company is
          not subject to any other uncertain tax position.
                                                                                         HESAI GROUP    139




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




21. INCOME TAXES (Continued)

     The current and deferred portion of income tax expenses included in the consolidated
     statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income are as follows:

                                                           For the Year ended December 31,
                                                              2023          2024           2025
                                                              RMB            RMB           RMB

     Current tax expenses                                         13            1,130          30,835
     Deferred tax expenses                                       645                –               –

     Income tax expenses                                         658            1,130          30,835

     Net (loss) income before income tax by tax jurisdiction:

                                                           For the Year ended December 31,
                                                              2023          2024           2025
                                                              RMB            RMB           RMB

     Net (loss) income before income tax from
      Chinese Mainland operations                         (480,479)           (25,325)        237,462
     Net income (loss) before income tax from
      operations in other tax jurisdictions                     5,169         (75,921)        229,253

     Total net (loss) income before income tax             (475,310)      (101,246)           466,715

     The country of domicile is determined to be Chinese Mainland, as the Group’s primary place
     of business, headquarters, and core operational activities are all situated within Chinese
     Mainland.
140    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      21. INCOME TAXES (Continued)

          Upon adoption of ASU 2023-09, as described in Note 2, a reconciliation between the effective
          income tax rate and the PRC statutory income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2025
          is as follows:

                                                                             For the Year ended
                                                                                December 31,
                                                                                    2025
                                                                             Amount         Percent

          Net income before income tax                                        466,715        100.00%
          Statutory income tax rate                                           116,679         25.00%
          Foreign tax effects
            Cayman
              Statutory tax rate difference between Cayman
                 and Chinese Mainland                                         (29,058)        (6.23)%
            The British Virgin Islands (“BVI”)
              Statutory tax rate difference between BVI
                 and Chinese Mainland                                           (43,662)      (9.36)%
            United States
              Statutory tax rate difference between United States
                 and Chinese Mainland                                              (931)      (0.20)%
              Changes in valuation allowance                                      7,801         1.67%
            Other foreign jurisdictions                                          13,884         2.98%
          Effect of cross-border tax laws                                        27,517         5.90%
          Non-taxable or non-deductible items
            Share-based compensation                                             28,663         6.14%
            Others                                                                  467         0.10%
          Effect of super deduction on R&D expenses                             (83,973)     (17.99)%
          Effect of 15% preferential tax rate as an HNTE                        (50,776)     (10.88)%
          Changes in valuation allowances                                        44,224         9.48%

          Income tax expenses                                                   30,835          6.61%
                                                                                        HESAI GROUP       141




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




21. INCOME TAXES (Continued)

     Reconciliations between the effective income tax rate and the PRC statutory income tax rate
     for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024 in accordance with the guidance prior to
     the adoption of ASU 2023-09 are as follows:

                                                                     For the Year ended December
                                                                                  31,
                                                                              2023          2024

     Statutory income tax rate                                             25.00%              25.00%
     Effect of different tax rate of different jurisdictions               (0.79)%              8.00%
     Non-deductible expenses                                              (12.42)%            (17.37)%
     Effect of super deduction on R&D expenses                              37.21%            105.66%
     Tax-free income                                                         0.32%              0.38%
     Effect of change of valuation allowance                              (49.46)%          (122.79)%

     Income tax expenses                                                      (0.14)%         (1.12)%

     Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                                             2024          2025
                                                                              RMB           RMB

     Deferred tax assets
      – Net operating loss carry forwards                                     712,079        722,225
      – Deductible temporary differences                                       79,736        116,857
      – Deferred revenue                                                       15,283         24,412

     Less: valuation allowance                                            (807,098)         (863,494)

     Net deferred tax assets                                                       –                  –
142    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      21. INCOME TAXES (Continued)

          Movement of valuation allowance

          Movement of valuation allowance is as follows:

                                                                For the Year ended December 31,
                                                                   2023          2024           2025
                                                                   RMB            RMB           RMB

          Balance at beginning of the year                     410,857          639,234        807,098
          Addition                                             228,377          167,864         56,396

          Total                                                639,234         807,098         863,494

          For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the Group had net operating
          loss carry forwards of approximately RMB2,221,545, RMB2,883,551 and RMB2,920,820,
          respectively, which mainly arose from the subsidiaries established in the PRC and United
          States. The loss carry forwards will expire during the period from 2025 to 2034, while
          the federal losses carry forwards for US entities do not expire and can be carried forward
          indefinitely. The Group had provided a full valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets as
          of December 31, 2024, and 2025, as management determined that deferred tax assets were
          not more likely than not to be realizable in future tax years based on all available evidence.

      22. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

          Employee share options

          On March 10, April 22, May 26, August 14, and August 29, 2025 under the 2021 Plan, the
          Company granted 1,572,958 share options to certain employees, the vesting schedule of the
          awards include:

          1)   Twenty-five percent (25%) of the 1,528,797 options to be vested on each of the first,
               second, third and fourth anniversaries of the vesting commencement date.

          2)   One forty-eighth (1/48) of the 44,161 options to be vested on each calendar month,
               from the first full calendar month following the vesting commencement date though the
               forty-eighth (48th) month.
                                                                                      HESAI GROUP     143




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




22. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

     Employee share options (Continued)

     The binomial option pricing model was applied in determining the estimated fair value of the
     options granted. The model requires the input of subjective assumptions. The following table
     presents the assumptions used to estimate the fair values of the share options granted for the
     years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025:

                                                           For the year ended December 31,
                                                             2023           2024           2025

     Expected volatility                                 82.00% –        84.00% –        99.00% –
                                                           85.00%          89.00%         103.00%
     Risk-free interest rate (per annum)                   3.57% –         3.74% –         3.92% –
                                                             4.47%           4.50%           4.22%
     Expected dividend yield                                0.00%            0.00%           0.00%
     Employee forfeiture rate (per annum)                 2.40% –          7.50% –        14.20% –
                                                             7.50%          13.30%          15.63%
     Exercise multiples                                        2.50            2.50            2.50
     Expected term                                             7.00            7.00            7.00
     Fair value of underlying ordinary share             US$7.95 –       US$3.62 –      US$13.09 –
       (per share)                                            15.47            5.06           25.77
     Fair value of awards on valuation date              US$5.38 –       US$3.11 –      US$11.65 –
                                                              10.51            4.74           23.23

     1)   Expected volatility

          Expected volatility was estimated based on historical volatility of the Company for the
          period before the valuation date with length commensurate to contractual life of the
          share options.

     2)   Risk-free interest rate (per annum)

          Risk-free interest rate was estimated based on the US Government Bond around the
          valuation date.

     3)   Expected dividend yield

          The dividend yield was estimated as zero based on the plan to retain profit for corporate
          expansion and no dividend will be distributed in the near future.
144    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      22. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

         Employee share options (Continued)

         4)   Employee forfeiture rate (per annum)

              Employee forfeiture rate was estimated by the management using employee resignation
              statistics.

         5)   Exercise multiple

              Assumption on exercise multiple is made with reference to academic research.

         6)   Expected term

              The expected term was the life of options extracted from option agreements.

              The following table summarizes the activities of the Group’s share options classified as
              equity for the year ended December 31, 2025:

                                                                Weighted     Weighted        Weighted
                                                                 average       average        average     Aggregate
                                                    Number of    exercise   grant date      remaining       intrinsic
                                                      options       price    fair value   contract life        value
                                                                    RMB            RMB          Years           RMB

              Outstanding at December 31, 2024      9,917,509      11.52         42.10            5.41      887,259
              Granted                               1,572,958      23.37        105.26
              Forfeited                               582,202      11.87
              Exercised                             2,344,406      15.16                                    220,332

              Outstanding at December 31, 2025      8,563,859       12.71        50.47            4.96      819,816

              Vested and expected to vest as of
                December 31, 2025                   8,563,859       12.71        50.47            4.96      819,816
              Exercisable as of December 31, 2025   2,637,397       17.12        56.17            3.42      247,471

              The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the years 2023,
              2024, and 2025 was RMB55.08, RMB25.34, and RMB105.26, respectively. The total
              intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024,
              and 2025, was RMB74,380, RMB370,257 and RMB220,332 respectively.

              Total compensation expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024,
              and 2025 was RMB228,312, RMB109,391 and RMB106,452, respectively.

              As of December 31, 2025, there was RMB239,216 of unrecognized compensation
              expenses, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.86
              years.
                                                                                        HESAI GROUP      145




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




22. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

     Restricted share units (“RSUs”)

     On February 7, March 10, April 22, August 29, November 12, 2025 under the 2021 Plan, the
     Company granted 338,340 RSUs to eligible management team, the vesting schedule of the
     awards include:

     1)   Fifty percent (50%) of the 17,858 RSUs to be vested on each of the first and second
          anniversaries of the vesting commencement date.

     2)   Twenty-five percent (25%) of the 310,115 RSUs to be vested on each of the first, second,
          third and fourth anniversaries of the vesting commencement date.

     3)   One eighth (1/8) of the 3,251 RSUs shall vest every six months from the vesting
          commencement date.

     4)   One-third (1/3) of the 7,116 RSUs shall vest on each of the first anniversary of the
          Vesting Commencement Date, September 8, 2027, and September 7, 2028.

     The following table summarizes the activities of the Group’s RSUs classified as equity for the
     year ended December 31, 2025:

                                                                                            Weighted
                                                                                              average
                                                                       Numbers of          grant date
                                                                            RSUs            fair value
                                                                                                  RMB

     Outstanding at January 1, 2025                                       550,347               38.25
     Granted                                                              338,340              149.68
     Forfeited                                                             58,524               62.31
     Vested                                                               158,550               45.22

     Outstanding at December 31, 2025                                         671,613           90.65

     The weighted-average grant-date fair value of share units granted during the years 2023,
     2024 and 2025 was RMB76.52, RMB31.22 and RMB149.68, respectively. The total intrinsic
     value of share units exercised during the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 was
     RMB2,252, RMB7,789 and RMB17,028. Total compensation expense recognized for the years
     ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 was RMB5,646, RMB6,673 and RMB8,200.

     As of December 31, 2025, there was RMB56,173 of unrecognized compensation expenses,
     which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.53 years.
146    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      22. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

         Tandem award

         In May 2022, the Company granted an employee with a share option award of 60,000 shares
         with a per share exercise price of US$18.65, which is based on the fair value of the ordinary
         share at the date of the grant. The options will vest ratably over a four-year period with
         25% vested every year. The option agreement includes a provision whereby the grantee can
         choose to receive cash payment at US$8 per share for any options that are vested but not
         exercised if his employment upon termination of employment when such grantee continuously
         work for the Group for four years. Exercise of share options cancels the cash award, and the
         cash redemption cancels all the vested share options. The Company considered this award as
         a combination grant of a cash settlement component with compensation cost measured based
         on the combined value.

         This tandem award was originally classified as liability. In April 2024, share options were
         exercised and converted into equity. Total compensation expense recognized for the years
         ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 was RMB666, nil and nil, respectively.

         Share-based compensation for all employee share options, restricted share units
         and tandem award

         The Group recorded share-based compensation expense of RMB234,624, RMB116,064 and
         RMB114,652 for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively, which
         were classified in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations as follows:

                                                              For the Year ended December 31,
                                                                 2023          2024           2025
                                                                 RMB            RMB           RMB

         Cost of revenues                                      16,245            6,932          9,408
         Sales and marketing expenses                          20,682           12,972        17,987
         General and administrative expenses                   63,326           27,776         18,164
         Research and development expenses                    134,371           68,384        69,093

         Total                                                234,624           116,064       114,652
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       147




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     Major related parties that transacted with the Group and their respective relationship to the
     Group listed as below:

     Name of the related parties                 Relationship

     Mr. Kai Sun                                 Founding Shareholder
     Mr. Yifan Li                                Founding Shareholder
     Mr. Shaoqing Xiang                          Founding Shareholder
     Mr. Minglie Hu                              Shareholder
     Mr. Min Ai                                  Shareholder
     Shanghai Leyi Technology L.P.               An affiliate of the shareholder of the Group
     Sharpa Group and its                        An associate of Founding Shareholders of
       subsidiaries (“Sharpa”)                     the Group

     (a) For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, significant related party
          transactions were as follows:

                                                             For year ended December 31,
                                                              2023          2024                2025
                                                              RMB            RMB                RMB

          Payment for equity acquisition
          Founding Shareholders and certain
            shareholders                                    17,506               –        292,721

          Total                                             17,506               –        292,721

                                                             For year ended December 31,
                                                              2023          2024                2025
                                                              RMB            RMB                RMB

          Subscription consideration received
            from shareholders
          Founding Shareholders and certain
            shareholders                                    17,506               –        292,721

          Total                                             17,506               –        292,721
148    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

         (b) Transaction with Sharpa

               In April 2025, the Company subscribed approximately 10% equity interest in an
               early-stage technological company, Sharpa, an associate of Founding Shareholders of
               the Group, for a cash consideration of US$13.9 million, equivalent to approximately
               RMB100,000. The Group recorded this investment in equity securities without readily
               determinable fair value. In August 2025, the Company indirectly transferred its
               entire equity interest in Sharpa to two independent third-party investors for a cash
               consideration of US$38.4 million, equivalent to RMB275,563. The net gain on the indirect
               disposal of Sharpa after deduction of the related taxes and expenses were approximately
               US$20.7 million, equivalent to RMB148,047, which was recorded in other income (loss),
               net.

               In May 2025, the Group entered into an intellectual property licensing and transfer
               agreement (the “IP Licensing and Transfer Agreement”) with Sharpa, pursuant to which
               (i) Sharpa agreed to acquire certain of the Group’s internally-generated know-how at
               a consideration of RMB36,967, which was determined based on the appraised value of
               such internally-generated know-how assessed by an independent third-party professional
               valuation firm, and (ii) the Group agreed to transfer such internally-generated know-how
               to Sharpa and grant to it licenses for the use for a period up to the completion of such
               acquisition. The transfer has been completed in August 2025, and the gain on the
               transfer was RMB36,967, which was recorded in other operating income, net.

               In December 2025, the Group entered into aforementioned property transfer agreements
               with Sharpa at total consideration of RMB4,018 based on net book value. The transfer
               was completed in the same month.

         (c)   Amounts due from related parties

               The amounts of RMB5,039 as of December 31, 2024 represents the proceeds receivable
               from an affiliate of the shareholder of the Group for exercises of employee share options
               which are non-trade in nature. The amounts have been settled as of December 31, 2025.
                                                                                        HESAI GROUP       149




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

     (d) Amounts due to related parties

                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                              2023         2024                 2025
                                                              RMB           RMB                 RMB

     Amounts due to related parties, net of
       allowance
     Founding Shareholders and certain
       shareholders                                       326,028             326,256                 –
     An affiliate of the shareholder of the Group          14,023               8,997                 –

     Total                                                 340,051            335,253                 –

     In May 2021, as an integrated step of the 2021 Reorganization, in order to comply with certain
     PRC foreign currency control rules and regulations, the Founding Shareholders and certain
     investors are in the process of applying for permissions to pay the subscription consideration
     to the Company. Once they obtained the approval to pay the subscription receivables at
     Cayman Company level, the Group will then settle the consideration payable for the acquisition
     of their equity interests in Shanghai Hesai to facilitate their payment of the subscription
     receivable for the ordinary shares of the Company as part of the reorganization. An amount of
     RMB17,506, nil and RMB292,721 has been settled in 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The
     above amounts are non-trade, interest free, repayable on demand and have been settled as of
     December 31, 2025.
150    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      24. NET (LOSS) EARNINGS PER SHARE

         The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted (losses) earnings per share
         for the years indicated:

                                                               For the year ended December 31,
                                                                 2023           2024           2025
                                                                  RMB            RMB           RMB

         Numerator
         Net (loss) income attributable to ordinary
           shareholders                                       (475,968)        (102,376)       435,880
         Denominator
         Weighted average number of ordinary shares
           outstanding – basic                              124,783,013     129,188,125    139,145,475
         Incremental weighted-average ordinary shares
           from assumed exercise of share options and
           non-vested restricted stocks                               –               –      7,291,660
         Weighted average number of ordinary shares
           outstanding – diluted                            124,783,013     129,188,125    146,437,135
         Basic net (loss) earnings per share attributable
           to ordinary shareholders                               (3.81)          (0.79)           3.13
         Diluted net (loss) earnings per share
           attributable to ordinary shareholders                  (3.81)          (0.79)           2.98

         For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the following share options and
         RSUs were excluded from the calculation of diluted net (loss) earnings per ordinary share, as
         their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive for the period prescribed.

                                                               For the year ended December 31,
                                                                 2023           2024           2025
                                                               Number         Number       Number

         Shares issuable upon exercise of share options      10,191,721      9,917,509         279,896
         Shares issuable upon vest of restricted
           share units                                          153,321        550,347           7,000
         Shares issuable upon exercise of
           tandem award                                         60,000                –               –

         Total                                              10,405,042      10,467,856         286,896
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP       151




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




25. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT

     Chinese Mainland Contribution Plan

     Full time employees of the Group in the PRC participate in a government-mandated defined
     contribution plan pursuant to which certain pension benefits, unemployment insurance,
     employee housing fund and other welfare benefits are provided to employees. PRC
     labor regulations require that the Group to accrue for these benefits based on a certain
     percentage of the employees’ salaries. The total contribution for such employee benefits were
     RMB122,844, RMB133,066 and RMB130,797 for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024
     and 2025, respectively. The Group has no ongoing obligation to its employees subsequent to
     its contributions to the PRC plan.

26. STATUTORY RESERVES AND RESTRICTED NET ASSETS

     The Group’s entities in the PRC are required under PRC laws to distribute its after-tax profits
     of the current year and set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to
     fund certain statutory reserve funds until such reserve funds reach 50% of their registered
     capital. The statutory reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends. The Group has no
     statutory reserve balance as of December 31, 2024 and 2025.

     The PRC entities with the Group are restricted from transferring their net assets to the
     Company, which include paid-in capital and statutory reserves. As of December 31, 2025, the
     balance of restricted net assets was RMB4,030,651.

27. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

     Capital expenditure commitments related to the manufacturing facilities

     Future minimum capital payment under non-cancelable agreements are as follows:

                                                                                            As of
                                                                                      December 31,
                                                                                            2024
                                                                                             RMB

     2025                                                                                   132,883

                                                                                           As of
                                                                                     December 31,
                                                                                           2025
                                                                                            RMB

     2026                                                                                   38,377
152    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      27. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         Royalty fee commitments

         The Group is obligated to make royalty payments to a third party from 2020 through 2030.
         For each year starting from 2023, the royalty payment is determined to be the greater
         amount of a base payment of US$3.0 million (except for the year of 2030, where the base
         payment shall be US$0.3 million) or amount calculated based on a tiered percentage of net
         revenues. In particular, the percentage should be 4%, 3% and 2% for the net revenues of
         rotational scanning product from US$0 to US$425,000, from US$425,000 to US$2,925,000,
         and from US$2,925,000 to above, respectively. Net sales do not include (a) taxes, tariffs,
         customs duties, excise, or other governmental charges (except income tax) levied and that
         are separately stated in an invoice, (b) reasonable charges for freight or insurance that are
         separately stated in an invoice and borne by the Group or its affiliates.

         The actual royalty fees for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 were
         RMB35,288, RMB24,542 and RMB38,644, respectively.

         Contingencies

         The Group may from time to time be subject to various legal or administrative claims and
         proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.

         On April 7, 2023, the Company and certain of its officers, directors, authorized U.S.
         representative, and US IPO underwriters were named as defendants in a putative securities
         class action filed with federal court, alleging that the Company made false and misleading
         statements in its IPO registration statement.

         The Group does not believe that any currently pending legal or administrative proceeding to
         which the Group is a party will have a material adverse effect on the financial statements.

      28. DIVIDENDS

         No dividends have been declared or paid by the Company in respect of the years ended
         December 2023, 2024 and 2025.
                                                                                       HESAI GROUP       153




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




29. PARENT COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     The parent company only condensed financial information has been provided pursuant to the
     requirements of Rule 12-04(a) and 5-04(c) of SEC Regulation S-X when the restricted net
     assets of consolidated subsidiaries exceed 25 percent of consolidated net assets as of the end
     of the most recently completed fiscal year. The Company does not include condensed financial
     information as to the changes in equity as such financial information is the same as the
     consolidated statements of changes in shareholders’ equity.

     Condensed balance sheets of parent company

                                                                 As of December 31,
                                                              2024            2025
                                                              RMB          RMB                  US$
                                                                                            (Note 2)

     ASSETS
       Cash and cash equivalents                         1,056,383        512,091            73,228
       Short-term investments                                    –      2,195,535           313,957
       Prepayments and other current assets                  4,100           1,517              217
       Investments in subsidiaries                       2,915,337      3,542,692           506,598
       Property and equipment, net                               –               –                –
       Long term investments                                     –      2,751,670           393,484

     TOTAL ASSETS                                        3,975,820      9,003,505         1,287,484

     LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
       Amounts due to subsidiaries                           8,997                 –              –
       Accrued expenses and other current liabilities       35,092            44,751          6,400

     TOTAL LIABILITIES                                      44,089            44,751          6,400

     Commitments and contingencies
     Shareholders’ equity
       Class A Ordinary shares (US$0.0001 par
         value, 50,000,000 shares authorized,
         30,015,905 and 26,998,861 shares issued
         and outstanding as of December 31, 2024
         and 2025, respectively)                                 19               17                 2
       Class B Ordinary shares (US$0.0001 par
         value, 900,000,000 shares authorized,
         101,143,806 and 130,143,350 shares
         issued, 101,143,806 and 129,146,306
         shares outstanding as of December 31,
         2024 and 2025, respectively)                            70            90                13
       Additional paid-in capital                         7,577,113    11,925,963         1,705,390
       Subscription receivables                            (292,721)            –                 –
       Accumulated other comprehensive income                56,975         6,529               933
       Accumulated deficit                              (3,409,725)    (2,973,845)         (425,254)

     Total shareholders’ equity                          3,931,731      8,958,754         1,281,084

     TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’
       EQUITY                                            3,975,820      9,003,505         1,287,484
154    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      29. PARENT COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)

         Condensed statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income for the
         years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025

                                                                    For the years ended December 31,
                                                             2023             2024              2025
                                                             RMB               RMB           RMB           US$
                                                                                                       (Note 2)

         Net revenues                                            –                –             –             –
          Sales and marketing expenses                           –           (6,741)       (2,319)         (332)
          General and administrative expenses             (98,099)         (67,475)      (25,856)       (3,697)
          Other operating income, net                            –                –       45,212         6,465
          Interest income                                  42,402           50,754        89,496        12,799
          Foreign exchange (loss) gain                         (12)              (9)      14,950         2,138
          Other income, net                                      –                –         8,220         1,175
          Equity in (deficit) earnings of subsidiaries   (420,259)         (78,905)      309,545        44,264

         Net (loss) income before income tax             (475,968)        (102,376)      439,248        62,812
          Income tax expense                                    –                –        (3,368)         (482)

         Net (loss) income                               (475,968)        (102,376)     435,880         62,330

         Net (loss) income attributable to
          ordinary shareholders of the Company           (475,968)        (102,376)     435,880         62,330

         Net (loss) income                               (475,968)        (102,376)     435,880         62,330
         Comprehensive income (loss), net of
           tax of nil:
           Foreign currency translation adjustments        42,048           18,535       (50,446)       (7,214)

         Comprehensive (loss) income                     (433,920)         (83,841)      385,434        55,116
                                                                                                         HESAI GROUP       155




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




29. PARENT COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)

     Condensed statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2023,
     2024 and 2025

                                                                           Year ended December 31,
                                                                  2023           2024                 2025
                                                                  RMB            RMB               RMB              US$
                                                                                                                (Note 2)

     Cash flows from operating activities:
       Net (loss) income                                       (475,968)     (102,376)        435,880            62,330
      Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net
        cash used in operating activities:
        Depreciation and amortization                                3              3                 1                 1
        (Loss) gain from equity in earnings of subsidiaries    420,259        78,905          (309,545)          (44,264)
        Share-based compensation                                42,379         11,922                 –                 –
        Fair value change of financial instruments             (12,500)       12,500                  –                 –
        Foreign exchange loss (gain), net                           12              9           (14,950)           (2,138)
      Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
        Prepayments and other current assets                     (1,544)       3,905           (45,549)           (6,514)
        Accrued expenses and other current liabilities            6,281       27,885             9,657             1,381

     Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities        (21,078)      32,753            75,494            10,796
     Cash flows from investing activities:
       Purchases of short-term investments                     (742,287)    (309,349)        (2,175,414)        (311,080)
       Maturity of short-term investments                       176,302      878,812                  –                –
       Purchases of long-term investments                             –            –        (2,723,660)         (389,478)
       Purchases of property and equipment                            –            –                  –                –
       Payment and collection of loans to and investments
         in subsidiaries                                       (379,237)      55,792          (185,194)          (26,482)

     Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities       (945,222)     625,255        (5,084,268)         (727,040)
     Cash flows from financing activities:
       Cash contribution from shareholders in connection
         with the 2021 Reorganization                            17,506             –          292,721            41,859
       Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares in
         connection to IPO                                    1,225,470             –       4,249,946           607,734
       Payment of offering costs                                (22,828)            –         (43,689)           (6,247)
       Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares upon the
         exercise of stock options                                2,872        34,139           27,346             3,910
       Collection and payments of amounts due to
         subsidiaries                                            14,024       (15,710)         (17,102)           (2,446)

     Net cash provided by financing activities                1,237,044       18,429        4,509,222           644,810
     Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       270,744      676,437         (499,552)           (71,434)
     Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year             35,411     363,778        1,056,383           151,061
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and
       cash equivalents                                          57,623        16,168          (44,740)           (6,399)

     Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year                363,778      1,056,383          512,091            73,228
156    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      29. PARENT COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)

         Condensed statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2023,
         2024 and 2025 (Continued)

         (a)   The condensed financial information has been prepared using the same accounting
               policies as set out in the consolidated financial statements except that the equity
               method has been used to account for investments in its subsidiaries. For the parent
               company, the Company records its investments in subsidiaries under the equity method
               of accounting as prescribed in ASC 323, Investments – Equity Method and Joint Ventures.
               Such investments are presented on the balance sheets of the Company as “Investment
               in subsidiaries” and the subsidiaries’ loss as “Loss from equity in deficit of subsidiaries”
               on the condensed statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income. Ordinarily
               under the equity method, an investor in an equity method investee would cease to
               recognize its share of the losses of an investee once the carrying value of the investment
               has been reduced to nil absent an undertaking by the investor to provide continuing
               support and fund losses. For the purpose of this parent company only condensed
               financial information, the parent company has continued to reflect its share, based on
               its proportionate interest, of the losses of subsidiaries regardless of the carrying value of
               the investment even though the parent company is not obligated to provide continuing
               support or fund losses.

         (b)   The Company may from time to time be subject to various legal or administrative claims
               and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.

               On April 7, 2023, the Company and certain of its officers, directors, authorized U.S.
               representative, and US IPO underwriters were named as defendants in a putative
               securities class action filed with federal court, alleging that the Company made false and
               misleading statements in its IPO registration statement.

               The Company does not believe that any currently pending legal or administrative
               proceeding to which the Company is a party will have a material adverse effect on the
               financial statements.
                                                                                                               HESAI GROUP           157




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




30. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

     Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024
     and 2025, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Companies
     Ordinance, is as follows:

                                                                            For the year ended December 31,
                                                                              2023           2024           2025
                                                                               RMB            RMB           RMB

     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                               6,110               5,653                  6,023
     Performance related bonuses                                             9,737              6,600                   5,420
     Share-based compensation expense                                       45,979              14,412                  2,493
     Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                               272                 284                    284

     Total paid salaries, bonuses and other benefits                        62,098             26,949                  14,220

     The emoluments of the directors of the Company on a named basis for the year ended
     December 31, 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                                       Total paid
                                              Salaries,                       Share-based   Contributions to             salaries,
                                       allowances and        Performance     compensation        retirement         bonuses, and
                                       benefits in kind   related bonuses         expense   benefits scheme        other benefits
                                                  RMB                RMB             RMB                RMB                  RMB

     Dr. Yifan Li (note (i))                      886               1,101               –                68                2,055
     Dr. Kai Sun (note (ii))                      884               1,101               –                68                2,053
     Mr. Shaoqing Xiang (note (iii))              893               1,101               –                68                2,062
     Mr. Louis T. Hsieh (note (iv))             2,000              5,972           42,172                 –               50,144
     Ms. Cailian Yang (note (v))                  654                462            2,871                68                4,055
     Ms. Yi Zhang (note (vi))                     529                   –             624                 –                 1,153
     Dr. Jie Chen (note (vii))                    264                   –             312                 –                   576

                                                 6,110             9,737          45,979                272              62,098
158    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      30. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

         The emoluments of the directors of the Company on a named basis for the year ended
         December 31, 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                                                      Total paid
                                                  Salaries,                      Share-based   Contributions to         salaries,
                                           allowances and        Performance    compensation        retirement     bonuses, and
                                           benefits in kind   related bonuses        expense   benefits scheme    other benefits
                                                      RMB                RMB            RMB                RMB              RMB

         Dr. Yifan Li (note (i))                     1,312             1,695               –                71             3,078
         Dr. Kai Sun (note (ii))                       939             1,907               –                71             2,917
         Mr. Shaoqing Xiang (note (iii))               943             1,909               –                71             2,923
         Mr. Louis T. Hsieh (note (iv))                725               333          11,922                 –            12,980
         Ms. Cailian Yang (note (v))                   667               756           1,445                71             2,939
         Ms. Yi Zhang (note (vi))                      711                 –             697                 –             1,408
         Dr. Jie Chen (note (vii))                     356                 –             348                 –               704

                                                     5,653             6,600          14,412               284           26,949

         The emoluments of the directors of the Company on a named basis for the year ended
         December 31, 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                                                      Total paid
                                                  Salaries,                      Share-based   Contributions to         salaries,
                                           allowances and        Performance    compensation        retirement     bonuses, and
                                           benefits in kind   related bonuses        expense   benefits scheme    other benefits
                                                      RMB                RMB            RMB               RMB               RMB

         Dr. Yifan Li (note (i))                     2,277             1,040               –                71            3,388
         Dr. Kai Sun (note (ii))                       969             1,710               –                71            2,750
         Mr. Shaoqing Xiang (note (iii))               971             1,895               –                71            2,937
         Ms. Cailian Yang (note (v))                   664               775           1,328                71            2,838
         Ms. Yi Zhang (note (vi))                      703                 –             717                 –            1,420
         Dr. Jie Chen (note (vii))                     351                 –             396                 –              747
         Mr. Jia Ren (note (viii))                      88                 –              52                 –              140
         Dr. Hui Wang (note (ix))                        –                 –               –                 –                –

                                                     6,023             5,420           2,493               284           14,220
                                                                                                    HESAI GROUP         159




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




30. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)

     Notes:

     i.      Dr. Yifan Li is the co-founder of the Group and has served as chief executive officer and director
             since inception.

     ii.     Dr. Kai Sun is the co-founder of the Group and has served as chief scientist and director since
             inception.

     iii.    Mr. Shaoqing Xiang is the co-founder of the Group and has served as chief technology officer and
             director since inception.

     iv.     Mr. Louis T. Hsieh had served as global chief financial officer since April 2021 and director since June
             2021, he resigned from the position for personal and family reasons on May 13, 2024.

     v.      Ms. Cailian Yang has served as vice president of operations and director since November 2017.

     vi.     Ms. Yi Zhang was appointed as independent director on January 30, 2023.

     vii.    Dr. Jie Chen was appointed as independent director on January 30, 2023, and resigned as the
             independent director on December 24, 2025.

     viii.   Mr. Jia Ren was appointed as independent director on September 8, 2025.

     ix.     Dr. Hui Wang was appointed as independent directors on December 24, 2025.

     The directors’ emoluments shown above were paid for their services in connection with the
     management of the affairs of the Group. Additionally, there was no arrangement under which
     a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the years ended December 31,
     2023, 2024 and 2025.
160    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      31. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

         The five highest paid employees of the Group included 1 director for the years ended
         December 31, 2023 and 2024, and do not include directors for the year ended December 31,
         2025, respectively, details of whose remuneration are set out in Note 30 above. Details of the
         remuneration of the remaining non-director employees are as follows:

                                                               For the year ended December 31,
                                                                 2023           2024           2025
                                                                  RMB            RMB           RMB

         Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                6,222           6,154           6,702
         Performance related bonuses                              3,727           6,642           3,901
         Contributions to retirement benefits scheme                336             276             281
         Share-based compensation                                21,548           7,691          11,049

         Total paid salaries, bonuses and
           other benefits                                        31,833         20,763           21,933

         The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose
         remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                  For the year ended December 31,
                                                                      2023         2024       2025
                                                                    No. of        No. of     No. of
                                                                 employees    employees  employees

         HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                     –               –           1
         HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                     –               –           1
         HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                     1               1           2
         HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                     –               1           –
         HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                     1               1           –
         HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                     –               –           1
         HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                     1               –           –
         HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                     –               1           –
         HK$18,000,001 to HK$18,500,000                                   1               –           –

                                                                          4               4           5

         During the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, no emoluments were paid by the
         Group to the directors of the Company or the five highest paid individuals (including directors
         and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
         loss of office.
                                                                                                                           HESAI GROUP            161




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




32. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL                                                                           FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRS”) ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

     The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which
     differ in certain respects from IFRS accounting standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International
     Accounting Standards Board. The effects of accounts with differences are reconciled between
     the consolidated financial statements prepared under U.S. GAAP and IFRSs as follows, for the
     years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025; whereas the differences in operating leases,
     long-term investments and inventory write-downs are not included in the reconciliation as the
     effects have been immaterial.

     Reconciliation of Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
     (Loss) Income

                                                                        For the year ended of December 31, 2023
                                                                                    IFRSs adjustments
     Consolidated Statement of
     Operations and                    Amounts as Classification and                                                                Amounts as
     Comprehensive                  reported under  measurement of           Share-based               Listing    Subscription         reported
     (Loss) income (Extract)            U.S. GAAP redeemable shares         compensation             expense       receivables      under IFRSs
                                                           (Note (a))          (Note (b))           (Note (c))      (Note (d))
                                              RMB               RMB                 RMB                  RMB             RMB              RMB

     Cost of revenues                   (1,215,611)                –               (1,904)                  –               –        (1,217,515)
     Sales and marketing expenses        (148,798)                 –              (13,297)                  –               –         (162,095)
     General and administrative
       expenses                          (320,144)                 –               17,028             (20,770)              –         (323,886)
     Research and development
       expenses                          (790,547)                 –                (2,115)                 –               –         (792,662)
     Other income (loss), net                  34            149,435                     –                  –               –          149,469

     Net loss attributable to
      ordinary shareholders of
      the Company                        (475,968)           149,435                 (288)            (20,770)              –         (347,591)
     Other comprehensive
       income (loss)
     Foreign currency translation
       adjustments                         42,048             182,341                    –                  –           3,933          228,322

     Comprehensive (loss) income         (433,920)           331,776                 (288)            (20,770)          3,933         (119,269)
162    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      32. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
          REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRS”) ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)

         Reconciliation of Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
         (Loss) Income (Continued)

                                                                         For the year ended of December 31, 2024
                                                                                     IFRSs adjustments
         Consolidated Statement of                       Amounts as                                                Amounts as
         Operations and Comprehensive                 reported under           Share-based        Subscription        reported
         (Loss) income (Extract)                          U.S. GAAP           compensation         receivables     under IFRSs
                                                                                 (Note (b))         (Note (d))
                                                                RMB                   RMB                RMB             RMB

         Cost of revenues                                 (1,192,572)                1,317                  –       (1,191,255)
         Sales and marketing expenses                       (193,032)               (5,531)                 –         (198,563)
         General and administrative expenses                 (316,913)              10,142                  –         (306,771)
         Research and development expenses                  (855,641)                  351                  –        (855,290)

         Net (loss) income attributable to ordinary
          shareholders of the Company                      (102,376)                 6,279                  –         (96,097)

         Other comprehensive income (loss)
         Foreign currency translation adjustments             18,535                     –              4,807          23,342

         Comprehensive (loss) income                         (83,841)                6,279              4,807         (72,755)
                                                                                                                           HESAI GROUP           163




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




32. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRS”) ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)

     Reconciliation of Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
     (Loss) Income (Continued)

                                                                             For the year ended of December 31, 2025
                                                                                        IFRSs adjustments
     Consolidated Statement of                           Amounts as                                                              Amounts as
     Operations and Comprehensive                     reported under       Share-based             Listing      Subscription        reported
     (Loss) income (Extract)                               U.S. GAAP      compensation            expense        receivables     under IFRSs
                                                                             (Note (b))          (Note (c))        (Note (d))
                                                                RMB               RMB                RMB               RMB              RMB

     Cost of revenues                                     (1,762,477)                492                 –                  –     (1,761,985)
     Sales and marketing expenses                            (191,990)            (1,366)                –                  –       (193,356)
     General and administrative expenses                    (288,828)             (1,562)          (34,642)                 –       (325,032)
     Research and development expenses                      (796,940)            (6,066)                 –                  –      (803,006)

     Net (income) loss attributable to ordinary
      shareholders of the Company                           435,880              (8,502)           (34,642)                 –       392,736

     Other comprehensive (loss) income
     Foreign currency translation adjustments                (50,446)                  –                   –         (33,179)        (83,625)

     Comprehensive income (loss)                             385,435             (8,502)           (34,642)          (33,179)        309,112

     Reconciliation of Consolidated Balance Sheets

                                                                               As of December 31, 2024
                                                                                  IFRSs adjustments
     Interim Condensed                  Amounts as Classification and                                                              Amounts as
     Consolidated                    reported under  measurement of          Share-based              Listing     Subscription        reported
     Balance Sheet (Extract)             U.S. GAAP redeemable shares        compensation            expense        receivables     under IFRSs
                                                            (Note (a))         (Note (b))          (Note (c))       (Note (d))
                                               RMB               RMB                RMB                 RMB              RMB             RMB

     Prepayments and other
       current assets                      193,448                   –                 –                   –         326,956          520,404

     Total Assets                        5,989,611                   –                 –                   –         326,956        6,316,567

     Shareholders’ equity
     Additional paid-in capital          7,577,113           1,577,476            99,225             29,363                 –       9,283,177
     Subscription receivables             (292,721)                  –                 –                  –           292,721               –
     Accumulated other
       comprehensive income (loss)          56,975            (379,139)                –                   –           34,235        (287,929)
     Accumulated deficit                (3,409,725)         (1,198,337)          (99,225)            (29,363)               –      (4,736,650)

     Total Shareholders’ Equity          3,931,731                   –                 –                   –         326,956        4,258,687
164    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      32. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
          REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRS”) ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)

         Reconciliation of Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued)

                                                                              As of December 31, 2025
                                                                                 IFRSs adjustments
         Interim Condensed               Amounts as Classification and                                                     Amounts as
         Consolidated                 reported under measurement of         Share-based      Cash and cash      Listing       reported
         Balance Sheet (Extract)           U.S. GAAP redeemable shares     compensation        equivalents     expense     under IFRSs
                                                             (Note (a))       (Note (b))         (Note (e))   (Note (c))
                                                 RMB              RMB              RMB               RMB          RMB            RMB

         Cash and cash equivalents        1,663,492                   –               –           (351,440)           –     1,312,052
         Short-term investments           3,091,856                   –               –            351,440            –     3,443,296

         Total Assets                     11,261,278                  –               –                  –            –     11,261,278

         Shareholders’ equity
         Additional paid-in capital      11,925,963          1,577,476           90,723                  –      64,005     13,658,167
         Accumulated other
           comprehensive
           income (loss)                      6,530            (379,139)              –                  –           –       (372,609)
         Accumulated deficit             (2,973,846)         (1,198,337)        (90,723)                 –     (64,005)     (4,326,911)

         Total Shareholders’ Equity       8,958,754                   –               –                  –            –     8,958,754

         Notes:

         (a)      Classification and measurement of redeemable shares

                  Under U.S. GAAP, the Group classified the redeemable shares as mezzanine equity in the
                  consolidated balance sheets because they were redeemable at the holders’ option upon the
                  occurrence of certain deemed liquidation events that outside the Group’s control. The redeemable
                  shares were recorded initially at fair value, net of issuance costs. The Group recognized accretion
                  as deemed dividend to the respective redemption value of the redeemable shares over the period
                  starting from issuance date to the earliest redemption date. The accretion was recognized and
                  charged against retained earnings, or in the absence of retained earnings, by charges against
                  additional paid-in capital. Once additional paid-in-capital has been exhausted, additional charges are
                  recorded by increasing the accumulated deficit.

                  Under IFRSs, the redeemable shares, which were contingently redeemable at the option of the
                  holders, were classified as financial liabilities. The redeemable shares were designated as financial
                  liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, which were initially and subsequently measured at fair
                  value. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group considered that the amounts of changes in fair
                  value of the redeemable shares that were attributed to changes in credit risk of the redeemable
                  shares recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) were insignificant. The amount of change
                  in the fair value of the financial liability was presented as other income (loss) in consolidated
                  statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income.
                                                                                                HESAI GROUP         165




Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




32. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRS”) ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)

     Reconciliation of Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued)

     Notes: (Continued)

     (a)   Classification and measurement of redeemable shares (Continued)

           All the redeemable shares of the Company were converted into ordinary shares upon the completion
           of the Company’s IPO in United States on February 9, 2023. Consequently, there was no such
           reconciliation item in classification and measurement of redeemable shares between U.S. GAAP and
           IFRSs subsequently.

           In the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income for the year ended
           December 31, 2023, the impact of classification difference, up to the conversion, is the fair value
           change of the redeemable shares of RMB149,435, and foreign currency translation of RMB182,341.

           In the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the impact of
           classification difference is an increase in additional paid-in capital of RMB1,577,476, and decrease
           in accumulated deficit, for the accretion impact that exhausted the additional paid-in capital, of
           RMB1,198,337.

     (b)   Share-based compensation

           Under U.S. GAAP, the Group has elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line
           method for all employee equity awards granted with graded vesting over the requisite service
           period. Additionally, the Group has chosen to account for forfeitures when they occur.

           Under IFRSs, the accelerated method is required to recognize compensation expense for all employee
           equity awards granted with graded vesting. Forfeitures must be estimated, and share-based
           compensation expenses were recognized net of estimated forfeitures.

           Accordingly, the reconciliation includes differences in operating cost and expenses of RMB288,
           RMB6,279, and RMB8,502 for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

     (c)   Listing expense

           Under U.S. GAAP, specific incremental costs considered directly attributable to the offering of equity
           securities (“listing expenses”) may be deferred and capitalized against the gross proceeds of the
           offering. Under IFRSs, only those listing expenses considered directly attributable to the issuance of
           new shares to investors can be capitalized. Those listing expenses considered directly attributable to
           the listing of existing shares on a stock exchange are not considered transaction costs that qualify
           for capitalization. Such costs should be expensed as incurred instead.

           Accordingly, the reconciliation includes an expense recognition difference in the consolidated
           statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income of RMB20,770, nil and RMB34,642 for
           the years ended December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025 and a difference in shareholders’ deficit of
           RMB29,363, RMB29,363 and RMB64,005 as of December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.
166    2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
  (Amount in Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data, or otherwise stated)




      32. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
          REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRS”) ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (Continued)

         Reconciliation of Consolidated Balance Sheets (Continued)

         Notes: (Continued)

         (d)   Receivables from shareholders

               Under U.S. GAAP, shareholders’ subscription consideration to the Company’s equity that has not
               been paid is accounted for as a contra-equity account in subscription receivables using the historical
               exchange rates.

               Under IFRSs, such shareholders’ subscription consideration is recognized as a financial asset
               measured at amortized cost. Financial asset is a monetary item measured into the reporting currency
               using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date.

               Accordingly, the reconciliation includes reclassification of subscription receivables of RMB310,227 to
               prepayments and other current assets as of December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively and
               recognition of foreign currency translation differences of RMB3,933, RMB4,807, and RMB33,179 in
               the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income for the years ended
               December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

         (e)   Cash and cash equivalent

               Under U.S. GAAP, cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments that have both of the
               following characteristics: (1) readily convertible to known amounts of cash and (2) so near their
               maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest
               rates. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, demand deposits, fixed term
               deposits and money market funds, which are unrestricted as to withdrawal and use, and have
               original maturities of three months or less when purchased, presenting insignificant risk of changes
               in value.

               Under IFRS, cash equivalents are defined as short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily
               convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes
               in value. Although the definition of cash equivalents is similar under IFRS and U.S. GAAP, money
               market funds are generally excluded from cash equivalents because the redemption price for the
               money market funds may be subject to variability and therefore remain unknown at the time the
               Company make initial investments, as noted by IFRS Interpretations Committee. Therefore, the
               amounts deposits in money market funds are recorded as short-term investments under IFRS. The
               reclassification doesn’t result in difference in total assets.

      33. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

         On March 24, 2026, the Group granted a total of 785,356 RSUs to certain employees under
         the 2021 Plan, with the vesting periods of three years or 48 months.
                                                                              HESAI GROUP   167




Corporate Information


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                         AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Executive Directors                        Dr. LI Yifan (李一帆)
                                           Ms. Nelly AU-YEUNG (歐陽麗妮)
Dr. LI Yifan (李一帆)
Dr. SUN Kai (孫愷)                           HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
Mr. XIANG Shaoqing (向少卿)                   BUSINESS IN THE PRC
Ms. YANG Cailian (楊彩蓮)
                                           10th Floor, Building A
Independent Non-executive Directors        No. 658 Zhaohua Road
                                           Changning District, Shanghai 200050
Ms. ZHANG Yi (張懌)                          People’s Republic of China
Dr. CHEN Jie (陳劼) (resignation effective
  from December 24, 2025)                  PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG
Mr. REN Jia (任佳)                           KONG
Dr. WANG Hui (王慧) (appointment effective
  from December 24, 2025)                  Room 1922, 19/F, Lee Garden One
                                           33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay
AUDIT COMMITTEE                            Hong Kong

Ms. ZHANG Yi (張懌) (Chairperson )           REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE CAYMAN
Mr. REN Jia (任佳)                           ISLANDS
Dr. WANG Hui (王慧)
                                           PO Box 309
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE                     Ugland House
                                           Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Ms. ZHANG Yi (張懌) (Chairperson )           Cayman Islands
Dr. WANG Hui (王慧)
                                           PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
NOMINATING AND CORPORATE                   TRANSFER OFFICE IN CAYMAN ISLANDS
GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
                                           Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
Ms. ZHANG Yi (張懌) (Chairperson )           PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall
Mr. REN Jia (任佳)                           Cricket Square
Dr. WANG Hui (王慧)                          Grand Cayman, KY1-1102
                                           Cayman Islands
JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
                                           HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
Ms. YANG Cailian (楊彩蓮)
Ms. Nelly AU-YEUNG (歐陽麗妮)                  Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                           17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                           16 Harcourt Road
                                           Hong Kong
168     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Corporate Information




      AUDITORS                                       PRINCIPAL BANK

  Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu                           China Merchants Bank, Shanghai Branch
  Certified Public Accountants                       No. 1088, Lujiazui Ring Road
  Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor          Pudong New Area, Shanghai
  35/F, One Pacific Place                            People’s Republic of China
  88 Queensway
  Hong Kong                                          STOCK CODE

      LEGAL ADVISORS TO THE COMPANY                  2525

      As to Hong Kong and U.S. laws:                 NYSE STOCK TICKER
      Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton (Hong Kong)
      37/F, Hysan Place                              HSAI
      500 Hennessy Road
      Causeway Bay                                   COMPANY’S WEBSITE
      Hong Kong
                                                     www.hesaitech.com
      As to PRC laws:
      Fangda Partners
      24/F, HKRI Centre Two
      HKRI Taikoo Hui
      288 Shi Men Yi Road
      Shanghai, PRC

      As to Cayman Islands laws:
      Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP
      26th Floor, Central Plaza
      18 Harbour Road
      Wanchai, Hong Kong

      COMPLIANCE ADVISOR

      Silver Nile Global Investments Limited
                                                                                     HESAI GROUP      169




Definitions


“2021 Share Incentive Plan”,      the share incentive plan adopted by our Company in June
  “2021 Plan” or                  2021, as amended from time to time, which permits the grant
  “Share Incentive Plan”          of awards in the forms of options, restricted shares, and
                                  RSUs or other types of awards approved by the Board or the
                                  Compensation Committee or persons authorized by the Board

“ADAS”                            advanced driver-assistance systems

“ADS(s)”                          American depositary share(s), each of which represents one
                                  Class B Ordinary Share

“Articles” or                     The third amended and restated memorandum and articles of
  “Articles of Association”       association of the Company adopted by a special resolutions
                                  of the shareholders of the Company on March 3, 2026 (as
                                  amended from time to time)

“ASIC”                            application-specific integrated circuit, an integrated circuit
                                  designed for specific purposes and manufactured for specific
                                  user requirements and electronic systems

“Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Board

“Board” or “Board of Directors”   the board of Directors of the Company

“China” or “PRC”                  the People’s Republic of China, excluding, for the purposes of
                                  this report only, Taiwan, the Hong Kong Special Administrative
                                  Region and the Macao Special Administrative Region

“Class A Ordinary Share(s)”       Class A ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company
                                  with a par value of US$0.0001 each, conferring weighted voting
                                  rights in the Company such that a holder of a Class A Ordinary
                                  Share is entitled to ten votes per Share on any resolution tabled
                                  at the Company’s general meeting, save for resolutions with
                                  respect to any Reserved Matters, in which case they shall be
                                  entitled to one vote per Share

“Class B Ordinary Share(s)”       Class B ordinary shares of the share capital of the Company
                                  with a par value of US$0.0001 each, conferring a holder of a
                                  Class B Ordinary Share one vote per share on any resolution
                                  tabled at the Company’s general meetings

“Co-Founder(s)”                   Dr. Yifan Li, Dr. Kai Sun and Mr. Shaoqing Xiang

“Companies Ordinance”             Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong),
                                  as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
                                  time

“Company”, “Hesai”, “we”          Hesai Group, an exempted company with limited liability
  or “us”                         incorporated in the Cayman Islands on April 21, 2021

“Compensation Committee”          the compensation committee of the Board
170     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Definitions




      “connected person(s)”            has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules

      “connected transaction(s)”       has the meaning ascribed to it in the Listing Rules

      “Controlling Shareholders”       has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

      “Corporate Governance Code”      the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the
        or “CG Code”                   Listing Rules

      “CSRC”                           China Securities Regulatory Commission

      “Nominating and Corporate        The nominating and corporate governance committee of the
        Governance Committee”          Board

      “Depositary”                     Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas

      “Director(s)”                    the director(s) of the Company

      “GAAP”                           accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
                                       America

      “Global Offering”                The Hong Kong Public Offering and the International Offering as
                                       defined in the Prospectus

      “Group” or “Hesai Technology”    the Company and its subsidiaries from time to time, and
                                       where the context requires, in respect of the period prior to
                                       our Company becoming the holding company of its present
                                       subsidiaries, such subsidiaries as if they were subsidiaries of our
                                       Company at the relevant time

      “Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”       The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
        or the “Stock Exchange”

      “LiDAR” or “lidar”               light detection and ranging, a remote sensing method that uses
                                       light to measure the distance or range of objects

      “Listing on the Hong Kong        the listing of the Class B ordinary shares on the Main Board of
        Stock Exchange” or “Listing”   the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

      “Listing Date”                   Being September 16, 2025, on which the Class B ordinary shares
                                       were listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

      “Listing Rules” or “Hong Kong    the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
        Listing Rules”                 Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, as amended, supplemented or
                                       otherwise modified from time to time

      “Main Board”                     the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by
                                       the Hong Kong Stock Exchange which is independent from and
                                       operates in parallel with the Growth Enterprise Market of the
                                       Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                                                                              HESAI GROUP       171




Definitions




“Model Code”             the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                         Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Nasdaq” or “NASDAQ”     the Nasdaq Global Select Market

“Nomination Committee”   the nomination committee of the Board

“OEM”                    original equipment manufacturer, which assembles and installs
                         automotive parts during the construction of a new vehicle

“Options”                share options of the Company under the 2021 Plan

“PCAOB”                  Public Company Accounting Oversight Board

“Prospectus”             the prospectus of the Company dated September 8, 2025

“Prospectus Date”        September 8, 2025

“R&D”                    research and development

“Relevant Period”        the period commencing from the Listing Date to December 31,
                         2025

“Reporting Period”       the year ended December 31, 2025

“Reserved Matters”       those matters resolutions with respect to which each Share
                         is entitled to one vote at general meetings of the Company
                         pursuant to Rule 8A.24 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and
                         the Articles of Association, being: (i) any amendment to the
                         memorandum of association of the Company or the Articles
                         of Association, (ii) the variation of the rights attached to any
                         class of Shares, (iii) the appointment, election or removal of
                         an independent non-executive Director, (iv) the appointment
                         or removal of the Company’s auditors, and (v) the voluntary
                         liquidation or winding-up of the Company

“RMB” or “Renminbi”      Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Robotics”               autonomous vehicle fleets providing passenger and freight
                         mobility services, robotics and other non-automotive industries,
                         such as automated guided vehicles/autonomous mobile robots,
                         delivery robots, agricultural vehicles, wide industrial applications
                         such as port and yard automation, and stationary applications

“RSU(s)”                 restricted share units

“SEC”                    the Securities and Exchange Commission of the United States

“SFC”                    the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong

“SFO”                    the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws
                         of Hong Kong), as amended or supplemented from time to time
172     2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      Definitions




      “Shanghai Hesai”                Hesai Technology Co., Ltd.* (上海禾賽科技有限公司), a limited
                                      liability company established under the laws of the PRC on
                                      October 22, 2014

      “Share(s)”                      the Class A Ordinary Shares and the Class B Ordinary Shares in
                                      the share capital of the Company, as the context so requires

      “Shareholder(s)                 holder(s) of Shares and, where the context requires, ADSs

      “subsidiary(ies)”               has the meaning ascribed to it in section 15 of the Companies
                                      Ordinance

      “U.S. GAAP”                     accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
                                      America

      “U.S.” or “United States”       the United States of America

      “US dollars”, “U.S. dollars”,   United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States
        “US$” or “USD”

      “weighted voting rights”        has the meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing
        or “WVR”                      Rules

      “WVR Beneficiary(ies)”          has the meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing
                                      Rules, and unless the context otherwise requires, refers to Dr.
                                      Yifan Li, Dr. Kai Sun and Mr. Shaoqing Xiang, being the holders
                                      of the Class A Ordinary Shares, entitled to weighted voting
                                      rights

      “WVR Structure”                 has the meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing
                                      Rules

      “%”                             per cent
