ANNUAL
REPORT
2025
BRANCH CONDUIT
BENDER W/ AUTO-ZERO
Our M18 FUEL Branch Conduit Bender w/ AUTO-ZERO is the industry’s first portable,
battery-powered conduit bender optimized for branch installations up to 1” EMT and 3/4” RMC.
It enables electricians to make bends directly at the point of installation – working anywhere
the job takes them. The bender delivers the fastest bends from start to finish and elevates bend
consistency with AUTO-ZERO Technology, which automatically senses 0° before every bend.
The result: unrivaled bend accuracy from pipe to pipe for the life of the tool.




                                   AUTO-ZERO
                                   Always senses zero,
                                   most consistent bends




CONTROL INTERFACE
Easy access to bend controls and
preset angle settings




BACKFORMER
Eliminates rippling and kinking
CONTENTS
  2     Financial Highlights

  4     Executive Chairman’s Statement

  6     Chief Executive Officer’s Message

  8     Strategic Drivers

 10     Power Equipment

 46     Floorcare & Cleaning

 50     Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 54     Board of Directors

 60     Corporate Governance Report

 74     Report of the Directors

 97     Independent Auditor’s Report

100     Consolidated Financial Statements

106     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

179     Financial Summary

180     Corporate Information




Company Profile
Techtronic Industries Company Limited (“TTI” or the “Company”), founded in
1985 by German entrepreneur Horst Julius Pudwill, is a world leader in cordless
technology. As a pioneer in Power Tools, Outdoor Power Equipment, Floorcare
and Cleaning Products, TTI serves professional, industrial, Do It Yourself (DIY),
and consumer markets worldwide. With more than 48,000 employees globally,
the company’s relentless focus on innovation and strategic growth has established
its leading position in the industries it serves.

MILWAUKEE is at the forefront of TTI’s professional tool portfolio. With global
research and development headquartered in Brookfield, Wisconsin, the historic
MILWAUKEE brand is renowned for driving innovation, safety, and jobsite
productivity worldwide. The RYOBI brand, headquartered in Greenville, South
Carolina, remains the top choice for DIYers and continues to set the standard
in DIY tool innovation. TTI’s diverse brand portfolio also includes trusted brands
like AEG, EMPIRE, HOMELITE, and leading floorcare names HOOVER, ORECK,
VAX, and DIRT DEVIL.

TTI’s international recognition and renowned brand portfolio are supported by
a strong ownership structure that underscores the company’s global reach and
stability. The Pudwill family remains the company’s largest shareholder, with the
remaining ownership held largely by institutional investors at North American and
European-owned firms. TTI is publicly traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
and is a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Index, operating globally with a strong
commitment to environmental, social, and corporate governance standards.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                                                     2025                                    2024
                                                                                                               US$’ million                            US$’ million                          Changes

          Revenue                                                                                                       15,260                             14,622                               +4.4%

          Gross profit margin                                                                                            41.2%                              40.3%                            +91 bps

          EBIT                                                                                                             1,336                             1,270                              +5.2%

          Profit attributable to Owners of the Company                                                                     1,198                             1,122                              +6.8%

          Basic Earnings per share (US cents)                                                                              65.61                             61.43                              +6.8%

          Dividend per share (approx. US cents)                                                                            33.08                             29.09                           +13.7%




EBIT                                                Profit attributable to                            Basic Earnings per share                              Dividend per share
                                                    Owners of the Company



5.2%
US$1,336 million
                                                    6.8%
                                                    US$1,198 million
                                                                                                      6.8%
                                                                                                      US65.61 cents
                                                                                                                                                           13.7%
                                                                                                                                                            US33.08 cents
Grew 5.2% to                                        Increased 6.8% to                                 Improved 6.8% to                                      Full-year dividend increased
US$1,336 million                                    US$1,198 million                                  US65.61 cents                                         13.7% against US29.09 cents
                                                                                                                                                            per share in 2024

US$m                                                US$m                                              US cents                                              US cents
1,350 –                                             1,200 –                                           70 –                                                  35 –


                                            1,336                                             1,198
                                    1,270                                             1,122                                                    65.61                                                 33.08
                                                                1,099
1,200 –

            1,192   1,201                                               1,077
                                                                                                      60 –                                                  30 –
                                                                                                                                       61.43
                                                                                                               60.04
                                                    1,000 –
1,050 –                     1,135                                               976                                    58.86                                                                 29.09
                                                                                                                               53.36
                                                                                                      50 –                                                  25 –

                                                                                                                                                                                     24.84
 900 –                                               800 –

                                                                                                                                                                     23.81   23.81
                                                                                                      40 –                                                  20 –
 750 –
                                                     600 –
 600 –
                                                                                                      30 –                                                  15 –


 450 –                                               400 –
                                                                                                      20 –                                                  10 –

 300 –
                                                     200 –
                                                                                                      10 –                                                   5–
 150 –


    0–                                                 0–                                              0–                                                    0–
          ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24 ’25                                 ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24 ’25                            ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24 ’25                                   ’21 ’22 ’23 ’24 ’25


2         Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                          FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




Gross Profit Margin
%
                                                                                                        41.2%
40



38


                                                                                                17 th CONSECUTIVE YEAR OF
36
                                                                                                GROSS MARGIN
34
                                                                                                IMPROVEMENT
                                                                                                +91 bps
32



30
      ’09    ’10     ’11     ’12       ’13   ’14   ’15   ’16   ’17   ’18   ’19   ’20      ’21     ’22     ’23      ’24      ’25


Gearing
%

35

30

25

20

                                                                                       NET CASH POSITION
                                                                                        US$700M
15

10

 5

 0

 -5

-10
      ’21                              ’22                     ’23                        ’24                               ’25


Business Growth
in local currency




                                       +7.9%                                                            +5.4%
For the year ended December 31, 2025


                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     3
EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
With the healthiest balance sheet in the Company’s history, a diversified global
manufacturing footprint, and stable capital spending requirements, we are confident
in our ability to further increase returns to shareholders in the years to come.

                                               TTI delivered record sales of US$15.3 billion in 2025, growing 4.4%
                                               on a reported basis and 4.1% in local currency. On an underlying
                                               basis, sales grew 5.7% in local currency in 2025.

                                               In North America, we delivered 3.5% sales growth in local currency.
                                               Europe grew 9.0%, while Rest of World decreased 0.3% in local currency.

                                               Our two leading brands, MILWAUKEE and RYOBI, both delivered solid
                                               performances in 2025 with MILWAUKEE growing 7.9% and RYOBI
                                               growing 5.4% in local currency. Our noncore businesses, representing
                                               9.1% of global revenue, declined 20.4% in local currency mainly due
                                               to the planned exit of the HART business and the market softness
                                               and rationalization of sales in our Floorcare business.

                                               MILWAUKEE sales growth in North America was impacted by our
                                               decision (made at peak tariff levels) to suspend certain product sales
                                               and promotions in the second half of 2025 that were disproportionally
                                               affected by tariffs. By the end of 2025, MILWAUKEE optimized its
                                               manufacturing footprint by migrating the impacted products to lower
                                               tariff jurisdictions. As a result, we expect the impact from the sales
                                               suspension on revenue growth to be non-recurring in 2026. Adjusting
                                               for these one-time events, the underlying MILWAUKEE business grew
                                               sales by 10.3% in local currency.

                                               Gross margin improved 91 basis points to 41.2% in 2025. The increase
                                               reflects the positive mix impact of our high margin MILWAUKEE
                                               business, productivity enhancements, and operational efficiencies
                                               created in our RYOBI and other Consumer businesses. Margin expansion
                                               accelerated as tariff mitigation efforts materialized in the second half
                                               of the year.

                                               As a percentage of sales, total SG&A expenses increased by 80 basis
                                               points to 32.5%. The increase reflects continued investment in new
                                               product development, field resources, and one-time write-offs
                                               of intangible assets, mainly related to the HART exit and other
                                               underperforming product lines.




4   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                  EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Financial Performance                                                       strategic acquisitions that will create growth opportunities and
EBIT grew 5.2% to US$1.3 billion, while EBIT margin increased 7 basis       synergies with our existing core businesses to unlock shareholder value.
points to 8.8%.                                                             The Board will also assess opportunities for increasing shareholder
                                                                            return through our dividend policy and structured share repurchase
Net Profit increased 6.8% to US$1.2 billion and earnings per share rose     programs, while maintaining working capital requirements and prudent
6.8% to US65.61 cents.                                                      cash management.
As a percentage of sales, working capital rose 109 bps to 15.5%.
Inventory days on hand increased 4 days to 106 days and remain              Outlook
at a very comfortable level. Receivables decreased 1 day to 46 days,        With the #1 Professional and Consumer brands in the World, TTI is
while payable days held flat at 96 days.                                    off to a strong start in 2026 and we look forward to another year of
                                                                            solid results. On a blended basis, we expect the core MILWAUKEE
Capex spend for 2025 was US$289 million, or 1.9% of sales. This
                                                                            and RYOBI businesses to grow revenue mid-to-high single digits.
spend includes investments in new products, manufacturing network
                                                                            This will be partially offset by the voluntary exit of the HART business
rebalancing, automation and productivity initiatives around the globe.
                                                                            (US$156 million in 2025) and continued rationalization of the
Overall capital spending requirements are expected to remain in the
                                                                            Floorcare business.
current range in the coming years.
                                                                            In 2026, we expect to make good progress towards our internal
The Company generated nearly US$1.4 billion in positive Free Cash
                                                                            target of 10% EBIT margin by 2027. TTI also expects to deliver a
Flow in 2025, ending the period in a US$700 million net cash position.
                                                                            fourth consecutive year of over US$1.0 billion in annual Free Cash
The strength and consistency of our Free Cash Flow leaves TTI well
                                                                            Flow generation. This outlook does not include any impact from the
positioned to continue investing and growing the business, while
                                                                            US Supreme Court’s decision to strike down IEEPA tariffs on February
increasing returns to shareholders.
                                                                            20, 2026 and the US administration’s follow-on introduction of flat
The Board is recommending a final dividend of HK132.00 cents                minimum tariff on its global trading partners.
(approximately US16.99 cents) per share. Together, with the
                                                                            With the healthiest balance sheet in the Company’s history,
interim dividend of HK125 cents (approximately US16.09 cents)
                                                                            a diversified global manufacturing footprint, and stable capital
per share, this will result in a full-year dividend of HK257.00 cents
                                                                            spending requirements, we are confident in our ability to further
(approximately US33.08 cents) per share, an increase of 13.7%.
                                                                            increase returns to shareholders in the years to come.
TTI’s capital allocation strategy is designed to strengthen our core
business, expand enterprise value, and deliver attractive long-term
returns to shareholders. Our number one priority is to invest in our core
businesses to drive sustainable growth and continued profit margin
expansion. We will also take a balanced approach to evaluating




                                                                            Horst Julius Pudwill
                                                                            Executive Chairman
                                                                            March 3, 2026




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025        5
CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER’S MESSAGE
We are aligned as one team, sharing best practices and resources
across the organization to drive process improvement, and to scale
for continued future growth.

                                               TTI delivered record sales of approximately US$15.3 billion in 2025,
                                               growing 4.1% in local currency, while further strengthening profitability.
                                               EBIT margin expanded to 8.8%, supported by gross margin improvement
                                               and continued focus on operating effectiveness. I am extremely proud
                                               of the performance our teams have delivered in 2025.

                                               MILWAUKEE continued to extend its market leadership with 7.9% local
                                               currency sales growth, and RYOBI delivered solid growth of 5.4% in
                                               local currency, underscoring the strength and balance of our portfolio.

                                               This performance reflects more than a strong year; it reflects the
                                               strength of our strategy, execution, and people. We have carried
                                               this momentum into the early months of 2026, and we look forward
                                               to sharing our first-half results later this year.

                                               Delivering Performance in a More Complex
                                               Environment
                                               The global environment continues to grow more complex. We have
                                               taken deliberate steps to position the company for sustained success
                                               amid evolving global trade and regulatory dynamics. Through the
                                               continued diversification of our global sourcing and manufacturing
                                               footprint, including expanded capacity in lower-tariff regions,
                                               we have reduced concentration risk while protecting continuity,
                                               margins, and our ability to execute consistently across markets.
                                               These were strategic choices that allowed us to remain focused on
                                               serving our customers and partners in a more demanding environment.

                                               Driving Increased Profitability
                                               Driving sustained profitability is a core priority for TTI, and we are
                                               taking deliberate actions to strengthen the business as we scale.

                                               One of our greatest advantages is our global growth. As the company
                                               has expanded, we have increased our ability to leverage that scale to
                                               improve efficiency, reduce complexity, and achieve cost effectiveness
                                               across the business. We are aligned as one team, sharing best practices
                                               and resources across the organization to drive process improvement,
                                               and to scale for continued future growth.




6   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S MESSAGE




At the same time, improving performance requires a willingness to make     Our people are also the engine behind the innovation that differentiates
difficult decisions. In 2025, we took deliberate actions in areas of the   TTI from our competitors. Deep understanding of our users, combined
business that were underperforming. We strengthened profitability and      with a culture of ownership and relentless improvement drives the
positioned TTI for long-term growth. These decisions are never easy,       development of disruptive solutions that fuel growth across our portfolio.
but they were essential to ensure the company remained focused,            Our culture enables us to move quickly, collaborate effectively, and
competitive, and well-positioned for the future.                           remain focused on delivering value to our customers and partners.
                                                                           It is not just what we do, but how we do it, that continues to set TTI apart.
Together, these actions reflected a clear focus on strengthening
performance while continuing to invest strategically in the capabilities
that support our long-term growth.
                                                                           Looking Ahead
                                                                           As we look forward, we do so with confidence, focus, and an unwavering
Technology as a Catalyst for Growth                                        belief in our future. We see strong growth opportunities across our
                                                                           MILWAUKEE and RYOBI businesses, while continuing to strengthen
At TTI, technology is not an initiative. It is how we compete, how we
                                                                           areas of the portfolio that require focus. We are clear on the actions
scale, and how we win!
                                                                           needed to do so, and will continue to invest ahead of the curve, challenge
Technology is a powerful driver of our growth, enabling stronger           ourselves to improve, and stay grounded in the fundamentals that
execution, disruptive solutions, and sustained financial performance       have defined TTI’s success.
across the company. Internally, we are investing in advanced
                                                                           Sincere thanks to our employees throughout TTI for delivering
manufacturing, system architecture, digital operations, AI and machine
                                                                           outstanding results to our shareholders, and for enabling the
learning, and R&D capabilities that improve innovation, productivity,
                                                                           innovation, performance, and reliability that our end users have come
speed, and quality at scale.
                                                                           to expect. To our customers and distribution partners, thank you for
Externally, technology continues to reshape the end markets that drive     your valued partnership and trust, and to our Executive Chairman —
our growth — from data centers and grid infrastructure to professional     Horst Pudwill, Executive Vice Chairman — Stephan Pudwill, and
and consumer applications. Our ability to invest strategically and ahead   our Board for their continued leadership and guidance.
of demand positions TTI to benefit from long-term investment cycles
                                                                           Together, we are building a company that not only delivers the best
that rely on advanced, technology-driven solutions.
                                                                           products and productivity solutions today, but for generations to come.

Our Foundation: People and Culture
Everything we deliver at TTI begins with our people and our culture.
Our success depends on the strength of our teams, the depth of our
leadership bench, and our continued investment in developing talent
across the organization. By creating meaningful opportunities for
growth, learning, and leadership, we are building a strong pipeline of
talent that supports both today’s execution and tomorrow’s innovation.
                                                                           Steven P. Richman
                                                                           Chief Executive Officer
                                                                           March 3, 2026




                                                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025         7
STRATEGIC DRIVERS
TTI is a global strategy-based organization. We have been diligent in
researching and refining the key concepts for ongoing sustainability and
growth. Early on, leadership identified four strategic areas that would drive
our success: Powerful Brands, Innovative Products, Exceptional People
and Operational Excellence.

The synergy in our four strategic drivers creates a culture of disruptive
innovation and execution resulting in world-class, powerful brands.
This dynamic structure of interconnectivity not only maximizes growth
and improvement in every area of our company; but also, delivers
the innovative, high-quality driven products needed by consumers
and professionals around the world.




8   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                         STRATEGIC DRIVERS




                      NDS               INN
                   BRA                     OV
                                             AT
                UL                             I
  POW                                                         S
     ER                                                    UCT
       F                                                 OD
                                                       PR
                                                    VE



        T IO
O PE R A                                                      LE
                                                          OP
      NA                                              PE
          LE   XC                                  L
                                                      A
                    EL                              N
                         LE                  T   IO
                              N CE       E P
                                     EXC




                                             Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   9
POWER EQUIPMENT




BUILT ON TRUST,
POWERED BY INNOVATION:
REAL SOLUTIONS
THAT BEGIN WITH
REAL PARTNERSHIPS

It all starts by earning the right to serve                      Our process starts in the field with dedicated teams working
our users.                                                       side by side with trade professionals, observing everything
                                                                 from how their day begins to how it ends. We uncover
At MILWAUKEE, everything we do is built on one foundation:
                                                                 their pain points, whether they stem from the jobsite or
the user. We leverage breakthrough technology, products,
                                                                 the broader challenges of labor. This unmatched level of
and services to disrupt not only the industry but also how
                                                                 insight allows us to deliver solutions that make them more
professional tradespeople experience their work. A core
                                                                 productive, safer, and ultimately, more successful.
part of this disruption lies in how we approach the user
differently — by becoming a true partner. Through these          This access isn’t given — it’s earned through extraordinary
partnerships, we aim to build an unshakable, lifelong trust      commitment and action. We lead the industry because
with our users — a trust rooted in our ability to consistently   we understand our users’ needs better than anyone
deliver solutions that empower them to excel in their work       else, delivering innovations that redefine performance,
every single day.                                                productivity, and safety.




10   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
MECHANICAL    ELECTRICAL




PLUMBING      REMODELING




UTILIT Y      TRANSPORTATION
              MAINTENANCE




GENERAL       LANDSCAPING &
CONTRACTING   TREE CARE




ENERGY        MINING




                       Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   11
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                 The M12 System is the leading sub-compact cordless system on the
                                                 market, delivering professional-grade solutions that provide portable
                                                 productivity and performance.

                                                 In 2025, the M12 portfolio expanded with trade-dedicated M12 FUEL
                                                 tools designed to solve specific jobsite challenges and increase
                                                 productivity in confined environments. For technicians working in tight
                                                 spaces, the M12 FUEL 3/8" Ratchet delivers compact, high-torque
                                                 fastening performance with optimized ergonomics for access and
                                                 control. Inspection and diagnostic workflows are enhanced by the
                                                 M12 85' High Flex Compact Inspection Camera, enabling precise
                                                 navigation and high-clarity imaging in tight lines. Across a wide range
                                                 of trades, the M12 Subcompact Brushless 3/8" Drill/Driver provides
                                                 versatile drilling and fastening performance across wood, metal, and
                                                 other common materials.
     PORTABLE PRODUCTIVITY
        TRADE FOCUSED                            At the core of these solutions is M12 FUEL, the flagship performance
         SYSTEM WIDE                             line within the M12 platform, engineered to meet the most demanding
                                                 needs of professional users. Every M12 FUEL product integrates
                                                 three MILWAUKEE-exclusive innovations — the POWERSTATE
                  150+ TOOLS                     Brushless Motor, REDLITHIUM Battery Pack, and REDLINK PLUS
                                                 Intelligence hardware and software — delivering extreme
                                                 performance, optimized run-time, and longterm durability.
                                                 Together, these technologies enable M12 FUEL tools to outperform
                                                 higher-voltage systems in a more compact form factor, reinforcing
                                                 leadership in the sub-compact category.




12    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                POWER EQUIPMENT




                            NEW PRODUCTS




  M12 Subcompact Brushless
       3/8” Drill/Driver




                                              M12 FUEL
                                      Extended Reach 3/8” Ratchet




          M12 FUEL
3/8” Subcompact Impact Wrench




  M12 Subcompact Brushless                      M12 FUEL
    1/4” Hex Impact Driver                     3/8” Ratchet




  M12 85’ High Flex Ultra Flex             M12 Wireless Monitor
  Compact Inspection Camera




                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   13
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                Designed for the most demanding applications, the M18 platform
                                                continues to evolve, redefining performance and productivity while
                                                maintaining full system compatibility. In 2025, advancements across
                                                the M18 FUEL lineup translated directly into jobsite impact, enabling
                                                professionals to work faster, more accurately, and more safely in
                                                high-demand environments.

                                                For electricians, the M18 FUEL Branch Conduit Bender with
                                                AUTO-ZERO enables fast, consistent branch bends at the point of
                                                installation, improving accuracy while reducing rework and physical
                                                strain. For carpenters and general contractors, the M18 FUEL 7-1/4”
                                                Circular Saw with ONE-KEY delivers class-leading cutting performance
                                                while enhancing user protection through AUTOSTOP Advanced
                                                Kickback Protection, which detects severe kickback events and
                                                automatically shuts the tool down to help reduce injury risk.
     PERFORMANCE DRIVEN
       TRADE FOCUSED                            Extending cordless capability beyond tools, the M18 FUEL NEXUS
         SYSTEM WIDE                            6-Gallon Wet/Dry Vacuum delivers corded-level cleanup performance
                                                while integrating VACLINK Wireless Dust Control, enabling compatible
                                                tools and remotes to activate the vacuum automatically. Full PACKOUT
                  300+ TOOLS                    compatibility further connects cleanup, transport, and storage into
                                                a more efficient, integrated jobsite workflow.

                                                Within the M18 platform, M18 FUEL represents the flagship
                                                performance tier, engineered to deliver maximum power, run-time,
                                                and durability for the most demanding professional applications.
                                                These advancements build on MILWAUKEE’s continued investment
                                                in core technologies — motors, batteries, electronics, and charging —
                                                while maintaining full compatibility across the more than 300 solutions
                                                within the M18 System.




14   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                    POWER EQUIPMENT




                            NEW PRODUCTS




         M18 FUEL                       M18 Brushless Refrigerant
    Branch Conduit Bender                  Recovery Machine
       w/ AUTO-ZERO




          M18 FUEL                             M18 FUEL
    1-9/16” SDS Max Rotary            NEXUS 6 Gallon Wet/Dry Vacuum
    Hammer Kit w/ ONE-KEY          w/ PACKOUT Compatibility & VACLINK




         M18 Brushless                     M18 FUEL SURGE
        Precision Blower                1/4” Hex Hydraulic Driver




          M18 FUEL                              M18 FUEL
Covered Conductor Cable Stripper     7-1/4” Rear Handle Circular Saw
                                               w/ ONE-KEY




        M18 HOTSHOT                            M18 and M12
         Jump Starter                      Gangbox Rapid Charger




                                                                        Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   15
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                MILWAUKEE continues to challenge what’s possible with
                                                battery-powered light equipment, delivering solutions that
                                                replace gas and corded alternatives without compromising
                                                performance. The MX FUEL Electrofusion Processor enables
                                                reliable fusion of up to 8" couplings and 12" saddles, eliminating
                                                the need for generators or extension cords. The MX FUEL 27lb
                                                SDS MAX Demolition Hammer delivers corded-level demolition
                                                capability, providing the power to remove concrete, block, and tile
                                                on walls and floors while eliminating cords, generators, and outlet
                                                dependency. For outdoor and grounds applications, the MX FUEL
                                                Backpack Blower delivers blowing force exceeding 63cc gas, clearing
                                                heavier debris faster while operating at lower noise levels. Multiple
                                                power modes allow users to optimize performance and run-time,
                                                with added control, tracking, and security enabled through ONE-KEY.

                                                The MX FUEL platform is designed as a fully compatible system, with
                                                all equipment powered by MX FUEL Batteries for maximum jobsite
     EQUIPMENT REDEFINED
       TRADE FOCUSED                            flexibility. MX FUEL REDLITHIUM FORGE Batteries deliver the most
         SYSTEM WIDE                            powerful, fastest-charging, and longest-life batteries MILWAUKEE
                                                has ever built, with patented COOL-CYCLE Active Cooling Technology
                                                reducing downtime and supporting continuous work in demanding
             25+ SOLUTIONS                      environments. Advanced motor and control technologies, paired with
                                                REDLINK Intelligence, integrate hardware and software to enable
                                                full-system communication — maximizing efficiency, performance,
                                                durability, and run-time across the MX FUEL platform.

                                                With 25+ solutions and a growing portfolio, MX FUEL is the largest,
                                                highest-performing light equipment battery system in the industry,
                                                expanding battery-powered capabilities into applications historically
                                                dominated by gas and corded equipment.




16   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                      POWER EQUIPMENT




 NEW PRODUCTS




       MX FUEL
Electrofusion Processor




     MX FUEL
   27lb SDS MAX
 Demolition Hammer




      MX FUEL
   Backpack Blower




                          Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   17
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                MILWAUKEE provides innovative solutions that enhance productivity
                                                and safety for professionals in the outdoor trades. Built on the M12,
                                                M18, and MX FUEL Systems, MILWAUKEE’s outdoor equipment is
                                                designed to meet the rigorous demands of landscape maintenance,
                                                landscape construction, tree care, and snow removal. Full battery
                                                compatibility within each system allows operators to seamlessly
                                                switch batteries between equipment — eliminating the common
                                                frustrations of gas-powered tools, including pull starts, excessive
                                                noise, emissions, and routine engine maintenance.

                                                The M18 FUEL 21” Auger Propelled Dual Battery Single Stage Snow
                                                Blower delivers the most powerful performance in its class, generating
                                                7.5 HP peak power to clear deep, heavy snow without stalling. With
                                                instant startup, auger propulsion, improved visibility, and reduced

OUTDOOR POWER                                   noise compared to gas alternatives, it enables faster, more controlled
                                                snow removal from start to finish. The M18 4-Gallon Backpack Sprayer
  EQUIPMENT                                     with SWITCH TANK delivers precise, consistent pressure without
                                                manual pumping, while its interchangeable tank design helps eliminate
                                                cross-chemical contamination and improve efficiency across a wide
                                                range of spraying tasks.

                                                These solutions exemplify MILWAUKEE’s commitment to delivering
                                                professional-grade, battery-powered equipment that increase user
                                                safety and productivity.




18   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                  POWER EQUIPMENT




                           NEW PRODUCTS




           M18 FUEL                            M18 Brushless Blower
21” Auger Propelled Dual Battery
   Single Stage Snow Blower




    M18 4-Gallon Backpack                        Power Manager —
   Sprayer w/ SWITCH TANK                           15A Circuit




       M18 FUEL Edger                               M18 FUEL
                                                 Pole Articulating
                                                 Hedge Trimmer




                               M18 FUEL
                        Extended Pole Articulating
                             Hedge Trimmer




                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   19
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                MILWAUKEE is committed to providing professional users with a
                                                comprehensive range of accessory solutions designed to enhance
                                                productivity and complement the latest advancements in MILWAUKEE
                                                power tools. Engineered for maximum life, durability, and speed, these
                                                solutions reflect our continued investment in advanced materials,
                                                proprietary technologies, and best-in-class manufacturing capabilities.

                                                As a result of MILWAUKEE’s leadership in carbide technology, in 2025
                                                we delivered new levels of performance across key cutting categories.
                                                The AX with NITRUS Carbide SAWZALL Blade for Wood with Nails &
                                                Screws provides unmatched life and the fastest cuts in residential
                                                remodeling and demolition applications, delivering up to 2X life versus
                                                standard carbide teeth while cutting through nails, screws, and roofing
                                                materials with confidence.

      POWER TOOL                                MILWAUKEE also expanded our circular saw blade portfolio with the
     ACCESSORIES                                7-1/4” 24T NITRUS Carbide Framing & Demolition Circular Saw Blade,
                                                delivering the fastest cutting and longest life in framing and demolition
                                                applications. Designed to move seamlessly from aggressive demolition
                                                back to clean wood cutting, this blade reduces blade changes and
                                                maximizes productivity by enabling users to demo and frame with
                                                a single blade.

                                                In fastening and installation applications, the SHOCKWAVE Impact
                                                Duty 3/8” Threaded Rod Nut Runner delivers the fastest nut-running
                                                experience for trapeze systems, strut racks, and hanger assemblies —
                                                running nuts up to 9X faster than hand spinning while maintaining
                                                durability under high torque and load conditions.

                                                Together, these solutions reinforce MILWAUKEE’s position as a leader
                                                in professional accessories — delivering longer life, faster performance,
                                                and greater productivity across the trades.




20   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                   POWER EQUIPMENT




                                   NEW PRODUCTS




        9” 5 TPI Wood AX w/ NITRUS                SHOCKWAVE Impact Duty 3/8”
          Carbide SAWZALL Blade                     Threaded Rod Nut Runner




         4 Pc Solid Wire Stripper Set                   Wire Nut Twister




      #2 Phillips              3” SHOCKWAVE Impact Duty          5 Pc 7/16” QUIK-LOK
SHOCKWAVE Impact Duty            Screw Holding Bit Holder              Arbor Set
     2” Power Bit




        7-1/4” 24T NITRUS Carbide                     9 Pc Chainsaw Chain
           Framing & Demolition                    Sharpening Set w/ PACKOUT
            Circular Saw Blade                    Low-Profile Compact Organizer




                                                                                       Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   21
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                The PACKOUT Modular Storage System is the most versatile and
                                                durable modular storage system in the industry. With 125+ fully
                                                interchangeable solutions, PACKOUT continues to expand to meet
                                                professionals’ tool storage, transportation, and organization needs
                                                across jobsites, shops, and fleets.

                                                In 2025, MILWAUKEE expanded the system with new solutions that
                                                enhance access, customization, and productivity. The PACKOUT
                                                Rack Kit delivers ultimate organization with sliding drawers that allow
                                                users to access tools without unstacking, while enabling full system
                                                customization across vans, trailers, CONEX boxes, and shop walls.
                                                For mobile storage, the PACKOUT Rolling Drawer Tool Box offers quick,
                                                one-handed access and a 250lb weight capacity, allowing users to
                                                transport and organize heavy tools more efficiently on the jobsite.

                                                MILWAUKEE’s M18 and M12 cordless solutions further extend
                                                PACKOUT’s value by integrating power, lighting, and connectivity
                                                into the storage system. The M18 Bluetooth Jobsite Radio + Charger
                                                delivers powerful sound, device charging, and wireless connectivity
                                                as part of the M18 cordless portfolio, while seamlessly attaching to
                                                PACKOUT stacks for secure transport. The M12 ROVER Multi-Directional
                                                Flood Light with PACKOUT Compatibility provides targeted, adjustable
                                                lighting powered by the M12 system, offering reliable illumination
                                                wherever work is happening — while remaining securely mounted
                                                for easy movement around the jobsite.

                                                Together, these solutions reinforce PACKOUT as more than storage —
                                                a system designed to work alongside MILWAUKEE’s cordless platforms
                                                to help professionals stay organized, efficient, and productive on the
                                                site, in transit, and in the shop.




22   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                 POWER EQUIPMENT




                            NEW PRODUCTS




        M12 ROVER
Multi‑Directional Flood Light




                                                 PACKOUT
                                                  Rack Kit




       M12 Bluetooth
Jobsite Speaker w/ PACKOUT
        Compatibility




      M18 Bluetooth                               PACKOUT
  Jobsite Radio + Charger                  Rolling Drawer Tool Box




                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   23
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                       MILWAUKEE remains committed to providing solutions that help users
                                                       STAY SAFE. STAY PRODUCTIVE. In 2025, MILWAUKEE continued to
                                                       expand our PPE portfolio with solutions engineered to adapt to how
                                                       professionals actually work.

                                                       In head protection, MILWAUKEE continued to raise the bar with
                                                       our BOLT Safety Helmets. In 2025, the BOLT Safety Helmet with
                                                       IMPACT ARMOR Liner and the BOLT Safety Helmet were rated #1
                                                       and #2 in effectiveness at reducing concussion and skull fracture risk
                                                       in Virginia Tech’s independent helmet safety study, widely regarded as
                                                       the gold standard for science-based helmet evaluation. Both helmets
                                                       earned rare 5-STAR ratings, validating our user-driven approach to
                                                       safety innovation.

                                                       We also introduced polarized safety glasses with mirrored dual-coat
        PERSONAL                                       lenses, including wrap-around and full-frame options with removable
       PROTECTIVE                                      side shields, designed for all-day wear in outdoor environments.
                                                       Featuring anti-scratch exterior hard coatings, fog-free interior coatings,
       EQUIPMENT                                       and soft contact points for extended comfort, these ANSI Z87+ and
                                                       CSA Z94.3-rated solutions deliver reduced glare, full coverage, and
                                                       consistent visibility across demanding applications.

                                                       Additionally, our PPE offerings expanded with a range of kneepads
                                                       including High Mobility Knee Pads, engineered to provide long-lasting
                                                       comfort without bulk. Utilizing advanced cushioning technology,
                                                       these knee pads deliver extended cushion life while maintaining
                                                       flexibility and mobility, allowing users to work comfortably across
                                                       a wide range of surfaces.




                                                500+ SOLUTIONS
24   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                              POWER EQUIPMENT




                            NEW PRODUCTS




 Polarized Wrap Around                     Mirrored Wrap Around
     Safety Glasses                            Safety Glasses




Full Frame Safety Glasses                   Mirrored Full Frame
                                              Safety Glasses




   High Mobility              Stabilizer      Dynamic Flooring
    Knee Pad                  Knee Pad           Knee Pad




                     FULL BRIM
                     SAFETY HELMET


THE LEADER
IN SAFETY HELMET
PERFORMANCE




                                                                  Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   25
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                In 2025, MILWAUKEE continued to expand our hand tools portfolio
                                                with trade-focused solutions designed for precision, durability, and
                                                productivity across demanding applications. Each new introduction
                                                reflects MILWAUKEE’s commitment to solving real jobsite challenges
                                                with purpose-built design and uncompromising quality.

                                                For the electrical trades, MILWAUKEE introduced the 8 –20 AWG
                                                Dipped Grip Wire Stripper & Cutter, delivering clean, precise stripping
                                                and long-lasting cutting performance. Made in the USA with
                                                USA-sourced materials, this tool features better cutting edges,
                                                precision-ground stripping holes, bolt shears, and wire looping
                                                capability — backed by a complete Lifetime Guarantee.

                                                We also expanded our fastening solutions with the introduction of
                                                new Pliers Wrenches, engineered to deliver faster setup and easy
      HAND TOOLS                                fastening. Combining the quick adjustment of fastening pliers with
                                                the parallel jaws of an adjustable wrench, these tools enable smooth,
                                                continuous ratcheting action across a wide range of fastener sizes.

                                                Finally, for assembly and maintenance applications requiring precision
                                                torque, the new Click Torque Wrenches provide fast, accurate
                                                adjustments with high-contrast markings, clear and audible feedback,
                                                and reliable ±3% accuracy. These are just a few examples of the
                                                many trade-focused hand tools MILWAUKEE unveiled in 2025,
                                                all designed to meet the evolving needs of professionals.




26   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                POWER EQUIPMENT




                          NEW PRODUCTS




  8-20 AWG Dipped Grip                    8” Angled Head
Wire Stripper & Cutter (USA)        Diagonal Cutting Pliers (USA)




      Pliers Wrenches                          Pruners




         2” Lopper                       Click Torque Wrenches




       Pruning Saws                        Sledge Hammers




                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   27
POWER EQUIPMENT




SETTING THE
BAR HIGH
AS THE #1 DIY
TOOL BRAND

                                                                 RYOBI Systems




RYOBI is the world’s #1 DIY tool brand, offering a comprehensive         RYOBI HP Brushless products represent the highest performance tier
portfolio of cordless solutions across home, outdoor, and on the go.     across platforms, leveraging brushless motors, advanced electronics,
The 18V ONE+ System, with battery compatibility dating back to           and high-performance lithium technology to deliver increased power,
1996, is the flagship platform, serving users across the globe from      runtime, durability, and speed.
entry-level DIYers to experienced professionals.
                                                                         Complementing the cordless RYOBI Systems, the RYOBI LINK
The USB Lithium platform, launched in 2022, has expanded from            Modular Storage System provides scalable, customizable solutions
three to over 40 products, creating a rechargeable ecosystem that        for organization, access, and transport through interconnected
replaces disposable and internal battery-powered solutions for           wall-mounted and mobile storage.
everyday applications. For users with larger outdoor power demands,
the 40V System includes 85+ tools delivering gas-equivalent
performance without fuel or emissions, while the 80V System delivers
premium lawn care with a walk-behind and riding lawn mowers.




28    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
LIGHT DIY        HEAVY DIY




LAWN & GARDEN    LIFESTYLE &
                 RECREATION




REMODEL          STORAGE & ORGANIZATION




TRANSPORTATION   CLEANING
MAINTENANCE




                         Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   29
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                The RYOBI 18V ONE+ System is the most comprehensive and
                                                strategically differentiated cordless platform in the industry,
                                                encompassing over 300 tools designed to address a broad spectrum
                                                of consumer needs. This unmatched depth and breadth create
                                                a meaningful competitive advantage, enabling RYOBI to deliver
                                                consistently on its brand promise of The Power To Do More —
                                                driving versatility, convenience, and long-term value across home
                                                improvement, outdoor maintenance, and adjacent use cases.

                                                A core and enduring differentiator of the 18V ONE+ System is its
                                                commitment to full backward compatibility. Every new 18V ONE+ tool
                                                and battery integrates seamlessly with products dating back to 1996.
                                                As the platform celebrates 30 years of compatibility, this design
                                                philosophy continues to reduce friction for consumers, lower the cost
                                                of entry into new categories, and significantly increase lifetime value
                                                through repeat and incremental purchases. The result is a powerful
                                                ecosystem effect that reinforces customer loyalty while accelerating
                                                platform expansion.

                                                The scalability of the 18V ONE+ System allows it to serve a diverse
                                                user base, from everyday DIYers to skilled professionals, by delivering
                                                accessible, dependable performance that evolves alongside customer
                                                needs. Beyond traditional DIY and outdoor power applications, RYOBI
                                                has deliberately extended the 18V ONE+ platform into full product
                                                families spanning Cleaning, Recreation, and Lifestyle categories.
                                                This expansion further unlocks value from existing battery ownership,
                                                increases cross-category adoption, and strengthens the role of 18V
                                                ONE+ battery as a central power solution across the user’s entire
                                                home and lifestyle.




30   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                POWER EQUIPMENT




                          NEW PRODUCTS




  18V ONE+ 4.5” Circular Saw




                                         18V ONE+ Cable Stapler




  18V ONE+ HP 10” Chainsaw




                                         18V ONE+ 35’ Drain Auger




18V ONE+ Dual Function Lighted
        Creeper/Seat


                                              18V ONE+
                                           150W Power Source




                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   31
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                RYOBI HP Brushless tools are designed to deliver meaningful
                                                performance upgrades across the USB Lithium, 18V ONE+, 40V,
                                                and 80V product lines. More power, longer runtime, greater durability,
                                                and faster operation — through a combination of advanced motors,
                                                intelligent electronics, and lithium technology.

                                                18V ONE+ HP Brushless and 40V HP Brushless products reach
                                                their full potential when paired with Lithium EDGE batteries. Both
                                                the 18V ONE+ and 40V Lithium EDGE batteries utilize premium cell
                                                technology and RYOBI’s INTELICELL system to deliver up to twice
                                                the power and four times the runtime, ensuring consistently high
                                                performance in demanding applications across power tools and
                                                outdoor power equipment.

                                                RYOBI’s 2025 launch of the next generation HP Brushless Drill/Driver,
                                                Impact Driver, Circular Saw, and Reciprocating Saw marked a significant
                                                step forward for the 18V ONE+ platform as the most powerful 18V ONE+
                                                tools RYOBI has produced to date in their categories. Delivering up
                                                to 45% faster drilling and driving and as much as three times faster
                                                cutting, this new lineup expands RYOBI’s appeal to both professionals
                                                and high-demand DIY users, helping them work more efficiently and
                                                with greater confidence.

                                                2025 also saw the introduction of RYOBI’s most powerful 40V HP
                                                Leaf Blower and Chainsaw to date. The new 40V HP 800 CFM Blower
                                                delivers more power than a 31cc gasoline Leaf Blower while operating
                                                at a whisper-quiet 57dB, 82% quieter than gas. The 40V HP 20”
                                                Chainsaw can tackle cuts up to 36” in diameter while delivering
                                                more power than a 52cc gas chainsaw and over 100 cuts per charge.




32   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                             POWER EQUIPMENT




                        NEW PRODUCTS




   40V HP Brushless
     16” Chainsaw




                                       40V HP Brushless
                                        800 CFM Blower




18V ONE+ HP Brushless
  7-1/4” Circular Saw




                                    18V ONE+ HP Brushless
                                  18” Single Stage Snow Blower




18V ONE+ HP Brushless
Hybrid 9” Oscillating Fan




                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   33
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                The RYOBI 40V System delivers exceptional power and long-lasting
                                                performance across a growing lineup of more than 85 innovative outdoor
                                                products. Every tool in the 40V family is engineered to provide gas-like
                                                performance with all the benefits of cordless convenience — no routine
                                                maintenance, no pull cords, and no more gas or oil. These tools are
                                                built to outperform gas alternatives and keep you ready for any
                                                outdoor task.


      OUTDOOR                                   With a single RYOBI 40V Lithium Battery, you can power everything
                                                from mowers and blowers to string trimmers, chainsaws, augers, and

       POWER                                    even snow blowers. Less upkeep means more time to get work done
                                                and more opportunities to enjoy your yard. Offering unmatched
     EQUIPMENT                                  variety and capability, the RYOBI 40V System continues to set the
                                                standard for outdoor versatility.




34   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                  POWER EQUIPMENT




                     NEW PRODUCTS




40V HP Brushless
20” Self-Propelled
Multi-Blade Mower                              40V HP Brushless
                                            17” Attachment Capable
                                                 String Trimmer




40V HP Brushless
  20” Chainsaw




                                40V HP Brushless 21” Self-Propelled
                                     AWD Multi-Blade Mower




                 40V HP Brushless 850 CFM
                     Backpack Blower




                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   35
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                RYOBI’s selection of mowers across the 18V ONE+, 40V, and 80V
                                                are critical to its success as the Number One Cordless Outdoor Power
                                                Brand. RYOBI continues to innovate and offer a mower for every yard,
                                                no matter the size.

                                                In 2025, RYOBI introduced the next generation of the industry’s only
                                                cordless all wheel drive lawn mower — the 40V HP Brushless 21” AWD
                                                Multi-Blade Mower. The brushless motor with 40V HP Technology gives

LAWN MOWERS                                     this mower more power than a 196cc gas mower, and turbo mode
                                                delivers an extra boost of power to tackle the toughest conditions.
                                                The two included 40V 6Ah batteries provide up to 75 minutes of
                                                runtime. RYOBI’s CROSS CUT Multi-Blade System provides the
                                                industry’s best 3-in-1 cutting performance and SMART TREK adaptive
                                                variable speed self-propelled technology lets you set the pace while
                                                you’re mowing.

                                                The newest additions to the 80V family, the R1 80V HP Brushless
                                                30” Riding Lawn Mower and ZR3 80V HP Brushless 42” Zero Turn
                                                Riding Mower deliver more power than their gas equivalents using
                                                80V HP Technology, providing cordless freedom from the hassle of
                                                gas, oil, belts, fumes, and engine maintenance. With up to two acres
                                                of runtime, these riding mowers provide the power to mow large lawns
                                                normally only able to be done by gas units with clean, convenient,
                                                cordless power.




36   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                POWER EQUIPMENT




                   NEW PRODUCTS




40V HP Brushless
 20” Push Mower




                                 40V HP Brushless
                            21” Push Multi-Blade Mower




 R1 80V HP Brushless
30” Riding Lawn Mower




                                       ZR3 80V HP Brushless
                                  42” Zero Turn Riding Lawn Mower




                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   37
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                RYOBI’s USB Lithium product line continues to expand its offerings of
                                                handheld portable solutions designed to replace tools usually powered
                                                by disposable alkaline batteries and traditional manual applications.

                                                In 2025, RYOBI introduced two new cleaning products to the lineup:
                                                the USB Lithium HP Compact Hand Vacuum and the USB Lithium
                                                Telescoping Power Scrubber. The Hand Vacuum is the industry’s
                                                most powerful hand vacuum weighing 1.3lbs or less, and its compact,
                                                lightweight design is ideal for picking up everyday messes. The
                                                Telescoping Scrubber allows users to experience faster cleaning
                                                with less effort in areas such as the kitchen, bathroom, outdoor patio,
                                                and more with an extendable reach of up to 47”.

                                                One of the most unique USB Lithium tools released in 2025 was the
                                                USB Lithium 3’ Drain Auger, engineered to easily clear clogs up to
                                                3’ without the need for harsh chemicals. It is ideal for bathroom sinks,
                                                kitchen sinks, and bathtubs, and empowers DIYers to take on an
                                                at-home task that would normally require calling a professional.

                                                The USB Lithium Misting Fan is the ultimate portable misting and
                                                cooling solution. Utilizing atomization disc technology, users can
                                                feel up to 10° cooler with light, fine mist, while remaining dry.




38   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                               POWER EQUIPMENT




                      NEW PRODUCTS




                                         USB Lithium Telescoping
                                            Power Scrubber




USB Lithium 3’ Drain Auger




                                 USB Lithium 3-Port Charger &
                                        Power Source




USB Lithium Pruning Shears




                                     USB Lithium Misting Fan




  USB Lithium Glue Gun




                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   39
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                The RYOBI LINK Modular Storage System is built for organization,
                                                easy access, and seamless mobility. With a wide assortment of
                                                wall-mounted and portable options, LINK gives users the freedom to
                                                customize their storage setup and stay organized wherever the work
                                                takes them—from home to the jobsite and everywhere in between.
                                                LINK delivers durable, adaptable solutions that simplify how users
                                                store, transport, and manage their gear.

                                                In 2025, RYOBI expanded its offerings of cordless products designed
                                                with LINK Wall System integration. RYOBI users can now organize
                                                lights, leaf blowers, string trimmers, drain augers, and more products
                                                directly on their LINK Wall Rail storage, allowing for a tidy workspace
                                                while having tools at the ready to tackle the next job.




40   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                  POWER EQUIPMENT




 RYOBI LINK COMPATIBLE CORDLESS PRODUCTS




                           18V ONE+ Hybrid Magnetic
                                LED Task Light




   40V HP Brushless        USB Lithium LED Magnetic
17” Attachment Capable            Clamp Light
     String Trimmer




                            18V ONE+ VERSE Hybrid
                             LINK Bluetooth Stereo




18V ONE+ 3 Gallon
 Wet/Dry Vacuum




                               40V HP Brushless
                                800 CFM Blower




                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   41
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                RYOBI offers the industry’s most comprehensive range of cordless
                                                cleaning solutions across its USB Lithium, 18V ONE+, and 40V
                                                platforms. By replacing corded, alkaline-powered, internal-battery,
                                                and manual tools with removable rechargeable lithium options,
                                                RYOBI is modernizing an everyday category and expanding its
                                                addressable market.

                                                A major advantage of RYOBI’s approach is the use of removable,

     CORDLESS                                   swappable batteries. Unlike products with fixed internal
                                                batteries — where users face hours of downtime while waiting

     CLEANING                                   for a recharge — RYOBI cleaning tools allow continuous operation
                                                simply by swapping in a fresh battery. This convenience strengthens
                                                the value of the broader RYOBI ecosystem and drives repeat
                                                engagement across platforms.

                                                With products across three battery lineups, RYOBI continues to
                                                deliver innovative and effective solutions for any cleaning application.
                                                Designed to be easy to use and ergonomic, RYOBI has all cleaning
                                                needs covered — from vacuums to scrubbers, power washers, and
                                                more. Tackle any mess with ease and efficiency.




42   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                           POWER EQUIPMENT




                        NEW PRODUCTS




40V HP Brushless 1200 PSI
 1.0 GPM Pressure Washer
                                   18V ONE+ Pool Vacuum




                                        USB Lithium
                                       Detail Scrubber



   18V ONE+ 6 Gallon
    Wet/Dry Vacuum




18V ONE+ HP SWIFTCLEAN                  18V ONE+ HP
     Carpet Washer                High Capacity Stick Vacuum




                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   43
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                RYOBI has expanded its leadership in cordless innovation into the
                                                lifestyle and recreation space, offering a full range of products that
                                                elevate outdoor experiences using the same batteries customers
                                                already rely on for their drills, saws, mowers, and blowers. With solutions
                                                across all RYOBI cordless battery platforms including portable power
                                                sources, fans, lighting, inflators, heaters, and more — RYOBI enables
                                                users to stay powered anywhere, without the need for separate or
                                                proprietary battery systems.
 LIFESTYLE &                                    This approach extends the value of the existing RYOBI ecosystem

 RECREATION                                     while opening new, high-growth categories. Whether at the beach,
                                                campsite, park, or on the trail, RYOBI lifestyle products help users
                                                stay comfortable, stay connected, and get more out of every
                                                moment outdoors.

                                                When the Power Goes Out, Stay Powered
                                                with RYOBI
                                                When power outages occur, RYOBI provides a comprehensive range
                                                of solutions that help users stay prepared and connected. RYOBI
                                                Power Stations offer enough capacity to keep essential appliances
                                                such as refrigerators running, while smaller power sources can
                                                recharge mobile devices and maintain WiFi connectivity, ensuring
                                                users have access to information when they need it most. In addition,
                                                RYOBI lights and fans help maintain comfort and visibility, keeping
                                                spaces illuminated and air circulating even when the grid is down.




44   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                             POWER EQUIPMENT




                             NEW PRODUCTS




            USB Lithium
       VERSE Compact Speaker




                                            40V 300W Power
                                             Source/Charger




    18V ONE+ HP Brushless
Hybrid Forced Air Propane Heater




                                       18V ONE+ 360° LED Light




    40V Battery Topper Fan




                                            40V HP 18” Hybrid
                                            Misting Air Cannon




                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   45
FLOORCARE & CLEANING




                                                                       Advanced Cleaning Made Simple
                                                                       Consumers choose HOOVER because our no-nonsense
                                                                       approach to cleaning is tried and true. For over a century,
                                                                       we have delivered best-in-class power and performance
                                                                       without the gimmicks – just smart, purposeful innovation
                                                                       that makes cleaning faster and easier. Built on a legacy
                                                                       of quality and reliability that defines our 100-year history,
                                                                       HOOVER continues to set the standard for trusted
                                                                       solutions in homes everywhere.




     FLOORCARE &
       CLEANING


      HOOVER FORMULAS
      HOOVER formulas are crafted to tackle all your cleaning needs —
      from deep‑cleaning carpets and removing tough stains to refreshing
      upholstery.




46    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                         FLOORCARE & CLEANING




                     NEW PRODUCTS




SmartWash Pet XL                               Excelerate
 Carpet Washer                           Cordless Stick Vacuum




                      CleanSlate XL
                   Carpet & Upholstery
                      Spot Cleaner




   Rewind Pet                                 WindTunnel
 Upright Vacuum                                Swivel Pet
                                             Upright Vacuum




                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   47
FLOORCARE & CLEANING




                                                 In 2025, VAX continued to drive innovation and strengthen the
                                                 performance of its ONEPWR cordless cleaning range. Leveraging its
                                                 established market position, the brand further cemented its reputation
                                                 for reliability, simplicity and consistently outstanding results.

                                                 Powered by the ONEPWR battery system, the VAX portfolio now

     FLOORCARE &
                                                 offers even greater versatility across every cleaning task and surface.
                                                 From Cordless Vacuums and Spot Cleaners to Hard Floor Cleaners

       CLEANING
                                                 and the UK’s first Cordless Carpet Washer, VAX ONEPWR gives
                                                 consumers a seamless, powerful and intuitive cleaning experience.

                                                 Alongside this, VAX launched the next generation of versatile and
                                                 powerful LiftOut models within its upright portfolio. These uprights
                                                 deliver innovative deep-cleaning performance with the added
                                                 versatility of LiftOut capability, enabling convenient whole-home
                                                 cleaning with greater ease than ever before.

                                                 Whatever the mess, wherever it happens, there is a VAX solution
                                                 designed to get it done — quickly, effortlessly and with dependable
                                                 high performance. This ongoing pipeline of innovation reinforces
                                                 VAX’s commitment to meeting real consumer needs while delivering
                                                 strong, sustainable growth for the business.




48    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                             FLOORCARE & CLEANING




                           NEW PRODUCTS




ONEPWR Carpet Cleaner                     SmartWash XL Advanced
                                              Carpet Cleaner




LiftOut Reach Pet-Design                  LiftOut Multi Pet-Design
     Vacuum Cleaner                           Vacuum Cleaner




                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   49
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS                                                      bending, with AUTO ZERO technology ensuring consistent, repeatable
                                                                          bends across large multi-raceway runs. Its cordless, portable design
Power Equipment                                                           enables bending at the point of installation across sprawling campuses,
The TTI Power Equipment segment delivered sales of US$14.4 billion        while reducing fatigue and improving safety during high-volume
in 2025, an increase of 5.3% in reported currency and 5.0% in             conduit work.
local currency.
                                                                          Our approach is to continuously innovate by solving real jobsite
                                                                          challenges, expanding our presence within existing verticals, and
MILWAUKEE                                                                 entering additional markets where our solutions provide clear
On a reported basis, MILWAUKEE achieved 8.1% reported sales               advantages. We estimate the current global Total Addressable
growth in 2025, finishing up 7.9% in local currency. By region,           Market (TAM) for MILWAUKEE is approximately US$160 billion,
North America grew 7.5%, Europe grew 11.0%, and Rest of World             representing markets we actively serve today, with meaningful
grew 6.6% in local currency. Performance was driven by continued          expansion opportunities as we continue to expand into additional
strength across our major categories, with personal protective            end user verticals and sub-verticals.
equipment (PPE) strongly outperforming the portfolio average,
as demand for productivity and safety solutions on jobsites remains       Geographically, MILWAUKEE continues to expand its global reach.
strong. On an underlying basis, MILWAUKEE grew 10.3% in 2025,             The non-US portion of the business accounted for roughly 32% of
excluding the suspension of promotions in the second half of 2025.        MILWAUKEE sales in 2025. As this portion of the business grows at a
                                                                          slightly faster pace than the US, it drives overall gross margin accretion.
Over the last several years, MILWAUKEE has made significant progress
in diversifying its global production footprint into Vietnam, Mexico,     RYOBI
and the US with new state-of-the-art facilities in Ho Chi Minh City,
                                                                          Our RYOBI business had another outstanding year, growing 5.4% in
Vietnam and Torreon, Mexico as well as several new production sites
                                                                          local currency and marking the second consecutive year of mid-single
in the US that strengthened our operational flexibility across regions.
                                                                          digit revenue growth following the post-pandemic adjustment period
The business has also made a major investment in vertical integration
                                                                          of 2022-23. In 2025, Power Tools and Outdoor both grew, with Power
to further enhance its competitive advantages in all key production
                                                                          Tools rising high-single-digit and Outdoor growing low-single-digit as
regions, while leveraging our world-class product development
                                                                          certain major storm events from 2024 did not occur in 2025.
capabilities within the Group.
                                                                          We continue to focus on growing our strategic cordless battery
MILWAUKEE continues its unwavering commitment to the skilled
                                                                          platforms, with USB LITHIUM, 18V ONE+ and 40V. Globally, we have
trades. Structural labor shortages in many of our key trades including
                                                                          the largest installed base of users that continue to grow and expand
electrical, plumbing, and power utility, facilitate growing end user
                                                                          their collection of RYOBI products. At the same time, we are putting
demand for technology-driven solutions that enhance productivity and
                                                                          millions of new users into these cordless platforms every year that
safety on the job site. These opportunities directly shape MILWAUKEE’s
                                                                          will provide more opportunities for us to grow in the future. Across all
innovation roadmap.
                                                                          RYOBI cordless platforms, we are committed to maintaining system
Looking at various end markets, a significant portion of MILWAUKEE        compatibility while developing innovative new products.
sales are derived from hyper-growth segments including data centers
                                                                          In 2025, we continued to strengthen our core business along with
and large-scale infrastructure projects that have long-term investment
                                                                          driving outsized growth in new emerging categories. We launched
cycles. Additionally, MILWAUKEE benefits from various maintenance
                                                                          the next generation of our ONE+ HP Brushless platform of drilling,
and repair activities across a broad spectrum of industries. These
                                                                          fastening, and cutting tools. These new products deliver even more
activities account for a significantly greater proportion of revenue
                                                                          power, more run-time, and more durability for the user, while reducing
than traditional residential construction.
                                                                          size and weight.
A tangible example of this innovation is the M18 FUEL Branch Conduit
                                                                          In our Outdoor Power business, we launched “all-new” next
Bender with AUTO ZERO, purpose-built for the scale of modern data
                                                                          generation 40V LITHIUM 21” mowers, delivering the industry’s
center construction. Data centers require exponentially more power,
                                                                          best cutting experience, giving users more power and performance
driving significantly higher conduit volumes. The Branch Conduit
                                                                          than gas, without the noise and maintenance headaches.
Bender delivers up to a 34% productivity improvement versus hand




50    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Like the MILWAUKEE business, RYOBI has also diversified into             Gross Margin
several new product categories over the last few years, including        Gross margin improved to 41.2% as compared to 40.3% last year.
lifestyle and recreation, hobby and craft, and cleaning. The success     The margin improvement was the result of mix impact of high margin
of this effort has enabled the business to further expand an already     business, focused profitability on consumer brands and operational
massive cordless installed base, gain share, and grow at a healthy       improvements across all global manufacturing operations.
pace despite modest US housing turnover.

RYOBI continues to work with the best distribution partners in the       Operating Expenses
industry, including the Home Depot in North America, Bunnings in         Total operating expenses for the year amounted to US$4,967 million
the Australia/New Zealand region, and top European retail partners.      as compared to US$4,642 million in 2024, representing 32.5% of
We will continue to grow the RYOBI business through our current          turnover (2024: 31.7%). The increase was mainly due to our strategic
geographic footprint, while driving additional expansion opportunities   investments in new products and technologies and non-recurring exit
in Latin America and Asia in the future.                                 costs of the HART business.

Lastly, the business has shown exceptional operational agility over      Our R&D expenses amounted to US$757 million, representing
the years, continuing to diversify our manufacturing footprint. This     5.0% of turnover (2024: 4.4%) reflecting our continuous focus on
has further enhanced share gains as RYOBI has improved its cost          innovation, new products and technology and the write-off of HART’s
position relative to key global competitors.                             intangible assets.

Floorcare & Cleaning                                                     Net interest expense for the year amounted to US$34 million as
                                                                         compared to US$54 million in 2024, representing 0.2% of turnover
Sales for Floorcare and Cleaning fell 9.7% in 2025 due to weakness       (2024: 0.4%). The decrease in net interest expense is the result of
in the HOOVER, DIRT DEVIL, ORECK, and VAX brands. Floorcare has          our efficient management of financial resources.
now been reorganized into a single global business, creating one
world-class product development, marketing, manufacturing, and           The effective tax rate, being tax charged for the year to before tax
engineering team. Additionally, we have consolidated our North           profits was at 8.0% (2024: 7.8%). The Group will continue to leverage
American Floorcare footprint by closing our Charlotte, NC facility       its global operations and align its strategy to manage various tax
and combining with our Consumer business in Anderson, SC.                policy changes globally to sustain our overall tax efficiencies.
This is a good example of our efforts to balance innovation and
drive improved profitability in the Floorcare business.                  Liquidity and Financial Resources
                                                                         Shareholders’ Funds
FINANCIAL REVIEW                                                         Total shareholders’ funds amounted to US$7.0 billion as compared
Financial Results                                                        to US$6.4 billion in 2024. Book value per share was at US$3.80 as
                                                                         compared to US$3.47 last year, an increase of 9.5%.
Result Analysis
The Group’s revenue for the year amounted to US$15.3 billion,            Financial Position
an increase of 4.4% as compared to US$14.6 billion in 2024. EBIT         The Group continued to maintain a strong financial position.
amounted to US$1,336 million, an increase of 5.2% as compared            As at December 31, 2025, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents
to US$1,270 million in 2024.                                             amounted to US$1,678 million (2024: US$1,232 million), of which
                                                                         36.1%, 31.4%, 16.1%, and 16.4% were denominated in EUR, US$,
Profit attributable to Owners of the Company amounted to
                                                                         AUD and other currencies respectively.
US$1,198 million as compared to US$1,122 million in 2024,
an increase of 6.8%.                                                     The Group generated Free Cash Flow of US$1,395 million for the year
                                                                         as compared to US$1,591 million last year. (Free Cash Flow equals
Basic earnings per share for the year was at US65.61 cents as
                                                                         net cash from operating activities, less purchase of property, plant
compared to US61.43 cents in 2024.
                                                                         and equipment, less additions to intangible assets, and adds proceeds
                                                                         from disposal of property, plant and equipment).

                                                                         The Group’s net gearing, expressed as a percentage of total
                                                                         net borrowing to equity attributable to Owners of the Company,
                                                                         was net cash as compared to 0.7% in 2024.




                                                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025        51
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Bank Borrowings                                                          Major Customers and Suppliers
Long term borrowings accounted for 64.4% of total debts (2024: 59.8%).   For the year ended December 31, 2025

The Group’s major borrowings continued to be in US$. Borrowings are      (i)	the Group’s largest customer and five largest customers
predominantly Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) based.                accounted for approximately 45.4% and 53.3% respectively
There is a natural hedge mechanism in place as the Group’s major              of the Group’s total revenue; and
revenues are in US$ and currency exposure therefore is low. Currency,
                                                                         (ii)	the Group’s largest supplier and five largest suppliers
interest rate exposures, and cash management functions are all
                                                                               accounted for approximately 5.0% and 15.6% respectively
being closely monitored and managed by the Group’s treasury team.
                                                                               of the Group’s total purchases (not including purchases of
Amongst the bank borrowings, fixed rate debts after interest rate              items which are of a capital nature).
hedging account for 80.2% of the total bank borrowings, the balance
                                                                         As far as the Directors are aware, none of the Directors, their
being floating rate debts.
                                                                         associates or any shareholders who owned more than 5% of
                                                                         TTI’s share capital had any interest in the five largest customers
Working Capital
                                                                         or suppliers of the Group.
Total inventory was at US$4,452 million as compared to
US$4,076 million in 2024. Inventory days increased by 4 days from
102 days to 106 days. Finished goods inventory increased by 3 days
                                                                         Human Resources
                                                                         The Group employed a total of 48,318 employees as at December
mainly related to tariffs. Raw material inventory increased by 1 day
                                                                         31, 2025 (2024: 46,580) in Hong Kong and overseas. Total staff
to 16 days and work in progress inventory maintained at 3 days.
                                                                         cost for the year under review amounted to US$2,896 million
Trade receivable turnover days were at 46 days as compared to            (2024: US$2,726 million).
47 days last year. The Group is comfortable with the quality of the
                                                                         The Group regards human capital as vital for the Group’s continuous
receivables and will continue to exercise due care in managing
                                                                         growth and profitability and remains committed to improve the quality,
the credit exposure.
                                                                         competence and skills of all employees. It provides job-related training
Trade payable days maintained at 96 days.                                and leadership development programs throughout the organization.
Working capital as a percentage of sales was at 15.5% as compared        The Group continues to offer competitive remuneration packages,
to 14.4% in 2024.                                                        discretionary share options, share awards and bonuses to eligible staff,
                                                                         based on the performance of the Group and the individual employee.
Capital Expenditure
Total capital expenditures for the year amounted to US$289 million       Corporate Strategy and Business Model
(2024: US$292 million) representing 1.9% of sales.                       The Group is a world-class leader in design, manufacturing and
                                                                         marketing of power tools, outdoor power equipment and floorcare
Capital Commitments and Guarantees                                       & cleaning products for consumers, professional and industrial users
As at December 31, 2025, total capital commitments for the               in the home improvement, infrastructure and construction industries.
acquisition of property, plant and equipment and equity investment       We are committed to implementing our long term strategic plan that
contracted for but not provided amounted to US$153 million               focuses on “Powerful Brands, Innovative Products, Operational
(2024: US$167 million), and there were no material guarantees            Excellence and Exceptional People”.
or off balance sheet obligations.                                        We continue to strengthen our portfolio of powerful brands with
                                                                         a focused marketing approach. Our extension into new product
Charge                                                                   categories and under-represented markets enables us to generate
None of the Group’s assets are charged or subject to encumbrance.        outstanding growth. Geographic expansion will be a highlight of
                                                                         TTI’s future, our long term strategy is to aggressively build our
                                                                         business both inside and outside North America and we are
                                                                         relentlessly focused on expanding and establishing our presence
                                                                         in high potential markets around the world.




52    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Introducing innovative new products is the centerpiece of our               Dividend
long term strategy. We continue to invest in building a high-speed          The Directors have recommended a final dividend of HK132.00 cents
product development process, enabling us to respond faster to               (approximately US16.99 cents) per share with a total of approximately
customer requests and emerging opportunities, giving us a vigorous          US$310,754,000 for the year ended December 31, 2025
competitive advantage.                                                      (2024: HK118.00 cents (approximately US15.19 cents)) payable
Our strategy in operational excellence will continue, we will drive         to the Company’s shareholders whose names appear on the register
further gains in efficiency across our manufacturing operations,            of members of the Company on May 18, 2026. Subject to the
supporting further margin improvement.                                      approval by the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general
                                                                            meeting of the Company, the proposed final dividend is expected
We continue to deploy our Leadership Development Program (LDP)
                                                                            to be paid on or about June 26, 2026. This payment, together
to develop our pool of talent for the future. The LDP initiative is
                                                                            with the interim dividend of HK125.00 cents (approximately
successfully feeding talent into key positions throughout the company.
                                                                            US16.09 cents) per share (2024: HK108.00 cents (approximately
                                                                            US13.90 cents)) paid on September 19, 2025, makes a total payment
Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Securities                                  of HK257.00 cents (approximately US33.08 cents) per share for
Other than 2,425,000 shares and 1,675,000 shares of the Company             2025 (2024: HK226.00 cents (approximately US29.09 cents)).
purchased on-market by the trustee for satisfying the awarded shares
granted under the Company’s share award scheme and the Employee             Closure of Register of Members
Equity Incentive Plan (details of which will be set out in the Report of
                                                                            The register of members of the Company will be closed for the
the Directors to be included in this Annual Report) respectively, a total
                                                                            following periods:
of 3,500,000 ordinary shares were bought back by the Company during
the year at prices ranging from HK$83.55 to HK$106.20 per share.            To ascertain members’ eligibility to attend and vote at the 2026
The consideration paid by the Company for such buy-backs of the             Annual General Meeting, the register of members of the Company
shares of approximately US$41,728,000 was charged to retained profits.      will be closed from May 6, 2026 to May 8, 2026, both days inclusive,
                                                                            during which period no transfers of shares will be effected. In order
The shares bought back were cancelled subsequently and accordingly
                                                                            to qualify to attend and vote at the 2026 Annual General Meeting,
the issued share capital of the Company was reduced. The buy-backs
                                                                            all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be
of the Company’s shares during the year were effected by the Directors
                                                                            lodged with the Company’s share registrars, Tricor Investor Services
pursuant to the mandate granted by shareholders at the previous
                                                                            Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
annual general meeting of the Company, with a view to benefiting
                                                                            Kong for registration not later than 4:00 p.m. on May 5, 2026.
shareholders as a whole by enhancing the net asset value per share
and earnings per share of the Company.                                      To ascertain members’ entitlement to the final dividend, the register
                                                                            of members of the Company will be closed on May 18, 2026 when
Except as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its
                                                                            no transfers of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the final
subsidiaries has, during the year, purchased, sold or redeemed
                                                                            dividend, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates
any listed securities of the Company. As at December 31, 2025,
                                                                            must be lodged with the Company’s share registrars, Tricor Investor
the Company did not hold any treasury shares.
                                                                            Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road,
                                                                            Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:00 p.m. on May 15, 2026.
Review of Financial Information
The Audit Committee has reviewed with senior management of
the Group and Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu the accounting
principles and practices adopted by the Group and has discussed
internal controls and financial reporting matters, including a review
of the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2025. The Board acknowledges its responsibility for
the preparation of the accounts of the Group.




                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025       53
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Group Executive Directors

                                    Mr Horst Julius Pudwill, aged 81, is Executive Chairman of TTI, a position he has held since he jointly
                                    founded the Group in 1985. Until 2008, he also served as Chief Executive Officer. As Executive Chairman,
                                    Mr Pudwill focuses on the strategic planning and development of the Group and continues to have oversight
                                    of the operations. Mr Pudwill has extensive experience in international trade, business and commerce.
                                    Mr Pudwill is also a director of Sunning Inc. which has an interest in the equity of the Company.

                                    Mr Pudwill holds a Master of Science Degree in Engineering and a General Commercial Degree.

                                    Mr Pudwill is the father of Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill, Executive Vice Chairman and Group Executive Director.
Horst Julius Pudwill
MSc
Executive Chairman



                                    Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill, aged 49, joined the Group in 2004. Mr Pudwill was appointed as Executive
                                    Director in 2006 and subsequently was appointed as the Executive Vice Chairman of the Company on
                                    October 1, 2016. He is mainly responsible for managing, improving and monitoring internal operations
                                    and identifying synergistic business opportunities within the Group.

                                    Prior to joining the Group, Mr Pudwill held managerial positions at Daimler Chrysler AG that included
                                    product marketing and strategic planning for the Mercedes-Benz car group.

                                    Mr Pudwill holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree from the University of British Columbia and is Mr Horst Julius
Stephan Horst Pudwill
                                    Pudwill’s son.
Executive Vice Chairman



                                    Mr Steven Philip Richman, aged 66, was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect
                                    from May 21, 2024 and subsequently was appointed as an Executive Director on August 6, 2024. Mr Richman
                                    graduated from the University of California, Los Angeles and holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political
                                    Science, with a focus on business.

                                    In January 2007, Mr Richman was appointed by the Company as the President of the flagship Milwaukee
                                    business (“Milwaukee Tool”) and he served in that role for over 17 years (until his recent promotion in
                                    January 2024 to the role of Senior Group President), during which time Milwaukee Tool has experienced
Steven Philip Richman               unprecedented performance, including double digit compounded annual growth in revenue over the last
Chief Executive Officer             decade. His responsibilities encompass every facet of Milwaukee Tool’s business, including overseeing
                                    global product development, manufacturing operations, and sales and marketing.

                                    Mr Richman, who is a veteran of the power tool and outdoor power equipment industry, has a wealth of
                                    professional experience spanning over 35 years in the management of industrial, electrical, plumbing,
                                    and retail distribution operations. Before joining the Group, he held key management positions with
                                    BLACK & DECKER® and served as president of SKIL® and BOSCH® Power Tools for over five years respectively.
                                    He is a member of the board of directors of Traeger, Inc., the shares of which are listed on the New York
                                    Stock Exchange.




54    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                            BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Group Executive Directors (continued)

                                Mr Patrick Kin Wah Chan, aged 66, joined the Group in 1988 and was appointed as Executive Director
                                in 1990. He is now in charge of the manufacturing operations of the Group.

                                Mr Chan is currently the Vice-Chairman of Governing Board of the Dongguan City Association of Enterprises
                                with Foreign Investment, he is also the Vice-Director of Electric Tool Sub-Association of China Electrical
                                Equipment Industrial Association.

                                Mr Chan is a fellow member of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and the Hong Kong
                                Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
Patrick Kin Wah Chan
FCCA, FCPA
Operations Director



                                Mr Frank Chi Chung Chan, aged 72, joined the Group in 1991 and was appointed as Executive Director
                                in 1992. He is now responsible for corporate affairs and financial management of the Group.

                                Mr Chan is a fellow member of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and the Hong Kong
                                Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a fellow member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in
                                England & Wales and qualified to practise as a Certified Public Accountant in Hong Kong.

                                Mr Chan is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of Gold Peak Technology Group Limited
                                which is listed on the stock exchange of Hong Kong.
Frank Chi Chung Chan
FCCA, FCPA, CPA (Practising)
Group Chief Financial Officer



                                Mr Camille Jojo, aged 69, was first appointed as a Non-executive Director on October 30, 2015 and
                                re-designated as an Executive Director with effect from December 1, 2023. Mr Jojo was appointed as
                                Head of Group Legal, Compliance and Corporate Governance on December 1, 2023. Mr Jojo has practiced
                                as a lawyer in Hong Kong for a continuous period in excess of 40 years as a specialist in (i) civil litigation in
                                the higher courts of Hong Kong; (ii) arbitration; and (iii) regulatory. He graduated with a LL.B. Hons. degree
                                from the University of Cardiff in 1977 and obtained his Professional Qualifying Examination Certificate from
                                Guildford College of Law in 1978. He was qualified and was admitted as a solicitor of the Supreme Court
                                of England and Wales in 1980, as a solicitor of the Supreme Court of Hong Kong in 1982 and as a solicitor
Camille Jojo
                                and barrister of the Supreme Court of Victoria, Australia in 1984. Mr Jojo was admitted as a fellow of the
Head of Group Legal,
                                Chartered Institute of Arbitrators in November 1997. He has been a member of the Law Society Insolvency
Compliance and
                                Law Committee since 1996 and was granted Higher Rights of Audience as a solicitor advocate in respect
Corporate Governance
                                of civil proceedings in the Hong Kong Courts in 2015. Mr Jojo was awarded the Dispute Resolution Lawyer
                                of the Year 2018 at the 17th Annual Hong Kong Law Awards.




                                                                                                Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025       55
BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Independent Non-executive Directors

                                    Mr Robert Hinman Getz, aged 63, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company
                                    with effect from January 1, 2020 and subsequently was appointed as the lead Independent Non-executive
                                    Director of the Company on March 31, 2025. Mr Getz has over 35 years of experience as a private equity
                                    investor and advisor. He has extensive experience in private and public equity and debt transactions,
                                    international mergers and acquisitions and in advising companies on strategic opportunities and operations.
                                    Mr Getz holds a Master of Business Administration Degree in Finance from New York University, and
                                    a Bachelor of Arts Degree in International Relations, cum laude, from Boston University.
Robert Hinman Getz                  Mr Getz currently serves as the Founder and Managing Partner of Pecksland Capital, a private investment and
Lead Independent                    advisory firm since 2016. Mr Getz previously served as Co-Founder and Managing Director of Cornerstone
Non-executive Director              Equity Investors, a New York based private equity concern, from 1996 to 2016. Before the formation of
                                    Cornerstone in 1996, Mr Getz served as a Managing Director and Partner of Prudential Equity Investors
                                    and its predecessor firm Prudential Venture Capital.

                                    Mr Getz has served as a Director of numerous United States and international public and private companies
                                    in the technology, manufacturing, finance, and metals and mining sectors. Mr Getz currently serves as
                                    a Non-executive Director of Ero Copper Corp. (ERO:TSE), a public Brazilian copper and gold mining
                                    production and exploration company. He also previously served as the Non-executive Chairman of the
                                    Board of Directors of Haynes International, Inc. (HAYN:NSDQ), a public United States-based integrated
                                    developer and producer of specialty alloys primarily for use in the aerospace industry until its acquisition
                                    by North America Stainless in November 2024; and a Non-Executive Director of Newmarket Gold Inc.,
                                    a public Australian gold mining and exploration company prior to its acquisition by Kirkland Lake Gold
                                    in 2017. Mr Getz is a member of the National Association of Corporate Directors.



                                    Mr Peter David Sullivan, aged 77, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director on February 1,
                                    2008. He was the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong)
                                    Limited, the largest single franchise in the Standard Chartered Group. Mr Sullivan also held governance
                                    responsibility for the franchises in the Standard Chartered Group in Japan, Australia, the Philippines and
                                    was vice chairman in Standard Chartered’s minority holding in Bohai Bank in Tianjin, China. He also held
                                    a number of other major appointments including the Chairman of the Hong Kong Association of Banks and
                                    Chairman of the British Chamber of Commerce.
Peter David Sullivan                Mr Sullivan retired as Chairman of Circle BMI Health, the largest private hospital group in the United Kingdom
                                    on December 31, 2024. He was a member of the Audit Committee and Chairman of the Remuneration
                                    Committee. He retired as a Non-executive Director of AXA ASIA, AXA China Region Insurance Company
                                    Limited, AXA Wealth Management Limited and AXA General Insurance (Hong Kong) Limited in May 2021.
                                    He was also a member of the Audit Committee of AXA Asia.

                                    Until retiring, Mr Sullivan was the Lead Independent Director to the boards of the Standard Bank Group
                                    and the Standard Bank of South Africa where he held responsibility as Chairman of both the group IT
                                    Committee and Remuneration Committee. He was also a member of the Audit Committee and the Capital
                                    and Risk Committee.

                                    In addition to his extensive industry experience in Banking, Insurance and Health Care, Mr Sullivan had
                                    broad geographic experience having lived and worked in Australia, South Africa, Singapore, the USA, the
                                    United Kingdom and Hong Kong. Mr Sullivan is a keen sportsman and played in 15 internationals for the
                                    Australian rugby team. He captained the Wallabies in 1972 and was the leader of the team that toured
                                    England and Wales in 1973. Mr Sullivan holds a Bachelor of Science (Physical Education) degree from
                                    the University of NSW (Wollongong).




56    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                      BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Independent Non-executive Directors (continued)

                            Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse (commonly known as Hans-Gerd Hesse), aged 66, was appointed as an
                            Independent Non-executive Director of the Company with effect from October 1, 2016. Mr Hesse holds
                            a graduate degree in Business Administration (Diplom-Kaufmann) from the University of Cologne and
                            has acquired extensive marketing, business management, strategy, leadership, corporate governance
                            and stewardship experience throughout Europe and Asia.

                            Joining RJ Reynolds International, a division of RJR Nabisco Inc. in 1988, Mr Hesse held market research
                            and marketing positions in Germany, its regional headquarters in Switzerland and the Czech Republic
Johannes-Gerhard Hesse      & Slovakia. In 1996, he was appointed General Manager Hungary and in 1998 Regional Vice President
                            Marketing for the Commonwealth of Independent States & Baltics (i.e. Russia and all other former Soviet
                            Union republics).

                            In 1999, JT International, a division of Japan Tobacco Inc. (“JTI”), appointed Mr Hesse as General Manager
                            Singapore, Philippines & Australasia. He became Vice President & General Manager China in 2002 and
                            served simultaneously as Vice Chairman on the board of directors of China American Cigarette Co. JV in
                            Xiamen. In 2003 followed his appointment to Vice President Corporate Strategy at JTI’s global headquarters.
                            In 2007, Mr Hesse joined JTI’s Executive Committee as Regional President Asia Pacific based in Hong
                            Kong, holding concurrently governance and board director responsibilities in affiliates of the JTI Group of
                            Companies in Asia. He retired from these positions before the end of 2010.

                            From 2011 onwards, Mr Hesse started to develop his proprietary investment holding and business advisory
                            company. Since lifelong learning and the ability to anticipate and adapt to change are essential, he regularly
                            participates in programs and seminars at renowned management schools. Mr Hesse is a member of the
                            Swiss Institute of Directors as well as the Hong Kong Institute of Directors.



                            Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding, aged 56, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the
                            Company with effect from April 9, 2021. Ms Wilmerding received an A.B. degree in East Asian Studies,
                            summa cum laude, from Princeton University. She speaks fluent conversational Mandarin and can read
                            and write Chinese.

                            An American now based in New York, Ms Wilmerding spent two-thirds of her career to date based in
                            Greater China. She is currently a Partner at FGS Global, a strategic communications advisory firm and
                            KKR portfolio company with 31 offices worldwide, recently formed by the combination of Finsbury,
Virginia Davis Wilmerding   Hering Schuppener, The Glover Park Group and Sard Verbinnen. Prior to joining FGS Global in 2020,
                            Ms Wilmerding was a Partner at Brunswick Group, where she helped drive dramatic growth in the Asia
                            business from 2010 to 2020.

                            As a reputational risk advisor who has worked with some of the biggest listed companies in Asia, the U.S. and
                            Europe, Ms Wilmerding offers the Board broad geopolitical risk, sustainability and critical issues expertise,
                            as well as a deep knowledge of public company transactions, investor and proxy advisor expectations, and
                            regulatory matters. Her recent experience working with global technology clients, including advising on IPOs
                            and M&A, ESG reporting and governance practices, and her current advisory of Asian clients on public affairs
                            matters in the U.S., are particularly valuable to the Board.

                            Ms Wilmerding’s early experience in Asia in the 1990s included business development, operations and
                            logistics roles for CK Hutchison and Nokia (formerly Lucent Technologies). She also headed corporate affairs
                            for U.S. private equity-backed Internet services companies in Boston.

                            Ms Wilmerding was a Board Trustee of the Princeton in Asia Foundation from 1997-2021, where she served
                            on the Board’s executive, nominating and governance, and development committees. In 2022, Ms Wilmerding
                            earned the CFA Institute Certificate in ESG Investing and in 2021, she earned the Financial Times Level 7
                            Non-Executive Director Diploma, a formally accredited, post-graduate qualification for non-executive directors.
                            She was a founding steering committee member of the 30% Club Hong Kong. Ms Wilmerding is a Member
                            of the National Association of Corporate Directors (NACD), the National Committee on U.S. China Relations,
                            and the U.S. China Business Council.


                                                                                          Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025      57
BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Independent Non-executive Directors (continued)

                                    Ms Caroline Christina Kracht, aged 53, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the
                                    Company with effect from March 7, 2022. Ms Kracht is an expert adviser to boards and top management
                                    teams on business strategy and corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, as well as capital markets.
                                    She holds a Master Degree in Management (with distinction), the German university degree of Diplom-Kauffrau
                                    and a French Diplôme de Grande Ecole from ESCP Business School. Ms Kracht also attended the Advanced
                                    Management Program at the Harvard Business School.

                                    Ms Kracht is a co-founder and partner of MoreThan Capital, a Luxembourg based global investment and
Caroline Christina Kracht           advisory firm founded, backed, and powered by a global community of business leaders, focused on
                                    investing in and helping companies on the verge of scaling-up enter new markets and transform from
                                    start-ups into mature businesses. She is also a sector expert in financial services, energy (oil and gas,
                                    power, renewables), industrials, chemicals, and other natural resources with global experience working
                                    in Asia, Europe and North America.

                                    Ms Kracht was the head of investment banking (Asia-Pacific) and a member of Scotiabank’s Asia-Pacific
                                    executive team for Scotiabank from 2016 to 2020. She joined Scotiabank in Hong Kong as managing
                                    director responsible for energy investment banking across Asia-Pacific in 2011. Prior to this, Ms Kracht
                                    spent 13 years with Morgan Stanley with increasingly senior positions in investment banking and firm
                                    management in London, San Francisco, Frankfurt and Hong Kong. During Ms Kracht’s 22-year career at
                                    Scotiabank and Morgan Stanley, the executive management expertise she has gained is directly relevant
                                    to strategy, audit, risk and compliance, nomination and remuneration, and ethics committees. She speaks
                                    fluent English, German and French.

                                    Ms Kracht is a founder of GJWHF Ltd., a Hong Kong non-profit organization on the economic empowerment
                                    of women.



                                    Mr Andrew Philip Roberts, aged 69, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company
                                    with effect from January 1, 2024. Mr Roberts is a qualified chartered accountant of the Institute of England
                                    and Wales who obtained a BA (Honours) degree in Economics from the University of Manchester. Following
                                    his qualification, Mr Roberts gained extensive experience working as an auditor with the global auditing firm
                                    of Deloitte during his formative professional years. From 1993 onwards until 2012, Mr Roberts held senior
                                    leadership positions in finance at the Anglo-Dutch conglomerate, Shell Group, which included the following
                                    appointments: Executive Vice President of Finance in Shell Trading London, Chair of the Supervisory Board
                                    in Shell Asset Management, Executive Vice President of Finance in Shell Gas and Power, Executive Vice
Andrew Philip Roberts
                                    President of Finance in Shell Retail, Executive Vice President of Finance in Shell Trading North America,
                                    Shell Trading Controller and Compliance Officer. His responsibilities whilst at the Shell Group included
                                    strategy, planning, corporate governance, compliance, regulatory, risk management and treasury functions
                                    and also overall supervision and management of a large global finance team of 430 officers located in
                                    overseas offices. Mr Roberts brought a wealth of experience to these roles, exemplifying a demonstrable
                                    ability to strategize, plan and successfully operationalize broad and complex portfolios within a robust risk,
                                    control and compliance framework.

                                    In addition, Mr Roberts’ most recent role was Chief Financial Officer at Shelf Drilling in Dubai where he
                                    developed the finance, treasury, tax, internal audit function and associated IT systems with operations
                                    in multiple countries pre-IPO.




58    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                 BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Independent Non-executive Directors (continued)

                          Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng, aged 45, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company
                          with effect from October 7, 2024. Ms Ng holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering &
                          Computer Science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge and has extensive experience
                          in finance and investment.

                          Ms Ng is currently a Non-executive Director of Gold Peak Technology Group Limited, a battery and electronics
                          manufacturer, which is listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. In addition, she was the Chief
                          Operating Officer of GRST Holdings Limited, a 2023 Earthshot Prize winning Li-ion battery materials and
Karen Ka Fai Ng           technology company till 2025. Prior to joining Gold Peak and GRST, Ms Ng managed transactions in Asia
                          Pacific for leading financial institutions including J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited and Bain
                          Capital Credit and has more than 10 years experience in finance and investments in the region. Ms Ng is
                          also a Trustee of WYNG Foundation, a privately-funded foundation focused on the mental, physical, social
                          and cultural well-being of Hong Kong people. She is also the current president of the MIT Club of Hong Kong
                          and advisory board member of the MIT Hong Kong Innovation Node.



                          Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong, aged 58, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of
                          the Company with effect from October 7, 2024. Mr Wong holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics,
                          cum laude, from Hobart and William Smith Colleges, and a Juris Doctorate Degree from Stanford Law
                          School. He has extensive experience in investment banking, particularly with equity, equity-linked,
                          debt and structured financings in Asia and the U.S. as well as international mergers and acquisitions.

                          Mr Wong currently serves as a managing partner and member of the investment committee at Valley
                          Capital Partners, a leading Silicon Valley-based venture capital firm recognized for their early-stage
Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong    investments in transformative enterprise technology, next generation cybersecurity, AI transformation of
                          businesses, and breakthrough innovation in collaboration tools, SaaS, and workflow technology. Mr Wong
                          previously served as a managing director, co-head of the Real Estate Group in Asia ex-Japan and chairman
                          of Hong Kong investment banking at Goldman Sachs. During Mr Wong’s 19-year tenure at Goldman Sachs,
                          he led the firm’s coverage of some of the most prominent clients in Asia and the U.S., including global
                          financial sponsor firms and leading companies within the largest industry sectors. He also helped build
                          the leading market share for the firm’s franchises in Hong Kong, China and real estate investment banking
                          in Asia ex-Japan. Mr Wong also served on the investment banking operating committee for Asia ex-Japan,
                          was the division’s captain for the OneGS cross divisional platform and served as Senior Champion for the
                          division’s recruiting and mentorship program. In 2020, Mr Wong was the recipient of the firm’s prestigious
                          John L. Weinberg Award.

                          Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, Mr Wong was an executive director and chief of staff for the Equity Capital
                          Markets Group for Asia ex-Japan at Morgan Stanley in Hong Kong from 1997 to 2003. In addition, Mr Wong
                          serves as a member of the Advisory Board of Factify Technologies, a member of the Board of Directors of
                          Paxel ai, a member of the Board of the Stanford Law School Venture Fund, Board of Trustees of Hobart and
                          William Smith Colleges, New York, a member of the Board of Directors of The Jackie Robinson Foundation,
                          New York, and is a published author of three books on historical baseball collectibles by Smithsonian Books,
                          Washington D.C.




                                                                                       Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025    59
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Company is committed to high standard corporate governance                     Board of Directors
to enhance shareholders’ interests and promote sustainable
development. A quality board of directors (the “Board” or                          Roles and Responsibilities
“Directors”) with balanced skills, experience and diversity of                     The Board is collectively responsible for leading, supervising and
perspectives is vital to the Company for effective risk management,                creating directions and strategies for the affairs of the Group with
internal controls and leadership, as well as transparency and                      an effective corporate governance framework to strive for long term
accountability to all shareholders. The Board reviews codes of                     success of the Company. The Board is also responsible for ensuring
conducts, policies and practices, corporate governance framework                   ongoing effective communication with shareholders and engagement
                                                                                   with key stakeholders. The principal responsibilities of the Board
and disclosure of this Corporate Governance Report from time to
                                                                                   include, but are not limited to, the following:
time to improve the Company’s corporate governance practices in
respect of the latest developments on all applicable laws, rules and               •   develop and monitor the overall mid-term and long-term
regulations. A description of the share schemes of the Company                         directions, objectives and strategies of the Company;
can be found in the “Report of the Directors” section of this Annual
                                                                                   •   supervise and evaluate financial performance and operations of
Report. The above sections form part of this report.                                   the Company by determining the annual budget and continuous
                                                                                       review of performance results;
Compliance with the Corporate Governance
                                                                                   •   monitor and review risks and changes in local and international
Code                                                                                   business communities to enhance shareholders’ value;
The Board has reviewed the Company’s corporate governance
practices and is satisfied that the Company has complied with all                  •   set, monitor and oversee the policies and practices on corporate
the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code set out in                        governance of the Company; and
Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the                •   consider matters covering appointment of Directors, senior
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) (the                         management and external auditors, major acquisitions and
“Corporate Governance Code”) throughout the year ended                                 disposals, as well as other significant operational matters.
December 31, 2025, save that none of the Directors are appointed for
                                                                                   Delegation to Board committees and senior management of
a specific term since they are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election
                                                                                   the Group with specific functions is continuously monitored by
 in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company (the
                                                                                   the Board with clear instructions as well as reservation for the Board’s
“Articles”). Under Article 107(A) of the Articles, one-third of
                                                                                   decision and consideration of specifically identified matters.
the Board must retire by rotation at each annual general meeting of                The Board reviews regularly the formal written procedures adopted by
the Company, and if eligible, offer themselves for re-election.                    the Company for the governance of delegation and reservation of
                                                                                   responsibilities of the Board.
Corporate Governance Policy
                                                                                   The Board considers that Board evaluation is essential to assess
Corporate governance is essential in maintaining sustainability.
                                                                                   its performance, effectiveness and efficiency. An internal Board
The Board continuously reviews, monitors and develops the policies                 evaluation was conducted during the year with each Director
and practices of corporate governance to ensure the compliance of                  completing a Board evaluation questionnaire providing comments
the laws, rules and regulatory requirements governing the Group as                 on aspects including, but not limited to, Board performance, Board
well as the Articles. The Board performs the corporate governance                  diversity, information flow, Board proceedings and ethics and
function through, but not limited to, the following:                               conducts. The objective of the evaluation is to confirm that the Board
•    review the disclosure set out in this Corporate Governance                    and Board committees continue to operate effectively in fulfilling
                                                                                   their expected duties and responsibilities, and to identify action
     Report;
                                                                                   plans for further improvement. Positive feedback was received in
•    monitor and review the Directors’ and the senior management’s                 recognition of the Company’s continuous efforts in the improvement
     training, continuous professional development and succession                  of communication and information flow. Effective communication
     plans;                                                                        and timely information flow are crucial for the Board to perform its
                                                                                   duties and formulate appropriate long-term strategies. Directors also
•    review and monitor the compliance of the Model Code for
                                                                                   expressed their satisfaction on the Executive Chairman’s leadership
     Securities Transactions by Directors, the Code for Securities
                                                                                   and the Directors’ active participation in Board and Board committee
     Transactions by Relevant Employees and other codes of conduct                 meetings. The Board is satisfied that it has fulfilled its performance
     of the Company; and                                                           objectives, and that each Director has made positive and meaningful
•    monitor and review compliance with the Corporate Governance                   contributions to the overall effectiveness of the Board and Board
     Code.                                                                         committees.


60     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Board Composition
As at the date of this report, the Board consists
of six Group Executive Directors and eight                                                                                    Accounting
Independent Non-executive Directors. An analysis                                                                              Business
of the current composition of the Board of
                                                                                     Educational                              Engineering
the Company is set out below:
                                                                                     Background                               Legal

Group Executive Directors                                                                                                     Others

Mr Horst Julius Pudwill (Executive Chairman)                                                                                  Science
Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill (Executive Vice Chairman)
Mr Steven Philip Richman (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr Kin Wah Chan (Operations Director)
Mr Chi Chung Chan (Group Chief Financial Officer)               Remark: The above graph stated the information as at March 3, 2026 (i.e. the date
                                                                        of this report)
Mr Camille Jojo (Head of Group Legal,
  Compliance and Corporate Governance)

Independent Non-executive                                                                                                     Finance & Accounting
Directors                                                                                                                     Banking
Mr Robert Hinman Getz (Lead Independent
                                                                                                                              Consumer Products
  Non-executive Director)
                                                                                                                              Industrial
Mr Peter David Sullivan                                                              Professional
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse                                                                                                     Legal
                                                                                     Experience
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding                                                                                                  Consultancy
Ms Caroline Christina Kracht                                                                                                  Technology/Telecom
Mr Andrew Philip Roberts                                                                                                      Metals & Mining
Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng                                                                                                            ESG
Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong

Biographical details and relevant relationships of              Remark: The above graph stated the information as at March 3, 2026 (i.e. the date
the members of the Board are set out on pages                           of this report)
54 to 59 of this Annual Report. A list of Directors
and their roles and functions are published on the
Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com) and the
                                                                  Gender
Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk).                                                                                         Male         Female


                                                              Designation
                                                                                                                   INED                              ED


                                                                 Ethnicity
                                                                                         Chinese                                             Non-Chinese


                                                               Age Group
                                                                                     45–55           56–65                               66–75   76–83
                                                       Attendance Rate at
                                                         Board and Board
                                                      Committee Meetings                                                                           100%

                                                         Length of Service
                                                                   (Years)                              0–5                       6–20           21–40


                                                                             0   1   2    3    4    5     6    7     8    9     10 11 12 13 14

                                                                                                    Number of Directors

                                                                Remark: The above graph stated the information as at March 3, 2026 (i.e. the date
                                                                        of this report)




                                                                                          Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025                  61
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                          6 EDs              3 Female               7 INEDs             100%                   83%                  100%
                                                             +                  +                      ≤
                                                          8 INEDs            11 Male                9 Years                 INED                  INED                  INED

                                                                         Board Composition                                               Board Committees

                                                                                                   Length of
                                                         Designation           Gender            Service (Years)            Audit             Nomination           Remuneration
Mr Horst Julius Pudwill                                        ED                Male                     39                                         C
Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill                                       ED                Male                     19
Mr Steven Philip Richman                                       ED                Male                     1
Mr Kin Wah Chan                                                ED                Male                     35
Mr Chi Chung Chan                                              ED                Male                     34
Mr Camille Jojo                                                ED                Male                     10
Mr Peter David Sullivan                                      INED                Male                     18                     C                                        M
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse                                    INED                Male                     9                   M                     M
Mr Robert Hinman Getz                                        INED                Male                     6                   M                     M                        C
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding                                 INED              Female                     4                                         M                     M
Ms Caroline Christina Kracht                                 INED              Female                     3                   M                     M
Mr Andrew Philip Roberts                                     INED                Male                     2                   M                                           M
Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng                                           INED              Female                     1                                                               M
Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong                                    INED                Male                     1                                         M

ED: Group Executive Director INED: Independent Non-executive Director C: Chairman M: Member

Remark: The above graph stated the information as at March 3, 2026 (i.e. the date of this report)




Board Composition Matrix

                                                    Executive Directors                                           Independent Non-executive Directors

                                   Mr Horst Mr Stephan Mr Steven    Mr Kin   Mr Chi Mr Camille   Mr Peter Mr Johannes- Mr Robert Ms Virginia Ms Caroline Mr Andrew Ms Karen Mr Stephen
                                      Julius      Horst    Philip     Wah    Chung       Jojo      David       Gerhard Hinman         Davis    Christina      Philip     Ka Tsi Chuen
Skills / Experience                 Pudwill     Pudwill Richman      Chan     Chan               Sullivan       Hesse       Getz Wilmerding      Kracht     Roberts  Fai Ng       Wong

C-suite equivalent experience           •           •          •        •        •          •         •           •          •          •           •          •         •          •
Global operations experience            •           •          •        •        •          •         •           •          •          •           •          •         •          •
Manufacturing experience                •           •          •        •        •                                •          •                                 •         •
Risk management and compliance          •           •          •        •        •          •         •           •          •          •           •          •         •          •
M&A and corporate strategy              •           •          •                 •          •         •           •          •          •           •          •         •          •
Finance experience                      •           •          •        •        •          •         •           •          •          •           •          •         •          •
Accounting experience                                                   •        •                    •                      •                      •          •
Technology / Engineering                •           •          •        •        •                                           •          •                                •          •
Marketing and branding                  •           •          •                                      •           •                     •
Human capital                           •           •          •        •        •          •         •           •          •          •           •          •                    •
Government, legal and regulatory        •                                        •          •         •           •                     •                      •                    •
ESG / Sustainability                                •                                                             •          •          •                                •          •


Remark: The above graph stated the information as at March 3, 2026 (i.e. the date of this report)



62        Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Both the management of the Board and the day-to-day management                To ensure the Board performs effectively and enhances its diversity,
are essential to maintain the Company’s sustainability and long-term          appointment of directors is recommended by the Nomination
success. The roles of Executive Chairman and Chief Executive                  Committee for approval by the Board. By considering the expertise,
Officer (“CEO”) of the Company have been segregated and clearly               skills and experience of candidates for directorship, the Nomination
distinguished in order to promote balance of power, authority and             Committee makes recommendations to the Board in order to achieve
accountability.                                                               the effective balance and diversity of the Board. Directors are aware
                                                                              that they must be able to contribute sufficient time and attention to
The roles of Executive Chairman comprise, but are not limited to, the
                                                                              the affairs of the Company before accepting their appointment. A
following:
                                                                              formal and detailed orientation is provided for each newly appointed
•   encourages all Directors to make full and active contributions to         Director to ensure proper understanding of duties and responsibilities
    the Board’s affairs to enhance the performance of the Board’s             of Directors under the Listing Rules, the Articles, and related
    responsibilities;                                                         ordinances and relevant regulatory requirements of Hong Kong.
                                                                              Every newly appointed Director must receive legal advice from the
•   ensures all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at
                                                                              solicitors of the Company advising on Hong Kong law as regards
    Board meetings and always receive clear, accurate and reliable
                                                                              the requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to
    information in a timely manner;
                                                                              directors. Newly appointed first-time Director must also complete
•   oversees practices and procedures of the Group and ensures                no less than 24 hours of continuous professional development
    the Board works effectively;                                              upon their appointment. Presentations by external professionals
                                                                              and senior executives of the Company are also provided to ensure
•   leads the Board to perform its responsibilities and acts in the best
                                                                              a proper understanding of the Company’s business and operations.
    interests of the Company;
                                                                              In accordance with the Articles and the Listing Rules, Directors are
•   provides guidance on the strategic plan and ensures alignment             subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.
    between the Board’s vision and management’s execution;                    Any Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy shall be subject to
•   oversees the performance of the CEO and senior management,                election by shareholders at the next annual general meeting after
    and takes lead in planning CEO succession and management                  their appointment.
    development; and                                                          The Board treasures independent views and culture of openness
•   enhances effective communication with shareholders and                    as key elements to its effectiveness. As at the date of this report,
    encourages that the views of shareholders are communicated to             Independent Non-executive Directors form a majority of the Board.
    the Board as a whole.                                                     The Company has complied with Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules in
                                                                              relation to the requirement of Independent Non-executive Directors.
The roles of CEO comprise, but are not limited to, the following:             All Independent Non-executive Directors meet the guidelines for
•   has direct responsibility for the day-to-day operations and overall       assessing independence set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.
    performance of the Group’s business;                                      The Company has received annual confirmations of independence
                                                                              from each of the Independent Non-executive Directors and are all still
•   enhances the global sales potential of the Company’s strong               considered to be independent.
    brand portfolio and facilitate the integration of acquisitions, if any;
                                                                              The Board has arranged appropriate Directors’ and Officers’ liability
•   develops and implements the Company’s strategic initiatives and           insurance to indemnify the Directors and Officers of the Group for
    management strategies, approved by the Board;                             liabilities arising out of corporate activities. The coverage and the sum
•   ensures the effective implementation of Board decisions;                  insured under the policy are reviewed annually.

•   manages the Company’s resources, oversees its financial and
    operational performance, and drives profitability;

•   builds and leads the executive team, communicating
    the Company’s vision and ensuring a strong organizational culture;
    and

•   maintains a regular dialogue with the Executive Chairman and the
    Executive Vice Chairman and ensures the Board receives timely
    and accurate information.




                                                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025       63
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Directors’ Continuous Professional                                          All Directors participate in continuous professional development as
                                                                            set out in Rule 3.09F and 3.09G of the Listing Rules. During 2025,
Development
                                                                            the Directors received at least 1.5 hours and up to 106.5 hours of
In order to ensure all Directors are aware of the current trends in
                                                                            training by way of, but not limited to, attending internal and external
the commercial and regulatory environment in which the Company
                                                                            seminars and webinars, participating in panel discussion and
conducts its business, the Company provides regular updates,
                                                                            in-person meetings, and self-studying reading materials on topics as
written materials and trainings to them on relevant laws, rules and
                                                                            set out in Rule 3.09G of the Listing Rules, representing an average of
regulations. To ensure that the Directors’ contributions to the Board
                                                                            approximately 20.3 hours for each Director. According to the records
remains informed and relevant, the Directors are encouraged to
                                                                            of training provided by each Director to the Company, the training
participate in various professional development programs such as
                                                                            received by the Directors in 2025 is summarized in the following
seminars, webcasts and relevant reading materials, especially in
                                                                            table:
relation to compliance requirements to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills and the latest updates on the relevant rules and
regulations.


                                                                   Topics of Continuous Professional Development

                                                        The Company’s
                                                        obligations and
                                                              Directors’
                                                           duties under
                                                             Hong Kong
                                                            law and the
                                           The roles,     Listing Rules,                                          Updates on
                                      functions and        and key legal                                             industry-
                                    responsibilities     and regulatory                                               specific
                                       of the Board,     developments                                          developments,        Approximate
                                    its committees           relevant to                                             business         number of
                                              and its     the discharge       Corporate                Risk       trends and            hours of
                                           Directors,            of such     governance       management            strategies          training
                                          and Board          obligations        and ESG        and internal        relevant to        completed
                                       effectiveness         and duties          matters          controls      the Company             in 2025
Group Executive Directors
Mr Horst Julius Pudwill                            √                    √               √                  √                  √         1.5 hours
Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill                           √                    √               √                  √                  √         1.5 hours
Mr Steven Philip Richman                           √                    √               √                  √                  √         1.5 hours
Mr Kin Wah Chan                                    √                    √               √                  √                  √       30.5 hours
Mr Chi Chung Chan                                  √                    √               √                  √                  √         42 hours
Mr Camille Jojo                                    √                    √               √                  √                  √         17 hours

Independent Non-executive
  Directors
Mr Peter David Sullivan                            √                    √               √                  √                  √         1.5 hours
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse                          √                    √               √                  √                  √         8.5 hours
Mr Robert Hinman Getz                              √                    √               √                  √                  √         3.5 hours
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding                       √                    √               √                  √                  √         46 hours
Ms Caroline Christina Kracht                       √                    √               √                  √                  √       10.5 hours
Mr Andrew Philip Roberts                           √                    √               √                  √                  √      106.5 hours
Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng                                 √                    √               √                  √                  √         4.5 hours
Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong                          √                    √               √                  √                  √           9 hours




64    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Compliance with the Codes for Securities                                  Board Committees
Transactions                                                              The Board has established three Board committees, namely the
The provisions of the Model Code for Securities Transactions by           Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration
Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules   Committee, to delegate various responsibilities of the Board. Each
(the “Model Code”) has been adopted by the Board. In response to          of these Board committees has specific written terms of reference
the specific enquiries made, all Directors have confirmed that they       which deal clearly with their authority and duties and have been
have fully complied with the required standards as set out in the         published on the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com) and the
Model Code during the year ended December 31, 2025.                       Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk).

The Company has also adopted another code of conduct on terms             The Directors continuously review the diversity and effectiveness of
no less onerous than the Model Code that applies to securities            the Board. To ensure independent views and inputs are available to
transactions of all relevant employees who may be in possession of        the Board, Independent Non-executive Directors form the majority
unpublished price sensitive information in relation to the Company        of all Board committees. With active participation and regular
(the “Code for Securities Transactions by Relevant Employees”).           attendance of Independent Non-executive Directors, independent
During the year, no incident of non-compliance was noted by               insights and opinions are encouraged to be contributed and
the Company.                                                              expressed at the Board committee meetings. The Board oversees
                                                                          and monitors the delegated authorities and responsibilities through
Both the Model Code and the Code for Securities Transactions by           regular reporting by the Board committees in relation to their
Relevant Employees have been published on the Company’s website           activities involved and recommendations and decisions made. The
(www.ttigroup.com).                                                       attendance records of each Board committee are set out in the
                                                                          section headed “Board, Board Committee and General Meetings in
Board Meetings                                                            2025” at the end of this report.
The Board focuses on the Company’s strategies and values for
on-going success and growth, sustainability of the Group and creating     Audit Committee
shareholder value. The Company held regular Board meetings,               The Audit Committee is chaired by Mr Peter David Sullivan with other
where at least four Board meetings are scheduled in a year with           members being Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse, Mr Robert Hinman
more frequent meetings as and when required. In 2025, a total of          Getz, Ms Caroline Christina Kracht and Mr Andrew Philip Roberts.
five Board meetings were held and the attendance records of each          (Note: Mr Andrew Philip Roberts has been appointed as the chairman
Director are set out in the section headed “Board, Board Committee        of the Audit Committee with effect from March 9, 2026 while
and General Meetings in 2025” at the end of this report.                  Mr Peter David Sullivan remains as a member of the Audit Committee.
Board meeting, Board committee meeting and Annual General                 Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong has also been appointed as a member of
Meeting dates for 2026 were agreed upon at the Board meeting              the Audit Committee with effect from March 9, 2026.) As at the date
held in August 2025 with an aim to ensure maximum attendance of           of this report, all members of the Audit Committee are Independent
Directors and to facilitate the effectiveness of the Board. The meeting   Non-executive Directors. The Company has complied with Rule
agendas are drawn up by the Executive Chairman in consultation with       3.21 of the Listing Rules in relation to the requirement of the Audit
members of the Board to propose any other matters for inclusion in        Committee.
the agendas. Minutes of the Board and Board committee meetings            The Audit Committee plays an important role in risk management,
with sufficient details of matters and concerns discussed are             internal control and financial reporting control aspects. The Audit
prepared and maintained by the Company Secretary of                       Committee aims to review and monitor the effectiveness of the
the Company (the “Company Secretary”), which are sent to the              risk management and internal control systems to ensure the
Directors for comments and records. The Company Secretary                 compliance with the Group’s obligations under the Listing Rules
keeps Board records in safe custody and makes them available for          and other applicable laws and regulations. The Audit Committee
inspection by the Directors.                                              oversees the completeness and integrity of the financial statements
All Directors are provided with accurate, reliable and clear              of the Company and takes ad hoc responsibilities which may be
information in a timely manner to facilitate informed decisions of        delegated by the Board from time to time. The Audit Committee is
the Board. Furthermore, all related materials with sufficient details     also directly responsible on behalf of the Board for the oversight of
in relation to the Board’s issues are accessible to all Directors. To     the performance of the Company’s external auditors, the assessment
enhance understanding of the business of the Group and Directors’         of the independence and qualifications of the external auditors, the
responsibilities under statute and at common law, all Directors           selection, oversight and remuneration of the Company’s external
are provided with briefings and professional development training         auditors and the maintenance of an appropriate relationship with the
as necessary. The Company Secretary provides full support to the          external auditors.
Directors in order to ensure Board procedures and all applicable
laws, rules and regulations are in compliance. Directors are also
provided with access to senior management of the Group and
independent professional advice upon request on performing their
duties at the Company’s expense.
                                                                                                Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     65
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Audit Committee held four meetings in 2025 and performed                The Nomination Committee held three meetings in 2025. The works
duties summarized below:                                                    performed by the Nomination Committee in 2025, with sufficient
                                                                            resources provided by the Company and/or independent professional
•    oversee the relationship between the Company and the external
                                                                            advice when necessary, included:
     auditors, assess the performance of the external auditors and
     recommend the re-appointment of the external auditors;                 •   review the size, composition, gender ratio and other diversity
                                                                                measures, structure and succession planning of the Board
•    review and assist to maintain the effectiveness of risk                    regularly;
     management and internal control systems of the Group;
                                                                            •   assess the independence of the Independent Non-executive
•    monitor and review the scope, extent and effectiveness of the              Directors;
     internal audit function of the Group;
                                                                            •   review the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy;
•    review the audit and non-audit services provided by the external
     auditors;                                                              •   make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating
                                                                                to the retirement and re-election of the Directors at the 2025
•    review and make recommendations to the Board for the approval              Annual General Meeting; and
     of the interim and annual financial statements of the Group;
                                                                            •   make recommendations to the Board on potential Director
•    monitor and review the Group’s accounting principles and                   candidates based on various relevant factors.
     practices, financial reporting matters and significant financial
     matters; and                                                           The Group has taken, and continues to take, steps to promote
                                                                            diversity at all levels of its workforce. The Board currently has three
•    take up responsibilities delegated by the Board to handle ad hoc       female Directors out of the fourteen Directors with balanced skills,
     matters and to consider various matters to improve the Board’s
                                                                            experience and diversity of perspectives to enhance the Company’s
     communication.
                                                                            business and values, representing over 21% of the Board as at the
                                                                            date of this Annual Report. Although no numerical targets have been
Nomination Committee
                                                                            specifically set as at the date of this Annual Report, the Board is
The Nomination Committee is chaired by Mr Horst Julius Pudwill
                                                                            committed to maintain the current gender ratio or as required under
(Executive Chairman of the Board) with the other members being
                                                                            the Listing Rules and other diversity levels, with the ultimate goal of
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse, Mr Robert Hinman Getz, Ms Virginia Davis
                                                                            achieving gender parity. The Company has two Directors of a different
Wilmerding, Ms Caroline Christina Kracht (who has been appointed
                                                                            gender in the Nomination Committee. Opportunities for employment,
as a member of Nomination Committee with effect from
                                                                            training and career development are equally opened to all eligible
March 31, 2025) and Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong (who has been
appointed as a member of Nomination Committee with effect from              employees without discrimination. Gender ratio of the Board of
March 31, 2025). (Note: Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng has been appointed as            the Company can be found in the section headed “Board Composition”
a member of the Nomination Committee with effect from March 9,              in this report. Gender ratio in the workforce of the Company can be
2026.) All members of the Nomination Committee except Mr Horst              found in the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” (“ESG
Julius Pudwill are Independent Non-executive Directors.                     Report”) which will be published separately. The ESG Report forms
                                                                            part of this report.
The Board realizes increasing diversity is vital in maintaining an
effective Board and recognizes the benefits of Board diversity.             The Board has adopted the Board Diversity Policy in August 2013,
The Board should have a balance of skills, experience and diversity of      which is published on the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com).
perspectives appropriate for the requirements of the business of            Widening diversity at the Board level is essential for sustainable
the Group in order to effectively discharge its function. The Nomination    development of the Group and the Board considers that the current
Committee aims to ensure a fair and transparent process of Board            diversity in respect of the Board taking into account the Group’s
appointments, and in particular, to assist the Board to identify            business model and industry-wide practice and specific needs of
suitably qualified candidates and make recommendations for                  the Company is satisfactory. The Nomination Committee would
consideration of the Board and shareholders. When considering               consider various perspectives and measurable objectives, including,
suitable Director candidates, the Nomination Committee considers            but not limited to, age, gender, professional experience, educational
factors including, but not limited to, age, gender, ethnicity, integrity,   background, cultural and length of service while reviewing the
personal skills, professional knowledge and industry experience, as         composition of the Board with an aim to promote gender diversity
well as the ability to contribute sufficient time and attention to
                                                                            culture and avoid a single gender Board. The ultimate decision will be
the Board in their recommendations.
                                                                            based on merit, time commitment and contribution that the Directors
                                                                            and any selected candidates will bring to the Board. An analysis of
                                                                            the current Board composition based on these objective criteria is




66     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




set out on page 61 of this report. The Directors have demonstrated a         The Remuneration Committee consults the Executive Chairman
strong commitment to the affairs of the Board and are fully aware of         of the Board regarding the remuneration packages for the Chief
the expectation that they will devote sufficient time to the discharge       Executive Officer (CEO) and other Executive Directors and makes
of their Board responsibilities. In addition, Directors are required to      recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of
disclose their other commitments, including directorships in other           Executive Directors, including, without limitation, base salaries,
publicly listed companies and major appointments with the Company            incentive payments and grants of share awards and share options.
as well as keeping the Company informed of any subsequent                    The Remuneration Committee also makes recommendations to
changes.                                                                     the Board on the remuneration of Independent Non-executive Directors.
                                                                             The Remuneration Committee reports directly to the Board on its
Beyond dedication to employee well-being, the Company is firmly
                                                                             decisions or recommendations.
committed to actively advancing inclusive prosperity for the society
as a whole. Our holistic approach to addressing all social dimensions        The Remuneration Committee held four meetings in 2025 and
of our business encompasses advocating for human and labor                   performed, among other work, the following:
rights, diversity and inclusion, talent management and engagement,
                                                                             •   recommend pay packages for Executive Directors and CEO to the
health, safety, and wellness, as well as community involvement and
                                                                                 full Board;
engagement. The Board’s Sustainability Sub-Committee and ESG
Working Committee, along with our Human Resource Teams are                   •   review and make recommendations on the existing Remuneration
responsible for evaluating our policies and initiatives in all these areas       Policy for Directors and senior management;
and overseeing the effectiveness of our management approach,
                                                                             •   review and update the peer group used to assess the
updating it as needed. The Company targets to maintain workforce
                                                                                 competitiveness of Executive Director remuneration;
gender composition with balance to the Group’s operational needs
and future development plans.                                                •   assess the Executive Directors’ performance and remuneration
                                                                                 packages;
Remuneration Committee                                                       •   review and approve material matters in relation to the share
The Remuneration Committee is chaired by Mr Robert Hinman Getz                   schemes adopted by the Company, including, without limitation,
with the other members of the Committee being Mr Peter David                     the approval of the grant of share awards under the 2018 Share
Sullivan, Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding, Mr Andrew Philip Roberts                 Award Scheme and Employee Equity Incentive Plan; and
(who has been appointed as a member of Remuneration Committee
with effect from March 31, 2025) and Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng (who has             •   the review of the rules and operation of the Company’s share
been appointed as a member of Remuneration Committee with effect                 schemes against the backdrop of the latest amendments to
from March 31, 2025). As at the date of this report, all members                 Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.
of the Remuneration Committee are Independent Non-executive
Directors.                                                                   GROUP INCENTIVE COMPENSATION
                                                                             The Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended to
The Remuneration Committee develops and administers fair and
                                                                             the Board for approval the 2025 incentive bonus payouts for the
transparent procedures for setting policy on the overall human
                                                                             Executive Chairman of the Board, the CEO and other Executive
resources strategy of the Group, including those related to the
                                                                             Directors commensurate with the strong absolute and relative
remuneration of the Group’s Directors and senior management.
                                                                             financial and operating performance delivered by the Group in
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for recommending the
                                                                             2025. In 2025 the Group achieved record revenue of US$15.3
remuneration packages of Directors of the Group taking into account
                                                                             billion, growing 4.1% in local currency and 4.4% at reported rates
their merit, competence and qualifications, individual performance,
                                                                             and earnings per share growth of 6.8%. The Company reported
the Company’s operating results and return to shareholders, and
                                                                             nearly US$1.4 billion in free cash flow in 2025, marking the third
considering relevant market practices. The Board ensures that
                                                                             consecutive year of over US$1.2 billion in free cash flow and ending
the Remuneration Committee has access to sufficient internal and
                                                                             the year in a net cash position of US$700 million. This strong overall
third-party resources, including professional advice, to fulfill its
                                                                             financial performance is a direct result of the Company’s investment
duties. The Group engages a global executive compensation firm,
                                                                             in its powerful brands and global manufacturing footprint which
Willis Towers Watson, as an independent third-party to advise the
                                                                             positions the Group well for future growth, market share gains and
Remuneration Committee on compensation matters, including
                                                                             continued profitability improvements.
providing assessments of the competitiveness of compensation of the
executive directors and the non-executive directors of the Group.




                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     67
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Compensation delivered to the Executive Directors, including the          The Board subsequently appointed Mr Richman to the additional
CEO, is conditional on the Company’s performance as assessed on           role of Executive Director of the Company with effect from August 6,
a number of operational and financial metrics as well as progress         2024. In relation to his previous appointment as the Chief Executive
against key strategic objectives. The Remuneration Committee              Officer of the Company, Mr Richman entered into a service contract
believes it is extremely important to align executive compensation        with the Company (the “Service Contract”) in respect of his capacity
with both short-term and long-term results and in shareholder             as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Service Contract
value creation. Executive compensation also takes into account the        has an initial fixed term of three years from May 21, 2024 to May 20,
Company’s overall progress on key sustainability priorities. These        2027 or such longer period as the Company may determine (upon
include efforts to reduce environmental impact, enhance product           recommendation of the Executive Chairman of the Board and with
safety, and promote employee health and well-being. The Board             Board approval), and which may thereafter be terminated by either
considers performance against these objectives as part of its holistic    Mr Richman or the Company by giving six months written notice.
assessment when determining annual and long-term incentive
                                                                          The financial terms under the Service Contract were determined
outcomes.
                                                                          by the Remuneration Committee after reviewing peer group data
As TTI competes primarily against large global organizations              and in consultation with the Company’s independent compensation
and sources proven executive talent from around the world, the            consultant Willis Towers Watson and was subsequently approved by
Remuneration Committee benchmarks executive and director                  the Board. Under the Service Contract, Mr Richman receives a basic
compensation pay levels against a group of global peer companies.         annual salary of US$1,500,000, subject to review by the Company
TTI sets ambitious performance standards and when establishing            from time to time. Mr Richman is also eligible to receive short term
executive and director pay levels, the Committee and the Board            incentive compensation in the form of annual bonus with a target
considers the pay levels and practices of these peer companies as         bonus of US$2,500,000, subject to adjustment to greater or lesser
well as TTI’s observed and sustained performance against these            amounts based on Company and individual performance. In addition,
peers, considering a wide range of internal and external factors such     Mr Richman is entitled to receive long term incentive compensation
as profitability, revenue growth, market share, capital efficiency,       in the form of annual performance related restricted share awards
operational goals such as product innovation and manufacturing            (the ‘Restricted Shares”) and share options (“the Share Options”) up
flexibility, and shareholder value creation.                              to a total of 800,000 Restricted Shares and up to a total of 400,000
                                                                          Share Options if, in the Board’s determination, certain corporate and
The Committee works to ensure that executive compensation is
                                                                          individual performance goals are achieved.
competitive against key business and talent competitors, that the
majority of compensation is performance-dependent, and that senior        Mr Richman’s total compensation package is structured to recognize
executives are held to rigorous performance standards.                    both short-term performance and sustained long-term results. It
                                                                          is intended to reward strong financial performance throughout his
GROUP CEO COMPENSATION                                                    tenure as CEO of the Group while incentivizing him to:
As announced on May 20, 2024 Mr Steven Philip Richman was
                                                                          •   achieve the Board’s short-term and long-term financial and
appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.
                                                                              operational objectives;
Mr Richman previously served as the Senior Group President of the
flagship Milwaukee Tool business (“Milwaukee Tool”) for over              •   advance the Group’s strategic priorities and its continued
17 years. Mr Richman’s leadership of Milwaukee Tool drove the brand’s         profitable growth;
growth and innovation while maintaining operational discipline,
                                                                          •   align his compensation outcomes with the creation of long-term
resulting in unprecedented performance for the brand including
                                                                              shareholder value; and
double digit compounded annual growth in revenue and significant
market share growth over the last decade. Mr Richman, who is a            •   encourage his ongoing leadership and service to the Company in
veteran of the power tool and outdoor power equipment industry,               his role as CEO.
has a wealth of professional experience spanning 35 years in the
management of industrial, electrical, plumbing, and retail distribution   Change in Information of Directors
operations.                                                               Mr Robert Hinman Getz, an Independent Non-executive Director,
                                                                          was appointed as the lead Independent Non-executive Director of
                                                                          the Company with effect from March 31, 2025.




68    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Change in Directors’ Emoluments                                              Risk Management and Internal Controls
Ms Caroline Christina Kracht and Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong,                  Effective risk management and internal control systems are vital
both being Independent Non-executive Directors, were appointed               to achieve long term goals of the Group through identifying and
as members of the Nomination Committee of the Company with                   evaluating the Group’s risks and formulating appropriate mitigating
effect from March 31, 2025, and will be entitled to the Nomination           controls. The Board is responsible for continuously monitoring and
Committee fee which has been fixed by the Board.                             reviewing key internal control policies which include delegated
                                                                             authorities, non-audit services, treasury matters, policy on market
Mr Andrew Philip Roberts and Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng, both being
                                                                             disclosure and investor and media relations, as well as key risk
Independent Non-executive Directors, were appointed as members
                                                                             management functions which include legal, insurance, human
of the Remuneration Committee of the Company with effect from
                                                                             resources, capital management, treasury, IT, cyber security and
March 31, 2025, and will be entitled to the Remuneration Committee
                                                                             Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS). The Board conducts an
fee which has been fixed by the Board.
                                                                             annual review of the effectiveness of the risk management and
Mr Robert Hinman Getz, an Independent Non-executive Director,                internal control systems of the Company, which is designed to
was appointed as the lead Independent Non-executive Director of              manage and minimize risks of failure in operational systems, and
the Company with effect from March 31, 2025, and will be entitled to the     to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance that material
annual lead Independent Non-executive Director fee of US$45,000              misstatement or loss can be avoided.
which has been fixed by the Board.
                                                                             The Company has an internal audit function which is essential for
                                                                             providing an independent and objective assurance to the Audit
Company Secretary                                                            Committee and the Board in controlling the internal business
The Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring that Board                 environment. The internal audit function continuously maintains an
procedures are in compliance and Board co-ordinates effectively and          independent review on key business aspects in accordance with the
efficiently. All Directors have access to the advice and services of         annual audit plan, and reports the key findings to the Board through
the Company Secretary. The Company Secretary is also responsible             the Audit Committee. In addition, the internal auditor of the Company
for facilitating information flow and communication among Directors          reports to the Audit Committee and communicates with the Chairman
as well as with shareholders and management of the Company. The              of the Audit Committee regularly so as to evaluate and manage
Company Secretary is an employee of the Company and is appointed             significant risks that may be identified throughout. The internal
by the Board. The Company Secretary has complied with the                    audit function conducts an annual risk assessment, supplemented
professional training requirements under the Listing Rules to update         by ongoing risk monitoring, to develop and adjust, as needed, the
her skills and knowledge.                                                    Group’s audit plan.

Accountability and Audit                                                     The Board, together with the Audit Committee, focuses on
                                                                             strengthening the Group’s risk management culture, ensuring
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing the
                                                                             the whole risk management framework is adequate and effective
preparation of the accounts of the Group which give a true and fair
                                                                             and oversees the internal audit function. The Group continuously
view of the Group’s state of affairs, results and cash flows for the year.
                                                                             reviews its risk framework in light of substantial changes and pursues
The Board will present a balanced, clear and understandable                  improvements of enterprise risk management. A whistle blowing
assessment of annual and interim reports, other price-sensitive              policy (the “Complaint Resolution Policy and Procedure”) has been
announcements and other financial disclosures required under the             adopted in order to detect and identify improprieties and bring any
Listing Rules, and reports to the regulators as well as information          issues to the attention of the management, the Audit Committee
required to be disclosed pursuant to statutory requirements.                 as well as the Board. Furthermore, the Group regularly conducts
                                                                             in-house anti-bribery training sessions to bolster the Group’s
                                                                             anti-corruption culture, awareness and knowledge.




                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025       69
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Board, and in particular the Audit Committee, conducts                External Auditor
a continuous review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk              Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the external auditor of the Group,
management and internal control systems that have been put in             provided the following audit and non-audit services to the Group in
place. The reviews covering financial, operational, and compliance        2025:
controls and risk management performed in 2025 included:
                                                                                                                                      Amount
•    the adequacy and performance of accounting and financial             Nature of Services                                      (US$ million)
     reporting functions;
                                                                          External Audit Services                                          3.17
•    the regular internal audit updates and the strategic and annual
     operating plan;                                                      Taxation Services                                                0.41
                                                                          Other Services                                                   0.58
•    the organization structure and delegated authorities;

•    the scope and quality of the management’s ongoing monitoring         The other services provided by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu comprised
     of risks and internal control system and the effectiveness of        professional services conducted under the terms of specified
     the Company’s procedures relating to statutory and regulatory        engagements.
     compliance; and
                                                                          The nature and ratio of annual fees to the external auditor for audit
•    the risk management process including formal risk assessment         services and non-audit services are subject to scrutiny by the Audit
     at the enterprise level upon discussions with senior management      Committee to ensure the independence of the external auditor. All
     responsible for day-to-day management of significant risks.          non-audit services from the external auditor are regulated by the
                                                                          Policy on Non-Audit Services published on the Company’s website
The Company identifies, assesses and prioritizes the risks that are
                                                                          (www.ttigroup.com).
most relevant to the Company’s success according to their likelihood
and impact. Risk assessment is conducted with the objective to            The Audit Committee and the external auditor of the Group meet at
improve the design and effectiveness of the Company’s internal            least twice a year without the presence of the management of
controls. Mitigation plans or controls enhancements are developed         the Group to enhance independent reporting by the external auditor
and implemented by business units based on the risk assessment.           of the Group. In order to maintain effective communication with
The Company also reviews its risk framework on an ongoing basis           shareholders, the external auditor attended the 2025 Annual General
considering substantial changes and pursues improvements of               Meeting to answer questions about the accounting policies, the
enterprise risk management.                                               auditor’s independence, the conduct of the audit and the preparation
                                                                          and content of the auditor’s report.
The procedures and internal controls for handling and disseminating
of inside information are governed by the Model Code, the Code
for Securities Transactions by Relevant Employees, the Complaint
Resolution Policy and Procedure, the Policy on Market Disclosure,
Investor and Media Relations, with a view to ensuring compliance
with the Articles and the statutory and regulatory requirements that
the Group is subject to.

In light of the above reviews and policies, the Board confirms that
the Group’s risk management and internal controls systems are effective
and adequate. The Board also confirms that the Group has adequate
resources, qualified staff, appropriate experience, and sufficient
budget for its accounting, financial reporting and internal audit
functions.




70     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Investor Relations and Shareholder                                      Shareholders’ Rights
Communications                                                          CONVENING OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON
The Company aims to maintain an effective communication and             REQUISITION BY SHAREHOLDERS
on-going dialogue with its shareholders and investors particularly
                                                                        Pursuant to Article 64 of the Articles and sections 566-568 of the
through the following major means:
                                                                        Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the laws of Hong Kong),
                                                                        shareholders holding at least 5% of the total voting rights of all
Shareholders Communication Policy                                       the shareholders having a right to vote at general meetings of
The Board has adopted the Shareholders Communication Policy
                                                                        the Company (the “Requisitionists”), may request the Directors to
on March 22, 2012, which primarily covers the current practices
                                                                        convene an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”). The written
for communicating with shareholders and is published on
                                                                        requisition must state the general nature of the business to be dealt
the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com). All the Company’s
                                                                        with at the EGM and must be signed by the Requisitionists and sent
circulars, announcements, notices and results of general meetings,
                                                                        to the registered office of the Company which is currently located
annual and interim reports, and webcasts of results presentations
                                                                        at 29/F, Tower 2, Kowloon Commerce Centre, 51 Kwai Cheong
conducted at press conferences, which are published on
                                                                        Road, Kwai Chung, New Territories, Hong Kong for the attention
the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com), provide timely, efficient
                                                                        of the Company Secretary. The requisition may consist of several
and accurate information to shareholders and investors. Essential
                                                                        documents in like form and may include the text of a resolution that
information is communicated to the shareholders mainly through
                                                                        may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at the EGM.
the Company’s financial reports, general meetings and the information
published on the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com) and the           If the Directors do not, within 21 days after the date on which they
Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk). In addition,                become subject to the requirement, proceed duly to convene an EGM
the Company holds regular meetings with institutional shareholders      for a day not more than 28 days after the date of the notice convening
and analysts and encourages shareholders to attend annual               the EGM, the Requisitionists, or any of them representing more
general meetings to communicate with Directors and management           than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may themselves
of the Company directly. In 2025, Directors and management of           convene an EGM. The EGM must be called for a date not more than
the Company conducted frequent meetings with investors and              three months after the date on which the Directors become subject
shareholders by means of roadshows, results announcements,              to the requirement to call an EGM. Any reasonable expenses incurred
conferences, private meetings and the Annual General Meeting.           by the Requisitionists by reason of the failure of the Directors duly
Such meetings offer shareholders an opportunity to express their        to convene an EGM shall be repaid to the Requisitionists by
views and engage with the Board and management of the Company,          the Company.
while the question-and-answer sessions at the Annual General
Meeting promote constructive dialogue. Important shareholders’          PROCEDURE FOR NOMINATING A PERSON FOR ELECTION
dates in the coming financial year are set out in the section headed    AS A DIRECTOR
“Corporate Information” of this Annual Report. The Board reviews        For the detailed procedure for shareholders to nominate a person to
the implementation of the Shareholders Communication Policy             stand for election as Director, please refer to the written procedure
on a regular basis (including steps taken at the general meetings,      named “Nomination of Directors by Shareholders” which is published
the handling of queries received and the multiple channels of           on the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com).
communication and engagement in place) and considered it has
been properly and effectively implemented during the year.              PROCEDURE FOR DIRECTING SHAREHOLDERS’ ENQUIRIES
                                                                        TO THE BOARD
A Policy on Market Disclosure, Investor and Media Relations,
                                                                        The Company values feedback from shareholders on its efforts to
published on the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com), ensures
                                                                        promote transparency and foster investor relationships. Shareholders
that the Company complies with its disclosure obligations under the
                                                                        may address their comments, suggestions and/or enquires to
Listing Rules and other applicable laws and regulations, and that all
                                                                        the Board in writing through Investor Relations and Communication
shareholders and investors have an equal opportunity to receive and
                                                                        (contact details are set out in the section headed “Corporate
obtain externally available information issued by the Company.
                                                                        Information” of this Annual Report).




                                                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     71
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




PROCEDURE FOR PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS AT                                    Dividend Policy
GENERAL MEETINGS                                                              TTI may declare/propose dividends semi-annually when the Board
Pursuant to Section 615 of the Companies Ordinance, shareholders              approves the interim results and the annual results.
may submit a written requisition to circulate a resolution at an annual
general meeting (“AGM”) if they: (a) represent at least 2.5% of the           The Board endeavours to maintain a balance between meeting the
total voting rights of all shareholders having a right to vote on the         Shareholders’ expectations and prudent capital management.
resolution at the AGM to which the request relates; or (b) are at least       In determining the appropriate amount of dividend, the Group
50 shareholders having a right to vote on the resolution at the AGM to        actively and regularly reviews and manages its capital structure
which the request relates.                                                    to ensure an optimal capital structure and shareholder returns by
The written requisition must: (a) identify the resolution of which            considering:
notice is to be given; (b) be signed by the requisitionists; (c) be sent to   •   the expected capital requirements and capital efficiency;
the registered office of the Company for the attention of the Company
                                                                              •   regulatory capital requirements of its regulated entities;
Secretary; and (d) be received by the Company not later than six
weeks before the AGM to which the request relates or if later, the time       •   prevailing and projected profitability;
at which notice is given of that AGM. Shareholders are requested to
                                                                              •   projected operating cash flows;
refer to Section 580 and 615 of the Companies Ordinance for further
details.                                                                      •   projected capital expenditures and strategic investment
                                                                                  opportunities;
Constitutional Document
                                                                              •   the expected working capital requirements, capital expenditure
The Board proposed amendments to the Articles and a special
                                                                                  requirements and future development and expansion plans of
resolution was passed at the 2025 Annual General Meeting for the
                                                                                  the Group;
purpose of (i) bringing the Articles in line with the latest legal and
regulatory requirements under the Companies Ordinance and the                 •   share buy-back programs and plans;
Listing Rules which enable the Company to hold shares bought
                                                                              •   general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group’s
back in the treasury for future resell or transfer under certain
                                                                                  business and other internal and external factors that may
conditions; (ii) allowing (but not requiring) general meetings to be
                                                                                  have a material impact on the business, operation or financial
convened and held as hybrid or electronic meetings; (iii) setting out
                                                                                  performance and position of the Company; and
the related powers of the Board and the chairman of the general
meetings to make arrangements for attendance and voting at general            •   any other factors that the Board may deem appropriate and
meetings and to maintain the proper and orderly conduct at general                relevant under the circumstances.
meetings; (iv) removing the age limit of the Directors; and (v) making        Any declaration and payment of future dividends under the dividend
consequential and other housekeeping amendments to the Articles.              policy are subject to the Board’s consideration and determination
The constitutional document of the Company was published on                   that the same would be in best interests of the Group and the
the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com) and the Stock Exchange’s             Shareholders as a whole. The Board will review the dividend policy
website (www.hkexnews.hk).                                                    from time to time and may exercise at its sole and absolute discretion
                                                                              to update, amend and/or modify the dividend policy at any time as it
                                                                              deems fit and necessary.




72     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Board, Board Committee and General Meetings in 2025
A summary of attendance of Board, Board committee and general
meetings in 2025 are detailed in the following table:

                                                                                     Meetings attended/Held in 2025

                                                                                     Audit      Nomination     Remuneration             General
                                                                      Board      Committee      Committee        Committee              Meeting

Number of meeting(s) held during the year                                   5           4                 3                 4                   1

Group Executive Directors
Mr Horst Julius Pudwill                                                   5/5                           3/3                                    1/1
Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill                                                 5/5                                                                   1/1
Mr Steven Philip Richman                                                 5/5                                                                   1/1
Mr Kin Wah Chan                                                          5/5                                                                   1/1
Mr Chi Chung Chan                                                        5/5                                                                   1/1
Mr Camille Jojo                                                          5/5                                                                   1/1

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr Peter David Sullivan                                                   5/5          4/4                                 4/4                 1/1
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse                                                 5/5          4/4              3/3                                    1/1
Mr Robert Hinman Getz                                                     5/5          4/4              3/3                4/4                 1/1
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding                                              5/5                           3/3                4/4                 1/1
Ms Caroline Christina Kracht        (1)
                                                                         5/5           4/4              2/2                                    1/1
Mr Andrew Philip Roberts      (2)
                                                                         5/5           4/4                                 3/3                 1/1
Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng     (3)
                                                                         5/5                                               3/3                 1/1
Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong(4)                                             5/5                            2/2                                    1/1

Date(s) of meeting(s)                                            16.1.2025        3.3.2025        3.3.2025            3.3.2025         9.5.2025
                                                                   4.3.2025       8.5.2025        4.8.2025            8.5.2025
                                                                   8.5.2025       4.8.2025       6.11.2025            4.8.2025
                                                                   5.8.2025      6.11.2025                         6.11.2025
                                                                 6.11.2025

Notes:
(1)   Ms Caroline Christina Kracht was appointed as a member of the Nomination
      Committee with effect from March 31, 2025.
(2)   Mr Andrew Philip Roberts was appointed as a member of the Remuneration
      Committee with effect from March 31, 2025.
(3)   Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng was appointed as a member of the Remuneration
      Committee with effect from March 31, 2025.
(4)   Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong was appointed as a member of the Nomination
      Committee with effect from March 31, 2025.




                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     73
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
The directors have the pleasure in presenting their annual report and     Results and Appropriations
the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31,          The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025
2025.                                                                     are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                                                                          comprehensive income on page 100. A comparative table of the
Principal Activities and Business Review                                  published results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for
The Company acts as an investment holding company.                        the last five financial years can be found in the “Financial Summary”
                                                                          section of this Annual Report.
The respective principal activities, issued share capital and debt
securities of the Company’s principal subsidiaries and an associate       An interim dividend of HK125.00 cents (approximately US16.09
are set out in Notes 50 and 51 to the consolidated financial              cents) per share amounting to approximately US$294,497,000 was
statements.                                                               paid to the shareholders during the year.
Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by        The directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of
Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of              HK132.00 cents (approximately US16.99 cents) per share to
the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “Company Ordinance”), including a             the shareholders on the register of members on May 18, 2026,
fair review of the business and a discussion of the principal risks       amounting to approximately US$310,754,000.
and uncertainties facing the Group, particulars of important events
affecting the Group that have occurred, and an indication of likely       Property, Plant and Equipment
future development in the Group’s business, can be found in the           The Group continued to expand its business and during the year
“Executive Chairman’s Statement”, “Chief Executive Officer’s              spent approximately US$727,000 on moulds and tooling, office
Message”, “Review of Operations”, “Management’s Discussion and            equipment, furniture and fixtures for approximately US$12,242,000
Analysis”, “Corporate Governance Report”, “Consolidated Financial         and plant and machinery for approximately US$43,275,000.
Statements”, “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements”             Details of these and other movements in the property, plant and
and “Financial Summary” sections of this Annual Report, and the           equipment of the Group during the year are set out in Note 16 to the
“Environmental, Social and Governance Report” (the “ESG Report”),         consolidated financial statements.
which will be published separately. The above sections and the ESG
Report form part of this report.
                                                                          Share Capital
The following parts are set out in Notes 47, 38, 41 and 40 to the         Details of movements during the year in the share capital of the
consolidated financial statements respectively: (i) related party         Company and monthly breakdown of purchases of shares are set out
transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules; (ii) particulars     in Notes 39 to the consolidated financial statements.
of loans and borrowings; (iii) information of pension schemes of
                                                                          Other than 2,425,000 shares and 1,675,000 shares of the Company
the Company; and (iv) reserves available for distribution to the
                                                                          purchased on-market by the trustee for satisfying the awarded shares
shareholders of the Company as at December 31, 2025.
                                                                          granted under the Company’s share award scheme (details of which
During the year, there were no (i) advance to an entity under Rule        are set out in the “Share Award Scheme” section in this Report of the
13.20 of the Listing Rules; (ii) loan agreements with covenants           Directors) and the Employee Equity Incentive Plan (details of which
relating to specific performance of the controlling shareholders of       are set out in “Employee Equity Incentive Plan” section in this Report
the Company under Rule 13.21 of the Listing Rules; (iii) breach of loan   of the Directors) respectively, a total of 3,500,000 ordinary shares
agreements by the Company under Rule 13.21 of the Listing Rules;          were bought back by the Company during the year at prices ranging
(iv) financial assistance and guarantees to affiliated companies of       from HK$83.55 to HK$106.20 per share. The consideration paid
the Company under Rule 13.22 of the Listing Rules; (v) guarantee          by the Company for such buy-backs of the shares of approximately
regarding the financial performance of a company or business              US$41,728,000 was charged to the retained profits.
acquired under Rule 14.36B and/or Rule 14A.63 of the Listing Rules;
                                                                          The shares bought back were cancelled subsequently and
(vi) material difference between net income shown in the financial
                                                                          accordingly the issued share capital of the Company was reduced.
statements and any profit forecast published the Company; (vii)
                                                                          The buy-backs of the Company’s shares during the year were
authorized loans under Schedule 4 to the Companies Ordinance; and
                                                                          effected by the Directors pursuant to the mandate granted by
(viii) issuance of debentures. Major customers and suppliers of
                                                                          shareholders at the previous annual general meeting of the Company,
the Company are set out in the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis”
                                                                          with a view to benefiting shareholders as a whole by enhancing the
section of this Annual Report, which includes discussion and analysis
                                                                          net asset value per share and earnings per share of the Company.
of the Group’s performance.




74    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




During the year, no issue of shares nor sale of treasury shares for    In accordance with Article 107(A) of the Articles, Mr Horst Julius
cash (other than under a share scheme that complies with Chapter       Pudwill, Mr Peter David Sullivan, Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse,
17 of the Listing Rules), and thus no proceeds were derived from       Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding and Mr Andrew Philip Roberts will retire
such issue or sale. Except as disclosed above, neither the Company     at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting, being eligible, will offer
nor any of its subsidiaries has, during the year, purchased, sold or   themselves for re-election. No director proposed for re-election at the
redeemed any listed securities of the Company. As at                   forthcoming Annual General Meeting has a service contract which is
December 31, 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.       not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of
                                                                       compensation, other than statutory compensation.
Directors                                                              Emoluments of the Directors (including agreement of waiver if any)
The directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of     and the five highest paid individuals of the Company for the year
this report were:                                                      ended December 31, 2025 are set out in Notes 12 and 13 to the
                                                                       consolidated financial statements, respectively. Benefits of the
Group Executive Directors:                                             Directors under Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits
Mr Horst Julius Pudwill, Executive Chairman                            of Directors) Regulation (Chapter 622G of the Laws of Hong Kong)
Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill, Executive Vice Chairman                      for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in Note 12 to the
Mr Steven Philip Richman, Chief Executive Officer                      consolidated financial statements. During the year, no Director has
Mr Kin Wah Chan                                                        resigned.
Mr Chi Chung Chan
Mr Camille Jojo                                                        Terms of Office of Independent Non-executive
Independent Non-executive Directors:                                   Directors
                                                                       The term of office for each of the Independent Non-executive
Mr Peter David Sullivan
                                                                       Directors is the period up to his/her retirement by rotation in
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse
                                                                       accordance with Article 107(A) of the Articles.
Mr Robert Hinman Getz
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding
Ms Caroline Christina Kracht
                                                                       Directors of Subsidiaries
Mr Andrew Philip Roberts                                               The names of all directors who have served on the boards of the
Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng                                                     subsidiaries of the Company during the year ended December 31,
Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong                                              2025 and during the period from January 1, 2026 to the date of this
                                                                       Report are available on the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com).




                                                                                              Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     75
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests
As at December 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of the directors and the chief executive of the Company in the shares, underlying
shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (“SFO”)) which have been notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short
positions which any such director or chief executive was taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or as recorded in the
register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 to the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) were as follows:

                                                                                                                 Interests in
                                                                                          Interests in            underlying                Total
                                                                                        shares (other                 shares            interests        Approximate
                                                                                       than pursuant               pursuant            in shares/           aggregate
                                             Capacity/                                       to equity              to equity         underlying        percentage of
Name of directors                            Nature of interests                         derivatives) (1)        derivatives(1)            shares            interests
Mr Horst Julius Pudwill                      Beneficial owner                           147,719,500 (2)           1,305,500       399,952,294                  21.86%
                                             Interests of spouse                         34,767,500                         —
                                             Interests of controlled corporation        216,159,794      (3)
                                                                                                                            —
Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill                     Beneficial owner                                5,534,500 (4)        5,550,000          11,084,500                  0.61%
Mr Steven Philip Richman                     Beneficial owner                                1,278,775   (5)
                                                                                                                    800,000           2,078,775                  0.11%
Mr Kin Wah Chan                              Beneficial owner                                1,066,000   (6)
                                                                                                                  5,250,000           6,316,000                  0.35%
Mr Chi Chung Chan                            Beneficial owner                                1,425,000 (7)        5,550,000           6,975,000                  0.38%
Mr Camille Jojo                              Beneficial owner                                  666,500   (8)
                                                                                                                    501,000           1,167,500                  0.06%
Mr Peter David Sullivan                      Beneficial owner                                  430,000   (9)
                                                                                                                    179,000             609,000                  0.03%
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse                    Beneficial owner                                  210,000   (10)
                                                                                                                    376,000             586,000                  0.03%
Mr Robert Hinman Getz                        Beneficial owner                                  140,674 (11)         254,000             394,674                  0.02%
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding                 Beneficial owner                                   65,000   (12)
                                                                                                                    129,500             194,500                  0.01%
Ms Caroline Christina Kracht                 Beneficial owner                                   52,500   (13)
                                                                                                                    100,000             152,500                  0.01%
Mr Andrew Philip Roberts                     Beneficial owner                                   40,000   (14)
                                                                                                                      40,000             80,000       less than 0.01%
Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng                           Beneficial owner                                   20,000 (15)           20,000             40,000       less than 0.01%
Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong                    Beneficial owner                                   20,000   (16)
                                                                                                                      20,000             40,000       less than 0.01%

Notes:                                                                                 (3)    These shares were held by the following companies in which Mr Horst Julius
(1)   Interests in shares and underlying shares stated above represent long                   Pudwill has a beneficial interest:
      positions of the Company.
                                                                                                                                                           No. of shares
      The interests of the directors of the Company in the underlying shares
      pursuant to equity derivatives, which were held as beneficial owner, represent          Sunning Inc.                                                 179,084,764
      share options granted to them respectively pursuant to the share option                 Cordless Industries Company Limited*                           37,075,030
      schemes adopted by the Company, details of which are separately disclosed in
                                                                                                                                                           216,159,794
      the section headed “Share Options” below. These share options are physically
      settled and unlisted.
                                                                                              * Cordless Industries Company Limited is owned as to 70% by Mr Horst Julius
(2)   These included Mr Horst Julius Pudwill’s interests in 662,000 awarded shares
                                                                                                 Pudwill.
      which remained unvested under the share award scheme of the Company as
      of December 31, 2025. Details of Mr Horst Julius Pudwill’s awarded shares are    (4)    These included Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill’s interests in 375,000 awarded
      set out in the section headed “Share Award Scheme” below.                               shares which remained unvested under the share award scheme of
                                                                                              the Company as of December 31, 2025. Details of Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill’s
                                                                                              awarded shares are set out in the section headed “Share Award Scheme”
                                                                                              below.




76       Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




(5)   These included Mr Steven Philip Richman’s interests in 1,000,000 awarded
                                                                                      Share Options
      shares which remained unvested under the share award scheme of
      the Company as of December 31, 2025. Details of Mr Steven Philip Richman’s      Share Option Schemes
      awarded shares are set out in the section headed “Share Award Scheme”
      below.
                                                                                      The Company has two share option schemes in place – Scheme D
                                                                                      and Scheme E. Scheme D was adopted on May 29, 2007 and expired
(6)   These included Mr Kin Wah Chan’s interests in 375,000 awarded shares which
      remained unvested under the share award scheme of the Company as of             on May 28, 2017, though its provisions shall remain in full force
      December 31, 2025. Details of Mr Kin Wah Chan’s awarded shares are set out      and effect in all other respects. Following the expiry of Scheme D,
      in the section headed “Share Award Scheme” below.                               Scheme E was adopted on May 19, 2017 and subsequently amended
(7)   These included Mr Chi Chung Chan’s interests in 375,000 awarded shares          and restated on May 12, 2023 (“Scheme E Amendment Date”), and
      which remained unvested under the share award scheme of the Company as          will expire on May 18, 2027.
      of December 31, 2025. Details of Mr Chi Chung Chan’s awarded shares are set
      out in the section headed “Share Award Scheme” below.                           Both Scheme D and Scheme E are aimed for recognition of the
(8)   These included Mr Camille Jojo’s interests in 561,000 awarded shares which      contribution to the development and growth of the Group by the
      remained unvested under the share award scheme of the Company as of             eligible persons. Below is the summary of the principal terms of
      December 31, 2025. Details of Mr Camille Jojo’s awarded shares are set out in   Scheme D:
      the section headed “Share Award Scheme” below.
(9)   These included Mr Peter David Sullivan’s interests in 20,000 awarded shares     The Board of Directors of the Company may grant share options to
      which remained unvested under the share award scheme of the Company as          the following eligible persons (and their wholly owned companies)
      of December 31, 2025. Details of Mr Peter David Sullivan’s awarded shares       of the Company, its subsidiaries and any companies in which
      are set out in the section headed “Share Award Scheme” below.
                                                                                      the Group holds any equity interest, to subscribe for shares in
(10) These included Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse’s interests in 20,000 awarded           the Company: (i) employees; or (ii) Directors; or (iii) secondees; or
     shares which remained unvested under the share award scheme of
                                                                                      (iv) any shareholders of any member of the Group or invested entity or
     the Company as of December 31, 2025. Details of Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse’s
     awarded shares are set out in the section headed “Share Award Scheme”            controlling shareholders or any holders of any securities issued by
     below.                                                                           any member of the Group; or (v) business partners; or (vi) suppliers;
(11) These included Mr Robert Hinman Getz’s interests in 70,000 awarded shares        or (vii) customers; or (viii) advisers of the Group.
     which remained unvested under the share award scheme of the Company as
     of December 31, 2025. Details of Mr Robert Hinman Getz’s awarded shares
                                                                                      Share options granted must be taken up within 21 days of the date
     are set out in the section headed “Share Award Scheme” below.                    of grant, upon payment of a consideration to be determined by
(12) These included Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding’s interests in 65,000 awarded        the Board for the grant thereof. Share options may be exercised at any
     shares which remained unvested under the share award scheme of                   time, subject to vesting conditions, from the date of grant to the tenth
     the Company as of December 31, 2025. Details of Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding’s   anniversary thereof. The subscription price is set at the highest of:
     awarded shares are set out in the section headed “Share Award Scheme”            (i) the closing price of the shares on the date of offer of the share option;
     below.
                                                                                      and (ii) the average closing price of shares as stated in the daily
(13) These included Ms Caroline Christina Kracht’s interests in 20,000 awarded
                                                                                      quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five trading
     shares which remained unvested under the share award scheme of
     the Company as of December 31, 2025. Details of Ms Caroline Christina Kracht’s
                                                                                      days immediately preceding the date of offer.
     awarded shares are set out in the section headed “Share Award Scheme”
                                                                                      The maximum number of shares in respect of which share options
     below.
                                                                                      may be granted under Scheme D is not permitted to exceed 30.0% of
(14) These included Mr Andrew Philip Roberts’ interests in 40,000 awarded shares
                                                                                      the issued share capital of the Company from time to time or 10.0%
     which remained unvested under the share award scheme of the Company as
     of December 31, 2025. Details of Mr Andrew Philip Roberts’ awarded shares        of the shares in issue as at the adoption date of Scheme D. No person
     are set out in the section headed “Share Award Scheme” below.                    shall be granted an option which exceeds 1.0% of the shares in issue
(15) These included Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng’s interests in 20,000 awarded shares           as at the date of offer in any 12-month period up to the date thereof.
     which remained unvested under the share award scheme of the Company as
     of December 31, 2025. Details of Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng’s awarded shares are
                                                                                      Options may be exercised at any time immediately after vesting on
     set out in the section headed “Share Award Scheme” below.                        each of the first and, depending on the vesting conditions, second
(16) These included Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong’s interests in 20,000 awarded           and third anniversary of the relevant date of grant of the share option,
     shares which remained unvested under the share award scheme of                   until the tenth anniversary of such date of grant. The exercise price
     the Company as of December 31, 2025. Details of Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong’s      is determined by the Directors of the Company, and shall not be less
     awarded shares are set out in the section headed “Share Award Scheme”            than the higher of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on the
     below.
                                                                                      date of grant; and (ii) the average closing price of the shares for the
Save as disclosed above, none of the directors and the chief
                                                                                      five business days immediately preceding the date of grant.
executive of the Company was interested or had any short position
in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company                         In view of the amendments to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules relating
and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of                     to share schemes of listed issuers effective from January 1, 2023, the
the SFO) as at December 31, 2025. During the year, no incident                        scheme rules of Scheme E were amended and restated with effect
of non-compliance of Rules 8.10(2)(b) and 8.10(2)(c) in directors’                    from May 12, 2023 as below:
interests in competing business.




                                                                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025         77
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Share Options (continued)                                                    grant of share options or awarded shares must be approved by the
                                                                             shareholders in general meeting with such share option grantee,
The Board may, as its discretion and on such terms as it may think
                                                                             his/her associates and all core connected persons of the Company
fit, grant such share options to eligible participants as it may in its
                                                                             abstaining from voting at such general meeting. Without prejudice to
absolute discretion select in accordance with the terms of Scheme E.
                                                                             the above, where any grant of share options or awarded shares to an
Eligible participants include (i) employees; (ii) Directors; (iii) related
                                                                             Independent Non-executive Director or a substantial shareholder of
entity participants and (iv) service providers.
                                                                             the Company, or any of their respective associates, would result in
Share options granted must be taken up within 21 days of the date of         the shares issued and to be issued in respect of all share options and
grant, upon payment of a consideration to be determined by                   awarded shares granted (excluding any share options or awarded
the Board for the grant thereof. Share options may be exercised at any       shares lapsed in accordance with the terms of Scheme E or any other
time, subject to vesting conditions, from the first date of vesting until    share scheme(s) of the Company) to such person in the 12-month
the tenth anniversary of the date of grant. The subscription price shall     period up to and including the date of such grant representing
be set at the highest of: (i) the closing price of the shares on the date    in aggregate over 0.10% of the total issued share capital of
of offer of the share option; and (ii) the average closing price of shares   the Company as at Scheme E Amendment Date, such grant of share
as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange         options or awarded shares must be approved by the shareholders in
for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of offer.           general meeting with such share option grantee, his/her associates
                                                                             and all core connected persons of the Company abstaining from
According to the amended scheme rules, the overall limit on the
                                                                             voting at such general meeting. The total issued share capital of
number of shares under share options from time to time under
                                                                             the Company as at Scheme E Amendment Date was 1,834,797,941
Scheme E and any other share scheme(s) of the Company shall not,
                                                                             shares.
in aggregate, exceed 10.00% of the total issued share capital of
the Company as at Scheme E Amendment Date. Within the scheme                 The Directors or the Remuneration Committee (as the case may
mandate limit, the total number of shares which may be issued upon           be) have the authority to establish performance target and/or
exercise of all options to be granted to service providers shall not         clawback mechanism in relation to the granting of share options.
exceed 1.00% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at          The Board is of the view that the flexibility granted to the Directors
Scheme E Amendment Date. Where any grant of share options to a               to specify appropriate conditions, restrictions and/or limitations on
share option grantee under Scheme E would result in shares issued            a case-by-case basis in their absolute discretion when offering and/
and to be issued in respect of all share options or awarded shares           or vesting share options to eligible participants could provide a more
granted to such person (excluding any share options and awarded              meaningful and functional means to achieve the purpose of Scheme
shares lapsed in accordance with the terms of Scheme E or any                E (whether as recognition of past contribution or as incentive to
other share scheme(s) of the Company) in the 12-month period up              motivate, retain or attract suitable talents) in light of the particulars
to and including the date of such grant representing in aggregate            circumstances of each offer of share options. General factors that
over 1.00% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at            the Board may take into account for imposing performance targets and
Scheme E Amendment Date, such grant of share options must be                 clawback mechanisms include, but not limited to, the Group’s level
separately approved by the shareholders in general meeting with              and the individual’s level. The Board or the Remuneration Committee
such share option grantee and his/her close associates (or his/              (as the case may be) will prudently assess whether performance
her associates if the share option grantee is a connected person             targets, if any, are satisfied upon receipt of any notice of exercise of
of the Company) abstaining from voting. Without prejudice to the             share options from a grantee.
above, where any grant of share options or awarded shares to a
                                                                             Options may be exercised at any time immediately after each of the
Director (other than an Independent Non-executive Director) or
                                                                             first, and depending on the vesting conditions, second and third
chief executive of the Company, or any of their respective associates
                                                                             anniversary of the relevant date of grant of the share option until
would result in the shares issued and to be issued in respect of all
                                                                             the tenth anniversary of such date of grant. The exercise price is
share options and awarded shares granted (excluding any share
                                                                             determined by the Directors of the Company, and will not be less than
options or awarded shares lapsed in accordance with the terms of
                                                                             the higher of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on the date
Scheme E or any other share scheme(s) of the Company) to such
                                                                             of grant; and (ii) the average closing price of the shares for the five
person in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such
                                                                             business days immediately preceding the date of grant.
grant representing in aggregate over 0.10% of the total issued share
capital of the Company as at Scheme E Amendment Date, such




78     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




The following tables disclose movements in the Company’s share options during the year:
                                 Date of Share option Outstanding      Granted    Exercised      Lapsed Outstanding
                           share options     scheme at beginning     during the   during the   during the  at end of Subscription
Share option holders            granted     category   of the year         year         year         year   the year        price             Exercise period
                                                                                                                             HK$
Directors
Mr Horst Julius Pudwill     22.12.2020             E       23,500           —            —           —        23,500     105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(4)
                            30.12.2021             E       32,000           —            —           —        32,000     154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(4)
                             22.8.2023             E      750,000           —            —           —       750,000       81.050    22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(5)
                              8.8.2024             E      250,000           —            —           —       250,000       97.700     8.8.2025 –    7.8.2034(9)
                             16.4.2025             E           —      250,000            —           —       250,000       74.900    16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(9)

Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill     11.9.2015             D      250,000           —     (250,000)          —            —        29.650    11.9.2016 – 10.9.2025(4)
                             17.3.2017             D      500,000           —            —           —       500,000       32.100    17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027(4)
                             14.3.2018             E      250,000           —            —           —       250,000       47.900    14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028(4)
                             20.5.2019             E      500,000           —            —           —       500,000       51.080    20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029(4)
                             15.5.2020             E      500,000           —            —           —       500,000       65.250    15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030(7)
                            22.12.2020             E    2,000,000           —            —           —     2,000,000     105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(8)
                            30.12.2021             E    1,000,000           —            —           —     1,000,000     154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(6)
                             22.8.2023             E      500,000           —            —           —       500,000       81.050    22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(7)
                              8.8.2024             E      150,000           —            —           —       150,000       97.700     8.8.2025 –    7.8.2034(5)
                             16.4.2025             E           —      150,000            —           —       150,000       74.900    16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(5)

Mr Steven Philip Richman     19.8.2024             E      400,000           —            —           —       400,000     103.400     19.8.2025 – 18.8.2034(10)
                             16.4.2025             E           —      400,000            —           —       400,000       74.900    16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(10)

Mr Kin Wah Chan              17.3.2017             D      200,000           —            —           —       200,000       32.100    17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027(4)
                             14.3.2018             E      250,000           —            —           —       250,000       47.900    14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028(4)
                             20.5.2019             E      500,000           —            —           —       500,000       51.080    20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029(4)
                             15.5.2020             E      500,000           —            —           —       500,000       65.250    15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030(7)
                            22.12.2020             E    2,000,000           —            —           —     2,000,000     105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(8)
                            30.12.2021             E    1,000,000           —            —           —     1,000,000     154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(6)
                             22.8.2023             E      500,000           —            —           —       500,000       81.050    22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(7)
                              8.8.2024             E      150,000           —            —           —       150,000       97.700     8.8.2025 –    7.8.2034(5)
                             16.4.2025             E           —      150,000            —           —       150,000       74.900    16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(5)

Mr Chi Chung Chan            17.3.2017             D      500,000           —            —           —       500,000       32.100    17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027(4)
                             14.3.2018             E      250,000           —            —           —       250,000       47.900    14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028(4)
                             20.5.2019             E      500,000           —            —           —       500,000       51.080    20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029(4)
                             15.5.2020             E      500,000           —            —           —       500,000       65.250    15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030(7)
                            22.12.2020             E    2,000,000           —            —           —     2,000,000     105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(8)
                            30.12.2021             E    1,000,000           —            —           —     1,000,000     154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(6)
                             22.8.2023             E      500,000           —            —           —       500,000       81.050    22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(7)
                              8.8.2024             E      150,000           —            —           —       150,000       97.700     8.8.2025 –    7.8.2034(5)
                             16.4.2025             E           —      150,000            —           —       150,000       74.900    16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(5)




                                                                                                         Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025           79
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Share Options (continued)
                                     Date of Share option Outstanding      Granted    Exercised      Lapsed Outstanding
                               share options     scheme at beginning     during the   during the   during the  at end of Subscription
Share option holders                granted     category   of the year         year         year         year   the year        price             Exercise period
                                                                                                                                 HK$
Directors (continued)
Mr Camille Jojo                  14.3.2018             E       50,000           —            —           —        50,000       47.900    14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028(4)
                                 20.5.2019             E       97,000           —            —           —        97,000       51.080    20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029(4)
                                22.12.2020             E       47,000           —            —           —        47,000     105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(4)
                                30.12.2021             E       32,000           —            —           —        32,000     154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(4)
                                 22.8.2023             E       60,000           —            —           —        60,000       81.050    22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)
                                  8.8.2024             E      100,000           —            —           —       100,000       97.700     8.8.2025 –    7.8.2034(6)
                                 16.4.2025             E           —      115,000            —           —       115,000       74.900    16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(6)

Mr Peter David Sullivan         22.12.2020             E       47,000           —            —           —        47,000     105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(4)
                                30.12.2021             E       32,000           —            —           —        32,000     154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(4)
                                 22.8.2023             E       60,000           —            —           —        60,000       81.050    22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)
                                  8.8.2024             E       20,000           —            —           —        20,000       97.700     8.8.2025 –    7.8.2034(3)
                                 16.4.2025             E           —       20,000            —           —        20,000       74.900    16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(3)

Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse        19.6.2017             E       95,000           —       (95,000)         —            —        36.300    19.6.2018 – 18.6.2027(4)
                                 14.3.2018             E      100,000           —            —           —       100,000       47.900    14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028(4)
                                 20.5.2019             E       97,000           —            —           —        97,000       51.080    20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029(4)
                                22.12.2020             E       47,000           —            —           —        47,000     105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(4)
                                30.12.2021             E       32,000           —            —           —        32,000     154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(4)
                                 22.8.2023             E       60,000           —            —           —        60,000       81.050    22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)
                                  8.8.2024             E       20,000           —            —           —        20,000       97.700     8.8.2025 –    7.8.2034(3)
                                 16.4.2025             E           —       20,000            —           —        20,000       74.900    16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(3)

Mr Robert Hinman Getz            15.5.2020             E       75,000           —            —           —        75,000       65.250    15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030(5)
                                22.12.2020             E       47,000           —            —           —        47,000     105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(4)
                                30.12.2021             E       32,000           —            —           —        32,000     154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(4)
                                 22.8.2023             E       60,000           —            —           —        60,000       81.050    22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)
                                  8.8.2024             E       20,000           —            —           —        20,000       97.700     8.8.2025 –    7.8.2034(3)
                                 16.4.2025             E           —       20,000            —           —        20,000       74.900    16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(3)

Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding     19.8.2021             E       29,500           —            —           —        29,500     167.200     19.8.2022 – 18.8.2031(4)
                                 22.8.2023             E       60,000           —            —           —        60,000       81.050    22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)
                                  8.8.2024             E       20,000           —            —           —        20,000       97.700     8.8.2025 –    7.8.2034(3)
                                 16.4.2025             E           —       20,000            —           —        20,000       74.900    16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(3)

Ms Caroline Christina Kracht     22.8.2023             E       60,000           —            —           —        60,000       81.050    22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)
                                  8.8.2024             E       20,000           —            —           —        20,000       97.700     8.8.2025 –    7.8.2034(3)
                                 16.4.2025             E           —       20,000            —           —        20,000       74.900    16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(3)

Mr Andrew Philip Roberts          8.8.2024             E       20,000           —            —           —        20,000       97.700     8.8.2025 –    7.8.2034(3)
                                 16.4.2025             E           —       20,000            —           —        20,000       74.900    16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(3)




80      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




                                      Date of Share option Outstanding            Granted     Exercised         Lapsed Outstanding
                                share options     scheme at beginning           during the    during the      during the  at end of Subscription
Share option holders                 granted     category   of the year               year          year            year   the year        price                    Exercise period
                                                                                                                                                 HK$
Directors (continued)
Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng                 16.4.2025               E             —         20,000               —             —         20,000        74.900      16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(3)

Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong          16.4.2025               E             —         20,000               —             —         20,000        74.900      16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035(3)
Total for directors                                             19,045,000      1,375,000      (345,000)              —    20,075,000
Employees                          17.3.2017               D       150,000               —              —             —        150,000        32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027(4)
                                   14.3.2018               E       200,000               —         (60,000)           —        140,000        47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028(4)
                                   20.5.2019               E       194,000               —              —             —        194,000        51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029(4)
                                  22.12.2020               E        94,000               —              —             —         94,000       105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(4)
                                  30.12.2021               E        32,000               —              —             —         32,000       154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(4)
                                   22.8.2023               E        60,000               —              —             —         60,000        81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)
                                   22.8.2023               E       750,000               —              —             —        750,000        81.050      20.5.2025 – 21.8.2033(11)
                                  22.11.2023               E       250,000               —              —             —        250,000        81.480     22.11.2024 – 21.11.2033(4)
                                   30.9.2024               E       150,000               —              —             —        150,000       118.100      30.9.2025 – 29.9.2034(5)
                                   24.4.2025               E             —        150,000               —             —        150,000        78.050      24.4.2026 – 23.4.2035(5)
Total for employees                                              1,880,000        150,000          (60,000)           —      1,970,000
Total for all categories                                        20,925,000      1,525,000      (405,000)              —    22,045,000

Notes:                                                                                       (5)     Three equal batches of share options be vested on the 1st anniversary, 2nd
(1)   The number of options available for grant under Scheme D at the                                anniversary and 3rd anniversary of the date of grant respectively.
      beginning and the end of the financial year ended December 31, 2025 was                (6)     33.00%, 33.00% and 34.00% be vested on the 1st anniversary, 2nd anniversary
      117,281,565. The total number of shares available for issue under Scheme                       and 3rd anniversary of the date of grant respectively.
      D are 117,281,565 shares, representing approximately 6.41% of the issued               (7)     33.20%, 33.40% and 33.40% be vested on the 1st anniversary, 2nd anniversary
      shares (excluding treasury shares) of the Company as at the date of this                       and 3rd anniversary of the date of grant respectively.
      Annual Report.
                                                                                             (8)     33.30%, 33.30% and 33.40% be vested on the 1st anniversary, 2nd anniversary
(2)   Since the adoption of Scheme E on May 19, 2017, no share options was                           and 3rd anniversary of the date of grant respectively.
      granted to any service provider of the Company and therefore the number of
                                                                                             (9)     33.20%, 33.20% and 33.60% be vested on the 1st anniversary, 2nd anniversary
      options available for grant thereunder to service providers at the beginning
                                                                                                     and 3rd anniversary of the date of grant respectively.
      and the end of the financial year ended December 31, 2025 was 18,347,979
      shares. The number of options and awards available for grant under Scheme              (10) 33.25%, 33.25% and 33.50% be vested on the 1st anniversary, 2nd anniversary
      E and the 2018 Share Award Scheme (i) at the beginning and the end of the                   and 3rd anniversary of the date of grant respectively.
      financial year ended December 31, 2025 were 158,011,294 and 154,461,294                (11) 50% of the share options granted be vested on May 20, 2025 and the
      respectively, and (ii) at the beginning and the end of the financial year ended             remaining 50% be vested on December 31, 2025.
      December 31, 2024 were 163,085,794 and 158,011,294 respectively. The
                                                                                             (12) The Company had 22,045,000 shares options outstanding, which represented
      total number of shares available for issue under Scheme E are (i) 175,156,294
                                                                                                  approximately 1.21% of the issued shares of the Company as at
      shares, representing approximately 9.58% of the issued shares (excluding
                                                                                                  December 31, 2025. 1,525,000 share options were granted during the year. No
      treasury shares) of the Company as at the date of this Annual Report, and (ii)
                                                                                                  share option was cancelled or lapsed during the year. None of the grants of
      177,336,294 shares, representing approximately 9.68% of the issued shares
                                                                                                  share options to any participants is in excess of the 1% individual limit.
      (excluding treasury shares) of the Company as at the date of the Annual Report
      for the financial year ended December 31, 2024.                                        (13) The group recognized a total expenses of US$6,528,000 (2024:
                                                                                                  US$8,752,000) for the year ended December 31, 2025 in relation to share
(3)   All share options granted be vested on the 1st anniversary of the date of grant.
                                                                                                  options granted by the Company.
(4)   50% of the share options granted be vested on the 1st anniversary of the date
      of grant and the remaining 50% be vested on the 2nd anniversary of the date of
      grant.




                                                                                                                           Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025               81
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Share Options (continued)                                                            Directors’ Indemnities
(14) The number of shares that may be issued in respect of share awards granted      Pursuant to the Articles, every director of the Company shall be
     under 2018 Share Award Scheme (details are set out in the “Share Award          entitled to be indemnified out of the assets and profits of
     Scheme” section) and share options granted under Scheme E during the year       the Company against all losses or liabilities (to the fullest extent permitted
     divided by the weighted average number of shares in issue (excluding treasury   by the Companies Ordinance) which he/she may sustain or incur in
     shares, if any) for the year is 0.19%.
                                                                                     or about the execution of the duties of his/her office. The Company
(15) The weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares immediately
                                                                                     has arranged appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance
     before the various dates on which the share options were granted during 2025
     was HK$75.86 (2024: HK$99.91).
                                                                                     coverage for the directors and officers of the Company.
(16) The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the various
     dates on which the share options were granted ranged from HK$75.50 to           Management Contracts
     HK$79.20 in 2025 (2024: ranged from HK$94.75 to HK$120.90).                     No contracts concerning the management and administration of
(17) The weighted average closing prices of the Company’s shares immediately         the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Group were
     before various dates during 2025 and 2024 on which the share options was        entered into or existed during the year.
     exercised were HK$95.70 (2024: HK$98.68) respectively.
(18) The fair value of the share options granted in 2025 measured at various
     dates on which the share options were granted was ranged from HK$19.88
                                                                                     Equity-linked Agreements
     to HK$20.78 (2024: ranged from HK$26.91 to HK$32.12). The weighted              Other than as disclosed above and for satisfying the awarded shares
     average fair value of the share options granted in 2025 was HK$19.97 (2024:     granted under the Company’s 2018 Share Award Scheme and the
     HK$27.89) per option.                                                           Employee Equity Incentive Plan (details of which are set out in this
Save as disclosed above, no other person was granted share options                   Annual Report), the Group has not entered into any equity-linked
for the year ended December 31, 2025.                                                agreements during the year.


Arrangements to Purchase Shares or Debentures                                        Share Award Scheme
Other than as disclosed above and for satisfying the awarded shares                  The Board currently has the 2018 Share Award Scheme in operation.
granted under the Company’s 2018 Share Award Scheme and the                          Following the expiry of the previous share award scheme adopted
Employee Equity Incentive Plan (details of which are set out in this                 in 2008, the 2018 Share Award Scheme was first adopted with
Annual Report), at no time during the year was the Company, or any                   effect from January 17, 2018 (the “2018 Adoption Date”), and was
of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the directors             subsequently amended and restated on May 12, 2023 (the “Share
of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of                    Award Scheme Amendment Date”), and shall be terminated on the
shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate                 earlier of the 10th anniversary of the 2018 Adoption Date or such date
and neither the directors or the chief executive, nor any of their                   of early termination as determined by the Board.
spouses or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe                  The purpose of the 2018 Share Award Scheme is to recognize the
for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right.                  contributions by Eligible Persons as defined below and to provide
                                                                                     them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual
Director’s Interests in Transactions,                                                operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable
Arrangements and Contracts of Significance                                           personnel for further development of the Group. A summary of the
No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance, to                      principal terms of the 2018 Share Award Scheme is set out below:
which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, was a party and in
                                                                                     Any employee, officer or Director (including, without limitation, any
which a director or a connected entity of a director of the Company
                                                                                     Executive, Non-executive or Independent Non-executive Director)
had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the
                                                                                     of any member of the Group (the “Eligible Person”) will be entitled
end of the year or at any time during the year.
                                                                                     to participate. Unless terminated earlier by the Board in accordance
                                                                                     with the scheme rules, the effective term of the 2018 Share Award
Shareholders’ Interests in Contracts of                                              Scheme is 10 years commencing on the adoption date of the
Significance, Dividends and Pledging of Shares                                       scheme provided that no contribution to the trust will be made by
During the year, there are no (i) contracts of significance between                  the Company on or after the 10th anniversary date of the adoption
the Company, or one of its subsidiary companies, and a controlling                   date of the scheme. Details of the 2018 Share Award Scheme were
shareholder of the Company or any of its subsidiaries;                               announced by the Company on its adoption date.
(ii) arrangements under which a shareholder of the Company has waived
or agreed to waive any dividends of the Company; and (iii) pledging
of shares by the controlling shareholders of the Company under Rule
13.21 of the Listing Rules.




82     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




The Board may, from time to time, at their absolute discretion select    representing in aggregate over 0.10% of the total issued share capital
any individual as an Eligible Person for participation in the scheme     of the Company as at the Share Award Scheme Amendment Date,
(the “Selected Grantee”) and determine the number of shares to           such grant of awarded shares must be approved by the shareholders
be awarded. The relevant number of shares awarded will either be         in a general meeting with such Selected Grantee, his/her associates
purchased by the trustee of the scheme on the market or new shares       and all core connected persons of the Company abstaining from
will be subscribed for by the trustee at the cost of the Company         voting at such general meeting. Without prejudice to the above,
and be held in trust until they are vested on the first anniversary of   where any grant of awarded shares under the 2018 Share Award
the relevant date of grant (or such longer period as the Board may       Scheme and share options and awarded shares to be granted under
determine). For acceptance of the share awards, no payment is            any other share scheme(s) of the Company to an Independent
required. When a Selected Grantee has satisfied all vesting conditions   Non-executive Director or a substantial shareholder of the Company,
specified by the Board (which may include performance targets),          or any of their respective associates, would result in the shares issued
the trustee will upon the Company’s instruction transfer the relevant    and to be issued in respect of all share options and awarded shares
vested shares together with the income derived therefrom (net of         granted (excluding any share options and awarded shares lapsed
accrued interest) to the Selected Grantee.                               in accordance with the terms of the 2018 Share Award Scheme
                                                                         or any other share scheme(s) of the Company) to such person in
According to the scheme rules as amended and restated on May
                                                                         the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant
12, 2023, the scheme limits of the 2018 Share Award Scheme have
                                                                         representing in aggregate over 0.10% of the total issued share capital
been amended that the Board shall not make any further award of
                                                                         of the Company as at the Share Award Scheme Amendment Date,
awarded shares which will result in the number of shares awarded by
                                                                         such grant of awarded shares must be approved by the shareholders
the Board under the 2018 Share Award Scheme and any other share
                                                                         in a general meeting with such Selected Grantee, his/her associates
scheme(s) of the Company would represent in excess of 10.00% of
                                                                         and all core connected persons of the Company abstaining from
the total issued share capital of the Company as at the Share Award
                                                                         voting at such general meeting. The total issued share capital of
Scheme Amendment Date. Where any grant of awarded shares to a
                                                                         the Company as at the Share Award Scheme Amendment Date was
Selected Grantee under the 2018 Share Award Scheme would result
                                                                         1,834,797,941 shares.
in shares issued and to be issued in respect of all share options or
awarded shares granted to such person (excluding any share options       Notwithstanding that the 2018 Share Award Scheme does not
and awarded shares lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2018       stipulate that any awarded shares offered must be subject to any
Share Award Scheme or any other share scheme(s) of the Company)          performance target or clawback mechanism, the Directors or the
in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant        Remuneration Committee (as the case may be) have the authority
representing in aggregate over 1.00% of the total issued share           to establish performance targets and/or clawback mechanisms in
capital of the Company as at the Share Award Scheme Amendment            relation to the granting of awarded shares. The Board is of the view
Date, such grant of awarded shares must be separately approved by        that the flexibility granted to the Directors to specify appropriate
the shareholders in a general meeting with such Selected Grantee         conditions, restrictions and/or limitations on a case-by-case basis
and his/her close associates (or his/her associates if the Selected      in their absolute discretion when offering and/or vesting awarded
Grantee is a connected person of the Company) abstaining from            shares to Selected Grantees could provide a more meaningful and
voting. Without prejudice to the above, where any grant of awarded       functional means to achieve the purpose of the 2018 Share Award
shares or share options to a Director (other than an Independent         Scheme (whether as recognition of past contribution or as incentive
Non-executive Director) or chief executive of the Company, or any        to motivate, retain or attract suitable talents) in light of the particular
of their respective associates would result in the shares issued and     circumstances of each offer of awarded shares. General factors
to be issued in respect of all awarded shares and share options          that the Board may take into account for imposing performance
granted (excluding any awarded shares or share options lapsed            targets and clawback mechanisms include, but are not limited
in accordance with the terms of the 2018 Share Award Scheme              to, the Group’s level and the individual’s level. The Board or the
or any other share scheme(s) of the Company) to such person in           Remuneration Committee (as the case may be) will prudently assess
the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant           whether performance targets, if any, are satisfied before vesting of
                                                                         awarded shares.




                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025         83
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Share Award Scheme (continued)
Since the 2018 Adoption Date and up to December 31, 2025, a total of 19,725,500 shares had been awarded under the 2018 Share Award
Scheme, representing 1.08% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the Share Award Scheme Amendment Date. Recognition of
share-based payment expenses under the 2018 Share Award Scheme during the year was US$26,784,000. During the year ended December
31, 2025, a total of 2,025,000 shares had been awarded under the 2018 Share Award Scheme to fourteen Directors and one Selected Grantee
of the Company, representing an aggregate of 0.11% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the Share Award Scheme Amendment
Date. The total payout, including related expenses, amounted to US$24,653,000. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2025, a total
of 6,019,500 shares were transferred to six Directors and three Selected Grantees upon vesting under the 2018 Share Award Scheme. As at
December 31, 2025, details of the awarded shares granted under the 2018 Share Award Scheme of the Company were as follows:

                                                                                     Number of awarded shares
                                            Share award Number of       As at    Awarded      Vested    Lapsed          As at                              Closing price
                                                scheme   awarded    January 1,      during during the during the December 31,                                at the Date Purchase
Share awards holders          Date of Award    category    shares       2025      the year       year       year       2025              Vesting Period        of Award      price
                                                                                                                                                                   (HK$)    (HK$)
Directors

Mr Horst Julius Pudwill          21.3.2018       2018     500,000          —          —           —             —          —    15.3.2019 – 15.3.2022            47.00      30.29
                                 20.5.2019       2018     300,000          —          —           —             —          —    20.5.2020 – 20.5.2022            50.20      28.15
                               21.12.2020        2018   1,000,000          —          —           —             —          — 21.12.2020 – 21.12.2021            107.00      44.55
                               30.12.2021        2018     300,000          —          —           —             —          —     3.4.2023 – 30.12.2023          154.90     115.13
                               22.12.2023        2018     125,000    125,000          —           —             —    125,000                  22.12.2026         92.50     111.23
                                  2.4.2024       2018      55,500      55,500         —      (18,500)           —     37,000     2.4.2025 –     2.4.2027        104.80      97.12
                                  8.8.2024       2018     250,000    250,000          —           —             —    250,000                    8.8.2027         97.70     113.76
                                 16.4.2025       2018     250,000          —     250,000          —             —    250,000                   16.4.2028         74.85      95.04

Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill         21.3.2018       2018      50,000          —          —           —             —          —    15.3.2019 – 15.3.2022            47.00      30.29
                               21.12.2020        2018     100,000          —          —           —             —          — 21.12.2020 – 21.12.2021            107.00      44.55
                                30.12.2021       2018      50,000          —          —           —             —          — 30.12.2022 – 30.12.2023            154.90     115.13
                                22.12.2023       2018      75,000      75,000         —           —             —      75,000                 22.12.2026         92.50     111.23
                                  8.8.2024       2018     150,000    150,000          —           —             —    150,000                    8.8.2027         97.70     113.76
                                 16.4.2025       2018     150,000          —     150,000          —             —    150,000                   16.4.2028         74.85      95.04

Mr Steven Philip Richman         19.8.2024       2018     800,000    800,000          —     (600,000)           —    200,000    19.8.2025 – 19.8.2026           103.40     108.29
                                 16.4.2025       2018     800,000          —     800,000          —             —    800,000    16.4.2026 – 16.4.2028            74.85      95.04

Mr Kin Wah Chan                  21.3.2018       2018      50,000          —          —           —             —          —    15.3.2019 – 15.3.2022            47.00      30.29
                                21.12.2020       2018     100,000          —          —           —             —          — 21.12.2020 – 21.12.2021            107.00      44.55
                                30.12.2021       2018      50,000          —          —           —             —          — 30.12.2022 – 30.12.2023            154.90     115.13
                                22.12.2023       2018      75,000      75,000         —           —             —      75,000                 22.12.2026         92.50     111.23
                                  8.8.2024       2018     150,000    150,000          —           —             —    150,000                    8.8.2027         97.70     113.76
                                 16.4.2025       2018     150,000          —     150,000          —             —    150,000                   16.4.2028         74.85      95.04

Mr Chi Chung Chan                21.3.2018       2018      50,000          —          —           —             —          —    15.3.2019 – 15.3.2022            47.00      30.29
                                21.12.2020       2018     100,000          —          —           —             —          — 21.12.2020 – 21.12.2021            107.00      44.55
                                30.12.2021       2018      50,000          —          —           —             —          — 30.12.2022 – 30.12.2023            154.90     115.13
                                22.12.2023       2018      75,000      75,000         —           —             —      75,000                 22.12.2026         92.50     111.23
                                  8.8.2024       2018     150,000    150,000          —           —             —    150,000                    8.8.2027         97.70     113.76
                                 16.4.2025       2018     150,000          —     150,000          —             —    150,000                   16.4.2028         74.85      95.04




84          Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




                                                                                      Number of awarded shares
                                             Share award Number of       As at    Awarded      Vested    Lapsed          As at                                    Closing price
                                                 scheme   awarded    January 1,      during during the during the December 31,                                      at the Date Purchase
Share awards holders           Date of Award    category    shares       2025      the year       year       year       2025              Vesting Period              of Award      price
                                                                                                                                                                          (HK$)    (HK$)
Directors (continued)
Mr Camille Jojo                    2.1.2019       2018      10,000          —          —           —             —          —                    2.1.2019               41.10      28.15
                                  20.5.2019       2018     150,000          —          —           —             —          —    20.5.2020 – 20.5.2022                  50.20      38.30
                                   3.1.2020       2018      12,500          —          —           —             —          —                    3.1.2020               64.70      44.62
                                21.12.2020        2018      10,000          —          —           —             —          — 21.12.2021 – 21.12.2022                  107.00      44.55
                                31.12.2020        2018      10,500          —          —           —             —          —                  31.12.2020              110.60      49.67
                                30.12.2021        2018      18,000          —          —           —             —          — 30.12.2021 – 30.12.2022                  154.90     115.13
                                30.12.2022        2018      11,000          —          —           —             —          —                  30.12.2022               87.10     142.95
                                22.12.2023        2018      12,500      12,500         —           —             —      12,500                 22.12.2026               92.50     111.23
                                   2.4.2024       2018     500,000    500,000          —     (166,500)           —    333,500     2.4.2025 –     2.4.2027              104.80      97.12
                                   8.8.2024       2018     100,000    100,000          —           —             —    100,000                    8.8.2027               97.70     113.76
                                  16.4.2025       2018     115,000          —     115,000          —             —    115,000                   16.4.2028               74.85      95.04

Mr Peter David Sullivan          21.12.2020       2018      10,000          —          —           —             —          — 21.12.2021 – 21.12.2022                  107.00      44.55
                                 30.12.2021       2018      12,500          —          —           —             —          —                  30.12.2022              154.90     115.13
                                 22.12.2023       2018      12,500          —          —           —             —          —                  22.12.2024               92.50     111.23
                                   8.8.2024       2018      20,000      20,000         —      (20,000)           —          —                    8.8.2025               97.70     113.76
                                  16.4.2025       2018      20,000          —      20,000          —             —      20,000                  16.4.2026               74.85      95.04

Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse        21.12.2020       2018      10,000          —          —           —             —          — 21.12.2021 – 21.12.2022                  107.00      44.55
                                 30.12.2021       2018      12,500          —          —           —             —          —                    2.5.2024(6)           154.90     115.13
                                22.12.2023        2018      12,500          —          —           —             —          —                  22.12.2024               92.50     111.23
                                   8.8.2024       2018      20,000      20,000         —      (20,000)           —          —                    8.8.2025               97.70     113.76
                                  16.4.2025       2018      20,000          —      20,000          —             —     20,000                   16.4.2026               74.85      95.04

Mr Robert Hinman Getz           21.12.2020        2018      10,000       5,000         —           —             —       5,000                        N/A   (7)
                                                                                                                                                                       107.00      44.55
                                30.12.2021        2018      12,500      12,500         —           —             —     12,500                         N/A   (8)
                                                                                                                                                                       154.90     115.13
                                22.12.2023        2018      12,500      12,500         —           —             —     12,500                         N/A   (9)
                                                                                                                                                                        92.50     111.23
                                   8.8.2024       2018      20,000      20,000         —           —             —     20,000                         N/A(10)           97.70     113.76
                                  16.4.2025       2018      20,000          —      20,000          —             —     20,000                   16.4.2026               74.85      95.04

Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding    30.12.2021        2018      12,500      12,500         —           —             —     12,500                         N/A(11)          154.90     115.13
                                22.12.2023        2018      12,500      12,500         —           —             —     12,500                         N/A(12)           92.50     111.23
                                   8.8.2024       2018      20,000      20,000         —           —             —     20,000                         N/A(13)           97.70     113.76
                                  16.4.2025       2018      20,000          —      20,000          —             —     20,000                   16.4.2026               74.85      95.04

Ms Caroline Christina Kracht    22.12.2023        2018      12,500          —          —           —             —          —                  22.12.2024               92.50     111.23
                                   8.8.2024       2018      20,000      20,000         —      (20,000)           —          —                    8.8.2025               97.70     113.76
                                  16.4.2025       2018      20,000          —      20,000          —             —     20,000                   16.4.2026               74.85      95.04




                                                                                                                       Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025                        85
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Share Award Scheme (continued)
                                                                                        Number of awarded shares
                                             Share award Number of        As at     Awarded      Vested    Lapsed          As at                                     Closing price
                                                 scheme   awarded     January 1,       during during the during the December 31,                                       at the Date Purchase
Share awards holders           Date of Award    category    shares        2025       the year       year       year       2025                  Vesting Period           of Award      price
                                                                                                                                                                             (HK$)    (HK$)

Directors (continued)

Mr Andrew Philip Roberts           8.8.2024       2018      20,000       20,000          —               —          —        20,000                       N/A(14)          97.70     113.76
                                  16.4.2025       2018      20,000           —       20,000              —          —        20,000                 16.4.2026              74.85      95.04
Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng                16.4.2025       2018      20,000           —       20,000              —          —        20,000                 16.4.2026              74.85      95.04

Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong         16.4.2025       2018      20,000           —       20,000              —          —        20,000                 16.4.2026              74.85      95.04

Total for directors                                       7,477,500   2,693,000 1,775,000      (845,000)            —      3,623,000

Employees                         21.3.2018       2018     514,000           —           —               —          —             —    15.3.2019 – 15.3.2022               47.00      30.29
                                  20.5.2019       2018    1,100,000          —           —               —          —             —    20.5.2020 – 20.5.2024               50.20      45.30
                                   3.1.2020       2018    1,000,000   1,000,000          — (1,000,000)              —             —                  5.1.2025 (15)
                                                                                                                                                                           64.70      44.38
                                 21.12.2020       2018    1,000,000          —           —               —          —             —                21.12.2020(15)         107.00      44.55
                                 21.12.2020       2018      10,000           —           —               —          —             —                 20.5.2021             107.00      44.55
                                 21.12.2020       2018      10,000           —           —               —          —             —                 30.7.2021             107.00      44.55
                                 21.12.2020       2018      10,000           —           —               —          —             — 21.12.2021 – 21.12.2022               107.00      44.55
                                   4.3.2021       2018    1,000,000          —           —               —          —             —                  4.3.2021(15)         121.40      80.25
                                   4.3.2021       2018    1,000,000   1,000,000          — (1,000,000)              —             —                  5.1.2025(15)         121.40      80.25
                                 30.12.2021       2018      12,500           —           —               —          —             —                30.12.2022             154.90     115.13
                                 31.12.2021       2018    1,000,000   1,000,000          — (1,000,000)              —             —                  5.1.2025 (15)
                                                                                                                                                                          155.20     121.14
                                   3.3.2022       2018    1,000,000          —           —               —          —             —                  3.3.2022(15)         136.10     130.19
                                   3.3.2022       2018    1,000,000          —           —               —          —             —                 23.3.2023 (15)
                                                                                                                                                                          136.10     130.19
                                 30.12.2022       2018    1,000,000   1,000,000          — (1,000,000)              —             —                  5.1.2025 (15)
                                                                                                                                                                           87.10     142.95
                                 22.12.2023       2018    1,000,000          —           —               —          —             —                22.12.2024              92.50     111.23
                                 22.12.2023       2018      12,500       12,500          —          (12,500)        —             —                 10.5.2025              92.50     111.23
                                   5.1.2024       2018    1,000,000   1,000,000          — (1,000,000)              —             —                  5.1.2025              86.80     103.48
                                   2.4.2024       2018      79,000       79,000          —          (79,000)        —             —                  2.4.2025             104.80      97.12
                                  30.9.2024       2018     250,000      250,000          —          (83,000)        —       167,000    30.9.2025 – 30.9.2027              118.10     105.21
                                  24.4.2025       2018     250,000           —      250,000              —          —       250,000    24.4.2026 – 24.4.2028               78.05      91.45

Total for employees                                      12,248,000   5,341,500     250,000 (5,174,500)             —       417,000

Total for all categories                                 19,725,500   8,034,500 2,025,000 (6,019,500)               —      4,040,000

Notes:                                                                                        (4)      The performance targets of the awarded shares granted in 2023 to Executive
(1)    All the awarded shares are purchased on-market. All awarded shares were                         Directors are generally assessed at two respective levels, namely the individual
       granted to both Directors and the Selected Grantee during the year ended                        level and the Group’s level. None of the awarded shares granted in 2023 to
       December 31, 2025. No share awards were cancelled or lapsed during the                          the Non-executive Director and the Independent Non-executive Directors are
       year ended December 31, 2025.                                                                   subject to any performance targets assessment by the Company.

(2)    At the end of the year, the average fair value per share is HK$101.68. The             (5)      The performance targets of the awarded shares granted in 2024 and 2025
       average fair value of the awarded shares is based on the average purchase                       to Executive Directors and Selected Grantee are generally assessed at two
       cost.                                                                                           respective levels, namely the individual level and the Group’s level. None of the
                                                                                                       awarded shares granted in 2024 and 2025 to the Independent Non-executive
(3)    During the reporting year, a total of 2,425,000 shares were purchased at an
                                                                                                       Directors are subject to any performance targets assessment by the Company.
       aggregate consideration of US$29,174,000 for satisfying the awards granted
       pursuant to the 2018 Share Award Scheme.


86        Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                 REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




(6)   The Board has exercised its discretion under the scheme rules to              The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the
      amend the vesting date of the 12,500 shares which were awarded to             various dates on which the share awards were granted ranged from
      Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse from December 30, 2022 to May 2, 2024.
                                                                                    HK$75.50 to HK$79.20 in 2025. The fair value of awarded shares at
(7)   The Board has exercised its discretion under the scheme rules to amend the
                                                                                    the date of grant in 2025 was ranged from HK$91.45 to HK$95.04.
      vesting date of the 5,000 shares which were awarded to Mr Robert Hinman
      Getz from December 21, 2022 to upon his cessation as a director of            The weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares
      the Company.
                                                                                    immediately before the various dates on which the share awards
(8)   The Board has exercised its discretion under the scheme rules to amend the    were vested during 2025 was HK$101.23. The number of shares that
      vesting date of the 12,500 shares which were awarded to Mr Robert Hinman
                                                                                    may be issued in respect of share awards granted under the 2018
      Getz from December 30, 2022 to upon his cessation as a director of
      the Company.                                                                  Share Award Scheme and the share options granted under Scheme
(9)   The Board has exercised its discretion under the scheme rules to amend the
                                                                                    E (details are set out in the “Share Options” section) during 2025
      vesting date of the 12,500 shares which were awarded to Mr Robert Hinman      divided by the weighted average number of shares in issue (excluding
      Getz from December 22, 2024 to upon his cessation as a director of            treasury shares, if any) for the year is 0.19%.
      the Company.
                                                                                    The total number of shares available for issue under the 2018
(10) The Board has exercised its discretion under the scheme rules to amend the
     vesting date of the 20,000 shares which were awarded to Mr Robert Hinman       Share Award Scheme (i) are 158,471,294 shares, representing
     Getz from August 8, 2025 to upon his cessation as a director of the Company.   approximately 8.66% of the issued share (excluding treasury
(11) The Board has exercised its discretion under the scheme rules to amend the     shares) of the Company as at the date of this Annual Report, and (ii)
     vesting date of the 12,500 shares which were awarded to Ms Virginia Davis      162,015,794 shares, representing approximately 8.84% of the issued
     Wilmerding from December 30, 2022 to upon her cessation as a director of       shares (excluding treasury shares) of the Company as at the date of
     the Company.
                                                                                    the Annual Report for the financial year ended December 31, 2024.
(12) The Board has exercised its discretion under the scheme rules to amend the
     vesting date of the 12,500 shares which were awarded to Ms Virginia Davis      Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others
     Wilmerding from December 22, 2024 to upon her cessation as a director of       providing similar services are measured at the fair value of the equity
     the Company.                                                                   instruments at the grant date.
(13) The Board has exercised its discretion under the scheme rules to amend the
     vesting date of the 20,000 shares which were awarded to Ms Virginia Davis      The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments
     Wilmerding from August 8, 2025 to upon her cessation as a director of          determined at the grant date without taking into consideration all
     the Company.                                                                   non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis
(14) The Board has exercised its discretion under the scheme rules to amend         over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity
     the vesting date of the 20,000 shares which were awarded to Mr Andrew          instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase
     Philip Roberts from August 8, 2025 to upon his cessation as a director of
                                                                                    in equity (employee share-based compensation reserve). At the
     the Company.
                                                                                    end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the
(15) These 8,000,000 shares in aggregate were granted before January 1, 2023
     and were subject to performance-based targets and clawback mechanisms.
                                                                                    number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment
                                                                                    of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the
                                                                                    revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognized in profit or
                                                                                    loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate,
                                                                                    with a corresponding adjustment to the employee share-based
                                                                                    compensation reserve.




                                                                                                           Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025      87
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Share Award Scheme (continued)                                             Employee Equity Incentive Plan
When the trustee purchases the Company’s shares on the open                The Board approved the adoption of the Employee Equity Incentive
market, the consideration paid, including any directly attributable        Plan (the “Employee Equity Incentive Plan”) with effect from
incremental costs, is presented as shares held for share award             May 8, 2025 (the “Adoption Date”), which is a single share award
scheme and deducted from total equity. No gain or loss is recognized       scheme under which (i) no share options can be granted; and (ii) any
on the transactions of the Company’s own shares.                           awards granted thereunder will be entirely satisfied by the purchase
                                                                           of the existing shares of the Company through an independent third
When the trustee transfers the Company’s shares to grantees upon
                                                                           party trustee on the secondary market at the Board’s direction. The
vesting, the related costs of the granted shares vested are reversed
                                                                           purposes of the Employee Equity Incentive Plan are to (i) enable the
from shares held under the share award scheme. Accordingly,
                                                                           Group to attract and retain any person employed by any member of
the related expense of the granted shares vested is reversed from
                                                                           the Group (whether full time or part time) and such other individuals
the employee share-based compensation reserve. The difference
                                                                           designated by the Board who are reasonably expected to become a
arising from this transfer is debited/credited to retained profits. At
                                                                           Group’s employee after the receipt of awards as an inducement (the
the end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the
                                                                           “Employees”) who will contribute the Company’s long-term success;
number of shares that are expected to ultimately vest. The impact
                                                                           (ii) provide incentives that aligns the interests of the Employees with
of the revision of the estimate, if any, is recognized in profit or loss
                                                                           those of the shareholders of the Company; and (iii) promote the
with a corresponding adjustment to the employee share-based
                                                                           success of the Company’s business. The Employee Equity Incentive
compensation reserve.
                                                                           Plan shall remain in effect for a period of ten years from the Adoption
The fair value of the share award is estimated based on the share          Date, unless terminated earlier by the Board in its sole discretion.
price of the Company on date of purchase/grant.
                                                                           The Employee Equity Incentive Plan does not involve granting
None of the share awards granted under the 2018 Share                      awards that are to be satisfied by issue of new shares or resale of
Award Scheme before January 1, 2023 were subject to any                    treasury shares (if any) of the Company as referred to in Chapter 17
performance-based targets or clawback mechanisms except for                of the Listing Rules. No new shares or treasury shares (if any) of
the 8,000,000 shares as detailed in Note (15) on page 87. The              the Company shall be utilized to satisfy any awards under the Employee
Remuneration Committee is of the view that these are justifiable           Equity Incentive Plan. For acceptance of the share awards under the
as all such decisions were (i) made before the corresponding               Employee Equity Incentive Plan, no payment is required.
new requirements under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules became
                                                                           The Employee Equity Incentive Plan shall be administered by
effective on January 1, 2023 and within the authority and discretion
                                                                           the Board or, in its sole discretion, by the Remuneration Committee of
of the Board as stipulated under the rules of the 2018 Share Award
                                                                           the Board or its delegate, in accordance with the terms of the Employee
Scheme; and (ii) aligned with the purpose of the 2018 Share Award
                                                                           Equity Incentive Plan and subject to applicable law. The Board (or its
Scheme as a recognition and reward of the grantee’s contributions to
                                                                           delegate) will have full authority in its sole discretion and based on
the Group’s continuing operation and development and which in turn
                                                                           such factors as it shall consider relevant to, inter alia, (i) determine
is beneficial to the shareholders and the Company as a whole from a
                                                                           the eligibility of, and to select, any Employee to participate in the
business sustainability and stability perspective.
                                                                           Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the “Selected Participant”); (ii) the
Save as disclosed above, no other person was granted share awards          terms and conditions of any awards to be granted (including when an
under the 2018 Share Award Scheme for the year ended                       award are to be granted under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan
December 31, 2025.                                                         and the applicable date of grant) (the “Grant Date”); (iii) the number
                                                                           of shares to be made subject to each award; and (iv) the vesting date
                                                                           of each award (the “Vesting Date”).




88     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




The total number of shares which may be awarded under the               Subject to the Selected Participant’s continuous service as an
Employee Equity Incentive Plan shall not exceed 2.00% of the shares     employee of a member of the Group (“Continuous Service”) from
in issue as at the Adoption Date (i.e. 36,631,498 Shares). Since the    the Grant Date through the end of the vesting period identified
Adoption Date and up to December 31, 2025, a total of 1,680,943         in the award agreement and such other conditions as may be
shares had been awarded under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan.       reflected therein, RSUs will generally vest over a three-year period
The maximum number of shares which may be awarded to any single         commencing from the Grant Date as follows (unless otherwise stated
Selected Participant under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan shall     in the award agreement): (i) 33% of the RSUs will vest on the first
not exceed 1.00% of the shares in issue as at the Adoption Date (i.e.   anniversary of the Grant Date; (ii) 33% of the RSUs will vest on the
18,315,749 Shares).                                                     second anniversary of the Grant Date; and (iii) the remaining 34%
                                                                        of the RSUs will vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date.
Awards may be granted under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan in
                                                                        The Board shall have the discretion to determine the number of shares
the form of Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”) or Performance Share
                                                                        subject to a PSU and the vesting conditions thereof that must be
Units (“PSUs”). A RSU is an award of hypothetical shares units
                                                                        satisfied for a Selected Participant, including (i) the attainment
valued at the higher of (i) closing price per share as quoted on the
                                                                        of specified performance goals established by the Board for the
Stock Exchange on the Grant Date; and (ii) the average closing prices
                                                                        relevant performance period based on business criteria or other
per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the five business
                                                                        performance measures determined by the Board (the “Performance
days in Hong Kong immediately preceding the Grant Date (the “Fair
                                                                        Requirement”); and (ii) the Selected Participant’s Continuous
Market Value”) of an identical number of shares as at the relevant
                                                                        Service from the Grant Date through the end of such performance
Grant Date. The number of RSUs awarded to a Selected Participant
                                                                        period. Subject to any applicable law, the Board may provide for
will be determined by dividing the monetary value of the RSUs by the
                                                                        an acceleration of vesting of all or as specified part of an award
Fair Market Value of the shares represented thereby as at the Grant
                                                                        immediately upon termination of a Selected Participant’s service
Date. A PSU is an award of hypothetical shares units valued at the
                                                                        or employment due to death, disability or terminal illness, or the
Fair Market Value of an identical number of shares as at the relevant
                                                                        occurrence of any other out of control events.
Grant Date. The number of PSUs awarded to a Selected Participant
will be determined by dividing the monetary value of the PSUs by the    Unvested awards will generally be forfeited upon cessation of the
Fair Market Value of the shares represented thereby as at the Grant     Selected Participant’s Continuous Service, and, in the case of
Date.                                                                   PSUs, the Performance Requirement is not satisfied. In the event
                                                                        of termination for cause, both vested and unvested awards shall be
                                                                        forfeited as of the Selected Participant’s termination and the Board
                                                                        may claw back all or a specified part of the vested awards.

                                                                        Subject to the Board’s approval and the availability of sufficient funds
                                                                        in the trust, a Selected Participant may elect to receive, in lieu of
                                                                        the delivery of a portion of the vested shares otherwise deliverable
                                                                        under an award on the Vesting Date, a cash amount equivalent to
                                                                        such Selected Participant’s estimated tax or withholding obligations
                                                                        related to the granting, vesting or settlement of such award, or the




                                                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025        89
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Employee Equity Incentive Plan (continued)                                                    Participant (except to the extent necessary to meet any governmental
                                                                                              withholding obligation of the Company, the trust or an affiliate
transfer of the vested shares (the “Cash Equivalent”) by written notice
                                                                                              of the Company) entirely out of the funds in the trust; and (ii)
no less than 20 business days in Hong Kong prior to the relevant
                                                                                              correspondingly reduce the number of vested shares deliverable
Vesting Date (the “Cash Election”). The Cash Equivalent shall be
                                                                                              to the Selected Participant on the relevant Vesting Date. If a Cash
calculated based on the closing price per share on the relevant
                                                                                              Election is not submitted, or is rejected or deemed invalid, the award
Vesting Date as quoted on the Stock Exchange, multiplied by the
                                                                                              will remain to be vested in shares.
number of shares that would otherwise have been so vested to the
Selected Participant.                                                                         As at December 31, 2025, details of the awarded shares granted
                                                                                              under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan were as follows:
If approved by the Board in its sole discretion, it will (i) instruct
the trustee to pay the Cash Equivalent directly to the Selected



                                                                                      Number of awarded shares
                                                                                                                                                         Closing
                                                    Number of        As at     Awarded        Vested       Lapsed           As at                        price at
                                                     awarded     January 1,       during       during       during   December 31,                       the Date    Purchase
Share awards holders Date of Award      Category       shares        2025       the year     the year     the year         2025          Vesting Period of Award        price
                                                                                                                                                           (HK$)       (HK$)
Directors                       N/A          N/A           —            —             —           —              —             —                   N/A       N/A         N/A

Five highest paid          3.7.2025        RSUs       501,626           —      501,626            —              —       501,626    3.7.2025 – 3.7.2028    88.55       91.40
  individuals during
  2025

Other employees            3.7.2025        RSUs     1,179,317           —     1,179,317           —              —      1,179,317   3.7.2025 – 3.7.2028    88.55       91.40
  in aggregate

Total                                               1,680,943           —     1,680,943           —              —      1,680,943

Notes:                                                                                        The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the
(1)     All the awarded shares under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan are                   various dates on which the share awards under the Employee Equity
        purchased on-market.                                                                  Incentive Plan were granted was HK$87.50 in 2025. The fair value of
(2)     All the awarded shares granted under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan               awarded shares under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan at the date
        during the year ended December 31, 2025 were RSUs. No PSUs were                       of grant in 2025 was HK$91.40.
        awarded under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan during the year ended
        December 31, 2025. No share awards under the Employee Equity Incentive                The total number of shares available for grant under the Employee
        Plan were cancelled or lapsed during the year ended December 31, 2025.                Equity Incentive Plan as at the date of this Annual Report is
(3)     At the end of the year, the average fair value per share under the Employee           34,950,555 shares, which represents (i) approximately 1.91% of the
        Equity Incentive Plan is HK$91.40. The average fair value of the awarded
                                                                                              issued share capital of the Company as at December 31, 2025; and
        shares is based on the average purchase cost.
                                                                                              (ii) approximately 1.91% of the issued share capital of the Company
(4)     During the reporting year, a total of 1,675,000 shares were purchased at an
                                                                                              as at the date of this Annual Report.
        aggregate consideration of US$19,705,000 for satisfying the awards granted
        pursuant to the Employee Equity Incentive Plan.                                       Save as disclosed above, no other person was granted share awards
                                                                                              under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan for the year ended
                                                                                              December 31, 2025.




90          Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Substantial Shareholders’ Interests
As at December 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of the following persons, other than directors and chief executive of the Company, in
the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company which have been disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO have been recorded in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                                               Approximate aggregate
Name                                                                             Total interests in shares                (L/S/LP)*            percentage of interests
JPMorgan Chase & Co.(1)                                                                        161,133,830                         (L)                            8.81%
                                                                                                  2,732,221                       (S)                             0.15%
                                                                                               107,436,326                       (LP)                             5.87%
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation            (2)
                                                                                               139,955,933                         (L)                            7.65%
                                                                                                53,212,995                        (S)                             2.91%
                                                                                                82,176,444                       (LP)                             4.49%
BlackRock, Inc.    (3)
                                                                                                92,602,298                         (L)                            5.06%
                                                                                                    980,000                       (S)                             0.05%

*     (L/S/LP) represents (Long position/Short position/Lending pool)
Notes:
(1)   The following is a breakdown of the interests in shares in the Company held by JPMorgan Chase & Co.:


                                                                                                                         Total interests in shares

                                                                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                              Direct                            Deemed                         percentage of
      Name                                                                 Remarks          interests        (L/S/LP)*          interests      (L/S/LP)*           interests

      JPMorgan Chase & Co.                                                     (1a)               —                —       161,133,830                 (L)           8.81%
                                                                                                  —                —          2,732,221                (S)           0.15%
                                                                                                  —                —       107,436,326                (LP)           5.87%
      JPMorgan Asset Management (Taiwan) Limited                               (1b)          47,000                (L)                   —             —             0.00%
      55I, LLC                                                                 (1b)           1,105                (L)                   —             —             0.00%
      J.P. Morgan SE                                                           (1b)           6,000                (L)                   —             —             0.00%
      J.P. MORGAN MARKETS LIMITED                                              (1b)             438                (L)                   —             —             0.00%
      J.P. Morgan Securities LLC                                               (1b)       5,669,779                (L)                   —             —             0.31%
                                                                                              1,565                (S)                   —             —             0.00%
      JPMORGAN ASSET MANAGEMENT (UK) LIMITED                                   (1b)       1,661,913                (L)                   —             —             0.09%
                                                                                                160                (S)                   —             —             0.00%
      J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc.                                   (1b)      35,617,144                (L)                   —             —             1.95%
      J.P. Morgan Prime Inc.                                                   (1b)         362,780                (L)                   —             —             0.02%
                                                                                            335,500                (S)                   —             —             0.02%
      JPMorgan Asset Management (Japan) Limited                                (1b)         120,700                (L)                   —             —             0.01%
      J.P. Morgan Trust Company of Delaware                                    (1b)          83,743                (L)                   —             —             0.00%
      JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association                                (1b)    109,415,717                 (L)                   —             —             5.98%
      J.P. Morgan Alternative Asset Management, Inc.                           (1b)           1,000                (S)                   —             —             0.00%
      JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited                         (1b)                1               (L)                   —             —             0.00%
                                                                                                   1               (S)                   —             —             0.00%
      J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA                                                  (1b)          55,500                (L)                   —             —             0.00%
      J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC                                               (1b)       8,092,010                (L)                   —             —             0.44%
                                                                                          2,393,995                (S)                   —             —             0.13%
      JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia) Inc.                                    (1b)               —                —            167,701                (L)           0.01%
                                                                                                  —                —                     1             (S)           0.00%
      JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc.                                  (1b)               —                —         37,447,863                (L)           2.05%
                                                                                                  —                —               1,161               (S)           0.00%




                                                                                                                         Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025         91
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Substantial Shareholders’ Interests (continued)
                                                                                                             Total interests in shares

                                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                      Direct                        Deemed                         percentage of
     Name                                                                Remarks    interests    (L/S/LP)*          interests      (L/S/LP)*            interests

     JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC                                             (1b)         —             —        43,564,603              (L)              2.38%
                                                                                          —             —           338,226              (S)              0.02%
     55 Institutional Partners, LLC                                          (1b)         —             —              1,105             (L)              0.00%
     J.P. Morgan International Finance Limited                               (1b)         —             —         8,153,510              (L)              0.45%
                                                                                          —             —         2,393,995              (S)              0.13%
     JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association                               (1b)         —             —         8,153,510              (L)              0.45%
                                                                                          —             —         2,393,995              (S)              0.13%
     J.P. MORGAN FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS LIMITED                               (1b)         —             —                438             (L)              0.00%
     J.P. Morgan Broker-Dealer Holdings Inc.                                 (1b)         —             —         6,032,559              (L)              0.33%
                                                                                          —             —           337,065              (S)              0.02%
     JPMORGAN ASSET MANAGEMENT INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                         (1b)         —             —         1,661,913              (L)              0.09%
                                                                                          —             —                160             (S)              0.00%
     J.P. Morgan Securities LLC                                              (1b)         —             —           362,780              (L)              0.02%
                                                                                          —             —           335,500              (S)              0.02%
     J.P. MORGAN CAPITAL HOLDINGS LIMITED                                    (1b)         —             —         8,092,010              (L)              0.44%
                                                                                          —             —         2,393,995              (S)              0.13%


     Remarks:                                                                               Asset Management, Inc., JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific)
     (1a) JPMorgan Chase & Co. is listed on New York Stock Exchange. The                    Limited, J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA, J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC,
          capacity of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in holding the 161,133,830 shares                JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia) Inc., JPMorgan Asset Management
          of long position, 2,732,221 shares of short position and 107,436,326              Holdings Inc., JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, 55 Institutional Partners,
          shares of lending pool respectively was as controlled corporation.                LLC, J.P. Morgan International Finance Limited, JPMorgan Chase
                                                                                            Bank, National Association, J.P. MORGAN FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS
     (1b) JPMorgan Asset Management (Taiwan) Limited, 55I, LLC, J.P. Morgan
                                                                                            LIMITED, J.P. Morgan Broker-Dealer Holdings Inc., JPMORGAN ASSET
          SE, J.P. MORGAN MARKETS LIMITED, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC,
                                                                                            MANAGEMENT INTERNATIONAL LIMITED, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
          JPMORGAN ASSET MANAGEMENT (UK) LIMITED, J.P. Morgan
                                                                                            and J.P. MORGAN CAPITAL HOLDINGS LIMITED were all directly or
          Investment Management Inc., J.P. Morgan Prime Inc., JPMorgan Asset
                                                                                            indirectly owned by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and by virtue of the SFO,
          Management (Japan) Limited, J.P. Morgan Trust Company of Delaware,
                                                                                            JPMorgan Chase & Co. was deemed to be interested in the shares held
          JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, J.P. Morgan Alternative
                                                                                            by these subsidiaries.




92     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




(2)   The following is a breakdown of the interest in shares in the Company held by
      The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation:


                                                                                                                   Total interests in shares

                                                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                             Direct                       Deemed                         percentage of
      Name                                                                  Remarks        interests   (L/S/LP)*          interests      (L/S/LP)*           interests

      The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation                                    (2a)            —           —       139,955,933                 (L)           7.65%
                                                                                                 —           —         53,212,995                (S)           2.91%
                                                                                                 —           —         82,176,444               (LP)           4.49%
      The Bank of New York Mellon                                                (2b)   139,603,278          (L)                —                —             7.63%
                                                                                         53,212,995          (S)                —                —             2.91%
      BNY Mellon, National Association                                           (2b)       79,110           (L)                —                —             0.00%
      B.N.Y. Holdings (Delaware) Corporation                                     (2b)            —           —                 525               (L)           0.00%
      BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware                                               (2b)          525           (L)                —                —             0.00%
      The Bank of New York Mellon                                                (2b)            —           —            273,020                (L)           0.01%
      BNY International Financing Corporation                                    (2b)            —           —            273,020                (L)           0.01%
      BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited                              (2b)      273,020           (L)                —                —             0.01%



      Remarks:
      (2a) The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is listed on New York Stock
           Exchange. The capacity of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation in
           holding the 139,955,933 shares of long position, 53,212,995 shares of
           short position and 82,176,444 shares of lending pool respectively was as
           controlling corporation.
      (2b) The Bank of New York Mellon, BNY Mellon, National Association, B.N.Y.
           Holdings (Delaware) Corporation, BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware, The
           Bank of New York Mellon, BNY International Financing Corporation
           and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited were all directly or
           indirectly owned by The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation and by
           virtue of the SFO, The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation was deemed
           to be interested in the shares held by these subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025         93
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Substantial Shareholders’ Interests (continued)
(3)   The following is a breakdown of the interest in shares in the Company held by
      BlackRock, Inc.:


                                                                                                                  Total interests in shares

                                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                            Direct                       Deemed                     percentage of
      Name                                                                  Remarks       interests   (L/S/LP)*          interests      (L/S/LP)*       interests

      BlackRock, Inc.                                                            (3a)           —           —         92,602,298              (L)         5.06%
                                                                                                —           —            980,000              (S)         0.05%
      BlackRock Finance, Inc.                                                    (3b)           —           —         92,602,298              (L)         5.06%
                                                                                                —           —            980,000              (S)         0.05%
      Trident Merger, LLC                                                        (3b)           —           —          2,709,206              (L)         0.15%
      BlackRock Investment Management, LLC                                       (3b)           —           —          1,356,306              (L)         0.07%
                                                                                         1,352,500          (L)                —              —           0.07%
      BlackRock Holdco 2, Inc.                                                   (3b)           —           —         89,893,092              (L)         4.91%
                                                                                                —           —            980,000              (S)         0.05%
      BlackRock Financial Management, Inc.                                       (3b)           —           —         86,484,436              (L)         4.73%
                                                                                                —           —            217,500              (S)         0.01%
                                                                                         3,408,656          (L)                —              —           0.19%
                                                                                          762,500           (S)                —              —           0.04%
      BlackRock Holdco 4, LLC                                                    (3b)           —           —         46,246,392              (L)         2.53%
                                                                                                —           —            217,500              (S)         0.01%
      BlackRock Holdco 6, LLC                                                    (3b)           —           —         46,246,392              (L)         2.53%
                                                                                                —           —            217,500              (S)         0.01%
      BlackRock Delaware Holdings Inc.                                           (3b)           —           —         46,246,392              (L)         2.53%
                                                                                                —           —            217,500              (S)         0.01%
      BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, National Association                (3b)   20,229,112          (L)                —              —           1.11%
                                                                                          217,500           (S)                —              —           0.01%
      BlackRock Fund Advisors                                                    (3b)   26,017,280          (L)                —              —           1.42%
      BlackRock Capital Holdings, Inc.                                           (3b)           —           —          5,555,131              (L)         0.30%
      BlackRock Advisors, LLC                                                    (3b)    5,555,131          (L)                —              —           0.30%
      BlackRock International Holdings, Inc.                                     (3b)           —           —         34,682,913              (L)         1.90%
      BR Jersey International Holdings L.P.                                      (3b)           —           —         33,146,322              (L)         1.81%
      BlackRock Lux Finco S.à r.l.                                               (3b)           —           —          4,692,360              (L)         0.26%
      BlackRock Japan Holdings GK                                                (3b)           —           —          4,692,360              (L)         0.26%
      BlackRock Japan Co., Ltd.                                                  (3b)    4,692,360          (L)                —              —           0.26%
      BlackRock Holdco 3, LLC                                                    (3b)           —           —         22,869,548              (L)         1.25%
      BlackRock Canada Holdings ULC                                              (3b)           —           —          1,536,591              (L)         0.08%
      BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited                                  (3b)    1,536,591          (L)                —              —           0.08%
      BlackRock Australia Holdco Pty. Ltd.                                       (3b)           —           —          1,801,000              (L)         0.10%
      BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited                        (3b)    1,801,000          (L)                —              —           0.10%
      BlackRock (Singapore) Holdco Pte. Ltd.                                     (3b)           —           —          8,475,774              (L)         0.46%
      BlackRock HK Holdco Limited                                                (3b)           —           —          7,876,833              (L)         0.43%
      BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited                              (3b)    3,184,473          (L)                —              —           0.17%
      BlackRock Cayman 1 LP                                                      (3b)           —           —         22,869,548              (L)         1.25%
      BlackRock Cayman West Bay Finco Limited                                    (3b)           —           —         22,869,548              (L)         1.25%
      BlackRock Cayman West Bay IV Limited                                       (3b)           —           —         22,869,548              (L)         1.25%
      BlackRock Group Limited                                                    (3b)           —           —         22,869,548              (L)         1.25%
      BlackRock Finance Europe Limited                                           (3b)           —           —         12,882,775              (L)         0.70%
      BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V.                                               (3b)    3,585,683          (L)                —              —           0.20%




94      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




                                                                                                               Total interests in shares

                                                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                       Direct                         Deemed                         percentage of
Name                                                                 Remarks         interests     (L/S/LP)*          interests      (L/S/LP)*           interests

BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited                                             (3b)     419,802             (L)                —                —              0.02%
BlackRock International Limited                                             (3b)           —             —            610,894                (L)            0.03%
                                                                                      41,500             (L)                —                —              0.00%
BlackRock France SAS                                                        (3b)       3,500             (L)                —                —              0.00%
BlackRock Group Limited-Luxembourg Branch                                   (3b)           —             —          9,330,879                (L)            0.51%
BlackRock Luxembourg Holdco S.à r.l.                                        (3b)           —             —          9,330,879                (L)            0.51%
BlackRock Investment Management Ireland Holdings Unlimited                  (3b)           —             —          7,394,879                (L)            0.40%
  Company
BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited                                  (3b)   7,394,879             (L)                —                —              0.40%
BLACKROCK (Luxembourg) S.A.                                                 (3b)   1,873,000             (L)                —                —              0.10%
BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited                                (3b)           —             —          5,072,808                (L)            0.28%
                                                                                   3,804,482             (L)                —                —              0.21%
BlackRock Fund Managers Limited                                             (3b)   5,072,808             (L)                —                —              0.28%
BlackRock Life Limited                                                      (3b)     610,894             (L)                —                —              0.03%
BlackRock (Singapore) Limited                                               (3b)     598,941             (L)                —                —              0.03%
BlackRock UK Holdco Limited                                                 (3b)           —             —             63,000                (L)            0.00%
BlackRock Asset Management Schweiz AG                                       (3b)      63,000             (L)                —                —              0.00%
EG Holdings Blocker, LLC                                                    (3b)           —             —          1,356,306                (L)            0.07%
Amethyst Intermediate, LLC                                                  (3b)           —             —          1,356,306                (L)            0.07%
Aperio Holdings, LLC                                                        (3b)           —             —          1,356,306                (L)            0.07%
                                                                                           —             —          1,356,306                (L)            0.07%
Aperio Group, LLC                                                           (3b)   1,356,306             (L)                —                —              0.07%
Web Holdings, LLC                                                           (3b)           —             —                 400               (L)            0.00%
SpiderRock Advisors, LLC                                                    (3b)         400             (L)                —                —              0.00%



Remarks:                                                                                     West Bay IV Limited, BlackRock Group Limited, BlackRock Finance
(3a) BlackRock, Inc. is listed on New York Stock Exchange. The capacity                      Europe Limited, BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V., BlackRock Advisors
     of BlackRock, Inc. in holding the 92,602,298 shares of long position                    (UK) Limited, BlackRock International Limited, BlackRock France SAS,
     and 980,000 shares of short position respectively was as controlled                     BlackRock Group Limited-Luxembourg Branch, BlackRock Luxembourg
     corporation.                                                                            Holdco S.à r.l., BlackRock Investment Management Ireland Holdings
                                                                                             Unlimited Company, BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited,
(3b) BlackRock Finance, Inc., Trident Merger, LLC, BlackRock Investment
                                                                                             BLACKROCK (Luxembourg) S.A., BlackRock Investment Management
     Management, LLC, BlackRock Holdco 2, Inc., BlackRock Financial
                                                                                             (UK) Limited, BlackRock Fund Managers Limited, BlackRock Life
     Management, Inc., BlackRock Holdco 4, LLC, BlackRock Holdco 6,
                                                                                             Limited, BlackRock (Singapore) Limited, BlackRock UK Holdco Limited,
     LLC, BlackRock Delaware Holdings Inc., BlackRock Institutional Trust
                                                                                             BlackRock Asset Management Schweiz AG, EG Holdings Blocker, LLC,
     Company, National Association, BlackRock Fund Advisors, BlackRock
                                                                                             Amethyst Intermediate, LLC, Aperio Holdings, LLC, Aperio Group, LLC,
     Capital Holdings, Inc., BlackRock Advisors, LLC, BlackRock International
                                                                                             Web Holdings, LLC and SpiderRock Advisors, LLC were all directly
     Holdings, Inc., BR Jersey International Holdings L.P., BlackRock Lux
                                                                                             or indirectly owned by BlackRock, Inc. and by virtue of the SFO,
     Finco S.à r.l., BlackRock Japan Holdings GK, BlackRock Japan Co., Ltd.,
                                                                                             BlackRock, Inc. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by these
     BlackRock Holdco 3, LLC, BlackRock Canada Holdings ULC, BlackRock
                                                                                             subsidiaries.
     Asset Management Canada Limited, BlackRock Australia Holdco
     Pty. Ltd., BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited,               Save as disclosed above, no other person was interested in or had
     BlackRock (Singapore) Holdco Pte. Ltd., BlackRock HK Holdco Limited,
                                                                                   a short position in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of
     BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited, BlackRock Cayman
     1 LP, BlackRock Cayman West Bay Finco Limited, BlackRock Cayman               the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
                                                                                   Divisions 2 and 3 of the Part XV of the SFO as at December 31, 2025.




                                                                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025          95
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Connected Transactions
On April 16, 2025, 800,000 shares in the Company have been
granted as awarded shares under the 2018 Share Award Scheme of
the Company to Chief Executive Officer, Mr Steven Philip Richman,
who is a connected person of the Company as defined under the
Listing Rules and therefore constituted a connected transaction of
the Company when aggregated with the grant of awards of 800,000
shares to him on August 19, 2024. The awarded shares are to be
vested on the 1st anniversary, 2nd anniversary and 3rd anniversary of
the date of grant respectively, subject to performance targets. Details
of such grant and the vesting terms are set out in the “Share Award
Scheme” section and the Company’s announcement dated
April 16, 2025.

The above grant serve as a recognition and reward of Mr Richman’s
contributions made to the Company’s continuing operation and
development. No consideration is required for such grants and upon
acceptance of the awarded shares, and no payment is required.
The Company has complied with the relevant requirements under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for the above grants of awarded
shares to connected persons of the Company.

Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”)
The Company has adopted the latest ESG reporting guidelines issued
by the Stock Exchange. The ESG Report together with this annual
report will be published on the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com)
and the Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk) in due
course in compliance with the ESG reporting guidelines as set out in
Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.

Sufficiency of Public Float
The Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the
year ended December 31, 2025.

Donations
During the year, the Group made charitable and other donations
totalling US$1,940,000.

Auditor
A resolution will be submitted to the Annual General Meeting to
re-appoint Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of
the Company. There is no change of auditor of the Company in
preceding three years.




Horst Julius Pudwill
Executive Chairman

Hong Kong
March 3, 2026




96    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


TO THE MEMBERS OF TECHTRONIC INDUSTRIES COMPANY LIMITED
創科實業有限公司
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Techtronic Industries Company Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 100 to 178, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at
December 31, 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes
in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including
material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at
December 31, 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly
prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our
report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as
applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025       97
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole,
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


Key Audit Matter                                                             How our Audit Addressed the Key Audit Matter
RECOGNITION OF INCOME TAXES
We identified the recognition of income tax as a key audit matter            Our procedures in relation to management’s assessment about the
as the Group operates in a complex multinational tax environment,            recognition of income tax included:
in which the tax amounts, including provisions for potential tax
                                                                             •   Understanding and evaluating the management’s procedures
exposures are associated with a high degree of estimation and
                                                                                 and relevant controls regarding the estimation of income to be
judgement.
                                                                                 recognized;
As disclosed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, as
                                                                             •   Understanding and evaluating management’s judgements
at December 31, 2025, the Group has recognized US$104.2 million
                                                                                 and assumptions pertaining to uncertain tax matters, we
of income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit or
                                                                                 considered the status of the relevant tax authority inquiries,
loss.
                                                                                 judgmental positions taken in the tax returns, the outcome of
                                                                                 previous inquiries by tax authorities and developments in the tax
                                                                                 environment; and

                                                                             •   Evaluating and challenging the adequacy of management’s key
                                                                                 assumptions with the assistance of our tax specialists and read
                                                                                 the latest correspondence with the tax authorities to assess
                                                                                 management’s estimates.

Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual
report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of
this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial
Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal
control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




98    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance
with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit
conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and
    perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
    opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
    involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
    circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by
    the directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained,
    whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as
    a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
    disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based
    on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to
    continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the
    consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
    business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
    supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence,
and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh
the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Mr. Keung, To Wai, David (practicing certificated number:
P04578).




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong
March 3, 2026

                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025       99
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the year ended December 31, 2025

                                                                                                            2025          2024
                                                                                                Notes     US$’000       US$’000

Revenue                                                                                          6      15,259,533    14,621,616
Cost of sales                                                                                           (8,967,596)   (8,726,060)
Gross profit                                                                                             6,291,937     5,895,556
Other income                                                                                     7          11,049        16,416
Interest income                                                                                  8          63,032        72,295
Selling, distribution and advertising expenses                                                          (2,718,771)   (2,503,697)
Administrative expenses                                                                                 (1,491,139)   (1,489,877)
Research and development costs                                                                            (756,983)     (648,103)
Finance costs                                                                                    9         (96,633)     (126,165)
Profit before share of result of an associate and taxation                                               1,302,492     1,216,425
  Share of result of an associate                                                                              (10)          (31)
Profit before taxation                                                                                   1,302,482     1,216,394
Taxation charge                                                                                  10       (104,188)      (94,714)
Profit for the year attributable to Owners of the Company                                        11      1,198,294     1,121,680
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, net of related income tax:
   Remeasurement of defined benefit obligations                                                              1,513          (861)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, net of related income tax:
   Fair value (loss) income on foreign currency forward contracts and cross-currency
     interest rate swaps in hedge accounting                                                              (143,318)       97,960
   Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                               160,548      (101,896)
Other comprehensive income (loss) for the year                                                              18,743        (4,797)
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to Owners of the Company                            1,217,037     1,116,883
Earnings per share (US cents)                                                                    15
  Basic                                                                                                      65.61         61.43
  Diluted                                                                                                    65.41         61.08




100    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at December 31, 2025




                                                                            2025                2024
                                                          Notes           US$’000             US$’000

Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                            16           2,244,108           2,248,541
  Right of use assets                                      17             739,047             797,097
  Goodwill                                                 18             606,699             602,899
  Intangible assets                                        19           1,247,924           1,369,494
  Interest in an associate                                 21               2,015               2,025
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    22               8,790               8,769
  Deposits                                                                 69,000              90,500
  Finance lease receivables                                23                  —                3,685
  Derivative financial instruments                         29               8,800               8,785
  Deferred tax assets                                      42              82,521              59,330
                                                                        5,008,904           5,191,125
Current assets
  Inventories                                              24           4,451,941           4,076,210
  Right to returned goods asset                            25              12,209              14,208
  Trade and other receivables                              26           2,005,331           1,993,138
  Deposits and prepayments                                                193,542             199,440
  Bills receivable                                         27              11,009              11,770
  Finance lease receivables                                23               3,721               7,566
  Tax recoverable                                                          13,510               3,950
  Trade receivables from an associate                      28              11,071               6,031
  Derivative financial instruments                         29               8,287             132,133
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    22              31,750              22,571
  Bank balances, deposits and cash                         30           1,677,729           1,232,347
                                                                        8,420,100           7,699,364
Current liabilities
  Trade and other payables                                 31           4,019,452           3,849,627
  Bills payable                                            32              13,201              21,420
  Warranty provision                                       33             287,327             252,752
  Tax payable                                                             133,039              90,830
  Derivative financial instruments                         29              52,973              17,119
  Lease liabilities                                        34             155,024             150,844
  Discounted bills with recourse                           35               2,589               3,238
  Unsecured borrowings – due within one year               38             345,063             509,850
  Refund liabilities from right of return                  25              25,153              23,354
                                                                        5,033,821           4,919,034
Net current assets                                                      3,386,279           2,780,330
Total assets less current liabilities                                   8,395,183           7,971,455




                                                          Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   101
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION As at December 31, 2025




                                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                             Notes            US$’000            US$’000

Capital and Reserves
  Share capital                                                                                39             691,887             689,684
  Reserves                                                                                                  6,266,567           5,673,913
Equity attributable to Owners of the Company and total equity                                               6,958,454           6,363,597
Non-current Liabilities
  Lease liabilities                                                                            34             626,586             682,603
  Unsecured borrowings – due after one year                                                    38             629,671             763,650
  Retirement benefit obligations                                                               41              45,713              43,570
  Other payables                                                                               31             103,732              87,997
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     42              31,027              30,038
                                                                                                            1,436,729           1,607,858
Total equity and non-current liabilities                                                                    8,395,183           7,971,455

The consolidated financial statements on pages 100 to 178 were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on March 3, 2026
and are signed on its behalf by:




                             Chi Chung Chan                                                  Stephan Horst Pudwill
                        Group Executive Director                                             Executive Vice Chairman




102    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended December 31, 2025




                                                                              Shares                      Employee Defined benefit
                                                                             held for                   share-based    obligations
                                                                Share    share award    Translation   compensation remeasurement      Hedging      Retained
                                                               capital       scheme        reserve           reserve       reserve     reserve       profits       Total
                                                              US$’000       US$’000       US$’000          US$’000       US$’000      US$’000      US$’000      US$’000

At January 1, 2024                                            685,392        (73,931)    (250,479)          80,112          7,557          (20)   5,298,919    5,747,550
Profit for the year                                                —              —            —                —              —            —     1,121,680    1,121,680
Remeasurement of defined benefit obligations                       —              —            —                —             446           —            —           446
Fair value income on foreign currency forward contracts and
  cross-currency interest rate swaps in hedge accounting           —              —             —               —               —     107,060            —      107,060
Deferred tax liability on remeasurement of defined benefit
  obligations                                                      —              —             —               —           (1,307)         —            —        (1,307)
Deferred tax liability on hedging reserve                          —              —             —               —               —       (9,100)          —        (9,100)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations          —              —       (101,896)             —               —           —            —      (101,896)
Other comprehensive (loss) income for the year                     —              —      (101,896)              —            (861)     97,960            —          (4,797)
Total comprehensive (loss) income for the year                     —              —      (101,896)              —            (861)     97,960     1,121,680    1,116,883
Shares issued on exercise of options                            4,292             —             —             (867)             —           —            —         3,425
Buy-back and cancellation of shares                                —              —             —               —               —           —       (37,521)     (37,521)
Vesting of awarded shares                                          —           7,973            —           (7,973)             —           —            —            —
Shares for share award scheme                                      —         (39,448)           —               —               —           —            —       (39,448)
Recognition of share-based payments                                —              —             —           58,811              —           —            —        58,811
Lapse of share options                                             —              —             —             (149)             —           —           149           —
Final dividend – 2023                                              —              —             —               —               —           —      (231,392)    (231,392)
Interim dividend – 2024                                            —              —             —               —               —           —      (254,711)    (254,711)
At December 31, 2024                                          689,684      (105,406)     (352,375)         129,934          6,696      97,940     5,897,124    6,363,597

Profit for the year                                                —              —             —               —              —            —     1,198,294    1,198,294
Remeasurement of defined benefit obligations                       —              —             —               —           1,619           —            —         1,619
Fair value loss on foreign currency forward contracts and
  cross-currency interest rate swaps in hedge accounting           —              —             —               —               —     (151,692)          —      (151,692)
Deferred tax liability on remeasurement of defined benefit
  obligations                                                      —              —            —                —            (106)          —            —         (106)
Deferred tax asset on hedging reserve                              —              —            —                —              —         8,374           —        8,374
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations          —              —       160,548               —              —            —            —      160,548
Other comprehensive income (loss) for the year                     —              —       160,548               —           1,513     (143,318)          —       18,743
Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                     —              —       160,548               —           1,513     (143,318)   1,198,294    1,217,037
Shares issued on exercise of options                            2,203             —             —             (435)             —           —            —         1,768
Buy-back and cancellation of shares                                —              —             —               —               —           —       (41,728)     (41,728)
Vesting of awarded shares                                          —          77,189            —          (77,189)             —           —            —            —
Shares for share award scheme                                      —         (48,879)           —               —               —           —            —       (48,879)
Recognition of share-based payments                                —              —             —           39,310              —           —            —        39,310
Final dividend – 2024                                              —              —             —               —               —           —      (278,154)    (278,154)
Interim dividend – 2025                                            —              —             —               —               —           —      (294,497)    (294,497)
At December 31, 2025                                          691,887        (77,096)    (191,827)          91,620          8,209      (45,378)   6,481,039    6,958,454




                                                                                                                         Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025      103
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the year ended December 31, 2025




                                                                                     2025         2024
                                                                                   US$’000      US$’000

Operating Activities
Profit before taxation                                                            1,302,482    1,216,394
Adjustments for:
  Amortization/write-off of intangible assets                                      422,597      323,801
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                    278,888      281,198
  Depreciation of right of use assets                                              167,921      174,517
  Fair value loss (gain) on foreign currency forward contracts                       7,966      (10,217)
  Fair value gain on acquisition right of certain property, plant and equipment        (15)        (701)
  Impairment loss of property, plant and equipment                                   1,409       13,342
  Fair value (gain) loss on listed equity securities                                (4,655)       5,947
  Finance costs                                                                     96,633      126,165
  Gain on disposal of listed equity securities                                        (137)          —
  Gain on early termination of leases                                                 (111)         (95)
  Loss on sub-lease modification                                                        —         1,331
  Impairment loss on right of use assets                                             1,574           —
  Impairment loss on trade receivables under expected credit loss model             23,510       31,828
  Interest income                                                                  (63,032)     (72,295)
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                 18,496       17,541
  Share-based payments expense                                                      39,310       58,811
  Share of result of an associate                                                       10           31
  Write down of inventories                                                         78,919       41,376
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                          2,371,765    2,208,974
Increase in inventories                                                            (387,780)     (68,437)
Decrease (increase) in trade and other receivables, deposits and prepayments         20,915     (231,683)
Decrease (increase) in right to returned goods asset                                  1,999       (5,474)
Decrease (increase) in bills receivable                                                 761       (3,347)
(Increase) decrease in trade receivables from an associate                           (5,040)         896
Increase in trade and other payables                                                181,044      562,813
Increase in refund liabilities from right of return                                   1,799        7,139
(Decrease) increase in bills payable                                                 (8,219)       2,996
Increase in warranty provision                                                       22,756       22,177
Increase (decrease) in retirement benefit obligations                                 3,762       (3,809)
Net payment for purchase of shares for share award scheme                           (48,879)     (39,448)
Cash generated from operations                                                    2,154,883    2,452,797
Interest paid                                                                       (96,633)    (126,165)
Hong Kong Profits Tax paid                                                           (1,043)      (1,992)
Overseas tax paid                                                                   (79,253)     (58,902)
Hong Kong Profits Tax refunded                                                          176           11
Overseas tax refunded                                                                 1,051        1,897
Net Cash from Operating Activities                                                1,979,181    2,267,646




104   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS For the year ended December 31, 2025




                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                    Note            US$’000             US$’000

Investing Activities
Additions to intangible assets                                                                      (300,904)           (394,905)
Interest received                                                                                     63,032              72,295
Payment for early termination of leases                                                                 (577)               (592)
Proceeds from disposal of listed equity securities                                                       246                  —
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                5,798               9,493
Purchase of club membership debentures                                                                   (32)                (53)
Purchase of listed equity securities                                                                  (4,633)             (2,404)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                           (288,961)           (291,503)
Repayment in finance lease receivables                                                                 7,530               1,432
Net Cash used in Investing Activities                                                               (518,501)           (606,237)
Financing Activities
(Decrease) increase in discounted bills with recourse                                                   (649)                530
Dividends paid                                                                        14            (572,651)           (486,103)
New unsecured borrowings obtained                                                                  4,674,289           4,451,895
Proceeds from issue of shares                                                                          1,768               3,425
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                      (161,822)           (164,020)
Repayment of unsecured borrowings                                                                 (4,980,524)         (5,100,986)
Payment for buy-back of shares                                                                       (41,728)            (37,521)
Net Cash used in Financing Activities                                                             (1,081,317)         (1,332,780)
Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                            379,363            328,629
Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of the Year                                                 1,232,347            953,240
Effect of Foreign Exchange Rate Changes                                                               66,019            (49,522)
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of the Year                                                       1,677,729          1,232,347
Analysis of the Balances of Cash and Cash Equivalents
Represented by:
  Bank balances, deposits and cash                                                                 1,677,729          1,232,347
                                                                                                   1,677,729          1,232,347




                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended December 31, 2025




1.    General Information
      Techtronic Industries Company Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in Hong Kong and its shares are listed
      on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The address of the registered office and principal place of business
      of the Company is 29/F, Tower 2, Kowloon Commerce Centre, 51 Kwai Cheong Road, Kwai Chung, New Territories, Hong Kong.

      The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are the manufacturing and trading of electrical and electronic
      products.

      The consolidated financial statements are presented in United States dollars (“US$”), which is also the functional currency of the
      Company.

2.    Application of New and Amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards and Changes in Other
      Accounting Policies
      Amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective for the current year
      In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard as issued by the Hong Kong
      Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period
      beginning on January 1, 2025 for the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements:

      Amendments to HKAS 21                                                               Lack of Exchangeability

      The application of the amendments to a HKFRS Accounting Standard in the current year has had no material impact on the Group’s
      financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial
      statements.

      New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
      The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued but are not
      yet effective:

      Amendments to HKAS 21                                                               Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3
      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                                                   Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                                           Financial Instruments2
      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                                                   Contracts Referencing Nature Dependent Electricity2
      Amendment to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                                                   Sales or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                                            its Associate or Joint Venture1
      Amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards                                            Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards
                                                                                            – Volume 112
      HKFRS 18                                                                            Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3
      1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
      2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026.
      3
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027.


      Except for the new HKFRS Accounting Standard mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all
      other new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the
      foreseeable future.




106   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




2.   Application of New and Amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards and Changes in Other
     Accounting Policies (continued)
     HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
     HKFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (“HKFRS 18”), which sets out requirements on presentation and
     disclosures in financial statements, will replace HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements (“HKAS 1”). This new HKFRS Accounting
     Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in HKAS 1, introduces new requirements to present specified categories and
     defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provides disclosures on management-defined performance measures (“MPMs”) in the
     notes to the financial statements and improves aggregation and disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements.
     In addition, some HKAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors
     (the title of which will be changed to Basis of Preparer of Financial statements upon effective of HKFRS 18) and HKFRS 7 Financial
     Instruments: Disclosures. Minor amendments to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and HKAS 33 Earnings per Share were also made.

     HKFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for the annual period beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with
     early application permitted. HKFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific transition provisions. The application of the new
     standard is not expected to have a significant impact on the financial performance and positions of the Group in terms of recognition and
     measurement. However, it is expected to affect the structure and presentation of the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Additional
     disclosures required for the Group’s MPMs will be disclosed in a separate note to the consolidated financial statements.

3.   Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
     Information
     Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA.
     For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is
     reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable
     disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance (“CO”).

     The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the
     Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. Thus they continue to adopt the going
     concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments, which are
     measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods.

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
     participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation
     technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability
     if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair
     value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for
     share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted
     for in accordance with HKFRS 16 Leases (“HKFRS 16”) and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value,
     such as net realizable value in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.




                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025    107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.    Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
      Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information
      BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the Company and
      its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

      •     has the power over the investee;

      •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

      •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

      The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of
      the three elements of control listed above.

      Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the
      subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to
      control the subsidiary.

      When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the
      Group’s accounting policies.

      All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are
      eliminated in full on consolidation.

      BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

      Business Combinations
      A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly
      contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue
      producing outputs, including an organized workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related processes
      or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced
      without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.

      Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is
      measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities
      incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the
      acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

      The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Conceptual Framework
      for Financial Reporting (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for transactions and events within the scope of HKAS 37 Provisions,
      Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets (“HKAS 37”) or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 Levies (“HK(IFRIC)-Int 21”), in which the Group applies
      HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination.
      Contingent assets are not recognized.

      At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognized at their fair value, except that:

      •     deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognized and measured in
            accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes (“HKAS 12”) and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits (“HKAS 19”) respectively;

      •     lease liabilities are recognized and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as defined in HKFRS 16) as if
            the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of
            the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right of use assets (“ROU assets”) are recognized and measured at
            the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared
            with market terms.




108   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
     Information (continued)
     Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)

     Business Combinations (continued)
     Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the
     acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date
     amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.

     Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s
     net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the
     recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.

     Goodwill
     Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the business (see the
     accounting policy above) less any accumulated impairment losses, if any.

     For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGUs”) that is expected
     to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
     management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

     A CGU to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit
     may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in an annual period, the CGU to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
     impairment before the end of that annual period.

     If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of
     any goodwill and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Any
     impairment loss for goodwill is recognized directly in profit or loss in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
     income. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.

     INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE
     An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial
     and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

     The result and assets and liabilities of an associate are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements using the equity method of
     accounting. The financial statements of an associate used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies
     as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, investment in an associate is
     initially recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the
     profit or loss and other comprehensive income of an associate. Changes in net assets of an associate other than profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group.

     When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group (such as a sale or contribution of assets), profits and losses resulting from
     the transactions with the associate are recognized in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the
     associate that are not related to the Group.




                                                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025       109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.    Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
      Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      INTANGIBLE ASSETS

      Intangible Assets Acquired Separately
      Intangible assets acquired separately and with finite useful lives are carried at cost less accumulated amortization and any accumulated
      impairment losses. Amortization of intangible assets with finite useful lives is provided on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
      lives. The estimated useful life and amortization method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
      estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried
      at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

      Intangible Assets Acquired in a Business Combination
      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized separately from goodwill and are initially recognized at their fair value
      at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

      Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful lives are reported at cost less
      accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.
      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
      impairment losses.

      Internally-Generated Intangible Assets – Research and Development Expenditure
      Expenditure on research activities is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

      An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an internal project) is
      recognized only if all of the following have been demonstrated:

      •     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

      •     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

      •     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

      •     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

      •     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the intangible
            asset; and

      •     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

      The amount initially recognized for an internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred from the date when
      the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognized,
      development expenditure is recognized in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

      Subsequent to initial recognition, an internally-generated intangible asset is reported at cost less accumulated amortization and
      accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets acquired separately.

      An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or disposal. Gains or losses
      arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured at the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying
      amount of the asset and are recognized in profit or loss in the period when the asset is derecognized.

      LEASES

      Definition of a Lease
      The Group assess whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception of the contract. Such
      contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

      As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when the Group reasonably expects that the
      effects on the consolidated financial statements would not differ materially from individual leases within the portfolio.




110   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
     Information (continued)
     Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     LEASES (continued)

     The Group as a Lessee

     Short-term Leases and Leases of Low-value Assets
     The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
     commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets.
     Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis or unless another
     systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the leased assets are consumed.

     ROU Assets
     The cost of ROU assets includes:

     •     the amounts of the initial measurement of the lease liabilities;

     •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

     •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

     •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is
           located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

     ROU assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of
     lease liabilities.

     ROU assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

     The Group presents ROU assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

     Refundable Rental Deposits
     Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“HKFRS 9”) and initially measured at fair value.
     Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of ROU assets.

     Lease Liabilities
     At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the present value of lease payments that
     are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease
     commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. The incremental borrowing rate depends on
     the lease term, currency and start date of the lease and is determined based on the risk-free rate based on government bond yield that
     matches with the group’s debt maturity profile, and with adjustments according to the spread of the group’s credit rating or implied rating,
     that is the rate of interest that a lessee would have to pay to borrow as according to the Group’s cost of debt.

     The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable.

     After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

     The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.    Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
      Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      LEASES (continued)

      The Group as a Lessee (continued)

      Lease Modifications
      The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

      •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and

      •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the standalone price for the increase in scope and any
            appropriate adjustments to that standalone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

      For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based on the lease term of
      the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

      The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant ROU asset.

      The Group as a Lessor

      Classification and measurement of leases
      Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially
      all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other
      leases are classified as operating leases.

      Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognized as receivables at commencement date at amounts equal to net
      investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective leases. Initial direct costs are included in the initial
      measurement of the net investments in the leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic
      rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.

      Sublease
      When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate contracts. The sublease is
      classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the ROU asset arising from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying
      asset.

      The Group uses the discount rate used for the head lease (adjusted for any initial direct costs associated with the sublease) to measure
      the net investment in the sublease if the interest rate implicit in the sublease cannot be readily determined.

      PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT (“PP&E”)
      PP&E are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes, other than
      freehold land and construction in progress as described below. PP&E are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost
      less subsequent accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

      Freehold land is not depreciated and are measured at cost less subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

      Depreciation is recognized so as to write-off the cost of items of PP&E, other than freehold land and construction in progress, over their
      estimated useful lives and after taking into account of their estimated residual values, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful
      lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate
      accounted for on a prospective basis.

      PP&E in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purpose is carried at cost, less any recognized impairment
      loss. Cost includes any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of
      operating in the manner intended by management and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized in accordance with the Group’s
      accounting policy. Construction in progress is classified to the appropriate category of PP&E when completed and ready for its intended
      use. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other PP&E, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.




112   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
     Information (continued)
     Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT (“PP&E”) (continued)
     When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land and building elements, the
     entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial
     recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold is presented as “ROU assets”
     in the consolidated statement of financial position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building
     element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as PP&E.

     An item of PP&E is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of
     the asset. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
     carrying amount of the item) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the item is derecognized.

     IMPAIRMENT ON PP&E, ROU ASSETS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS OTHER THAN GOODWILL
     At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its PP&E, ROU assets and intangible assets with finite useful
     lives to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
     recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. Intangible assets
     with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
     The recoverable amount of PP&E, ROU assets and intangible assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the
     recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.

     In testing a CGU for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant CGU when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation
     can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the
     carrying amount of the relevant CGU.

     Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows
     are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
     and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a
     CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
     amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the
     unit. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use
     (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro-rata
     to the other assets of the unit. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU) is increased to the revised estimate of its
     recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined
     had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset (or CGU) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately
     in profit or loss.




                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025      113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.    Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
      Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position when a group entity becomes
      a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognized and
      derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of
      assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from contracts with
      customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“HKFRS 15”).
      Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets (other than financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
      Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets at FVTPL are recognized immediately in profit or loss.

      The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a financial asset or financial liability and of allocating
      interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated
      future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest
      rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where
      appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

      Financial Assets

      Classification and Subsequent Measurement of Financial Assets
      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortized cost:

      •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

      •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal
            amount outstanding.

      All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except for derivatives designated as cash flow hedge relationship.

      Amortized Cost and Interest Income
      Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortized cost. Interest
      income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that
      have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest
      income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the amortized cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If
      the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income
      is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting
      period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

      Financial Assets at FVTPL
      Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses recognized in
      profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognized in profit or loss includes any dividend or interest earned on the financial assets.

      Impairment of Financial Assets Subject to Impairment Assessment under HKFRS 9
      The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including trade and other
      receivables, bills receivable, trade receivables from an associate, finance lease receivables, bank balances and deposits) which are
      subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk
      since initial recognition.

      Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. In
      contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible
      within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for
      factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting
      date as well as the forecast of future conditions.


114   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
     Information (continued)
     Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

     Financial Assets (continued)

     Classification and Subsequent Measurement of Financial Assets (continued)

     Impairment of Financial Assets Subject to Impairment Assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)
     The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for trade receivables.

     For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a significant increase in
     credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognizes lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be
     recognized is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

     (i)    Significant Increase in Credit Risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default
            occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at
            the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
            reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or
            effort.

            In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly:

            •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal credit rating;

            •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit
                  default swap prices for the debtor;

            •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant
                  decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

            •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; or

            •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the debtor that
                  results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

            Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly since
            initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
            information that demonstrates otherwise.

            Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased significantly since initial
            recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined
            to have low credit risk if (i) it has a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
            obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not
            necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument
            to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of “investment grade” as per globally understood definitions.

            The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit
            risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the
            amount becomes past due.

     (ii)   Definition of Default
            For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally or
            obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking
            into account any collaterals held by the Group).

            Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due
            unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more
            appropriate.


                                                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025       115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.    Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
      Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      Financial Assets (continued)

      Classification and Subsequent Measurement of Financial Assets (continued)

      Impairment of Financial Assets Subject to Impairment Assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)

      (iii)   Credit-impaired Financial Assets
              A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash
              flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the
              following events:

              (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

              (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

              (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having
                    granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or

              (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization.

      (iv)    Write-off Policy
              The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and
              there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered
              into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery
              procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent
              recoveries are recognized in profit or loss.

      (v)     Measurement and Recognition of ECL
              The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a
              default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data
              and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with
              the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

              Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract
              and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

              Lifetime ECL for trade receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into consideration past due information and relevant
              credit information such as forward-looking macroeconomic information.

              For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when formulating the grouping:

              •     Past-due status;

              •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

              •     External credit ratings where available.

              The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar credit risk
              characteristics.

              Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired,
              in which case interest income is calculated based on amortized cost of the financial asset.

              The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount,
              with the exception of trade receivables where the corresponding adjustment is recognized through a loss allowance account.




116   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
     Information (continued)
     Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

     Financial Assets (continued)

     Foreign exchange gains and losses
     The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency and translated
     at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period.

     Specifically:

     •      For financial assets measured at amortized cost that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange differences are
            recognized in profit or loss; and

     •      For financial assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange differences are recognized
            in profit or loss.

     Financial Liabilities and Equity
     Debt and equity instruments are classified either as financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual
     arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

     Equity Instrument
     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity
     instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

     Buy-back of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognized and deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is recognized in profit or
     loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments.

     Financial Liabilities at Amortized Cost
     Financial liabilities (including unsecured borrowings, trade and other payables, bills payable and discounted bills with recourse) are
     subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest method.

     Financial Liabilities at FVTPL
     Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business
     combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is designated as at FVTPL.

     A financial liability is held for trading if:

     •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

     •      on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and has a recent
            actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

     •      it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a designated and effective hedging instrument.




                                                                                                       Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.    Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
      Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      Financial Liabilities and Equity (continued)

      Financial Liabilities at FVTPL (continued)
      A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business combination may
      be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

      •     such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise; or

      •     the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed and its performance
            is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and
            information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis; or

      •     it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and HKFRS 9 permits the entire combined contract to be
            designated as at FVTPL.

      For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the financial liability that is attributable to
      changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognized in other comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in
      the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. Changes in fair
      value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognized in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified
      to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to retained profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.

      Foreign exchange gains and losses
      For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortized cost at the end of each reporting period,
      the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortized cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains
      and losses are recognized in profit or loss for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship. For those which
      are designated as a hedging instrument for a hedge of foreign currency risk, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in other
      comprehensive income and accumulated in a separate component of equity.

      The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency and translated at the spot
      rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that are measured as at FVTPL, the foreign exchange component forms
      part of the fair value gains or losses and is recognized in profit or loss for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging
      relationship.

      Derivative Financial Instruments
      Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value at the date when a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured to
      their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss immediately unless the derivative
      is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of
      the hedge relationship.

      A derivative is presented as a non-current asset or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument is more than 12
      months and it is not due to be realized or settled within 12 months. Other derivatives are presented as current assets or current liabilities.

      Hedge Accounting
      The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedges.

      At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item,
      along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of
      the hedge and on an ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument that is used in a hedging relationship is highly
      effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.




118   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
     Information (continued)
     Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

     Financial Liabilities and Equity (continued)

     Assessment of Hedging Relationship and Effectiveness
     For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting changes in cash flows
     of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness
     requirements:

     •   there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;

     •   the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship; and

     •   the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that the Group actually
         hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

     If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the risk management
     objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e.
     rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.

     Cash Flow Hedges
     The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognized in other
     comprehensive income and accumulated in the hedging reserve, limited to the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item from
     inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

     Amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity (hedging reserve) are reclassified to profit or
     loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same line of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income as the recognized hedged item. Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or all of the loss accumulated in the
     cash flow hedging reserve will not be recovered in the future, that amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.

     Discontinuation of Hedge Accounting
     The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a part thereof) ceases to meet the
     qualifying criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes instances when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or
     exercised. Discontinuing hedge accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which case hedge
     accounting continues for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

     For cash flow hedge, any gain or loss recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity at that time remains in
     equity and is recognized when the forecast transactions is ultimately recognized in profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer
     expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is recognized immediately in profit or loss.




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.    Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
      Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      Derecognition of Financial Assets and Liabilities
      The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers
      the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers
      nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes
      its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group neither transfers nor retains
      substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and has not retained control of the transferred asset, the Group derecognizes the
      financial asset and recognizes separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. If the Group
      retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognize the financial
      asset and also recognizes a collateralized borrowing for the proceeds received.

      On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortized cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the
      consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or loss.

      The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The
      difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in
      profit or loss.

      PROVISIONS
      Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that
      the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are
      measured at the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into
      account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
      present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

      Provisions for the expected cost of assurance-type warranty obligations under the relevant contracts with customers for sales of goods
      are recognized at the date of sale of the relevant products, at the directors’ best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Group’s
      obligation.

      INVENTORIES
      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost of inventories are determined on a using the first-in, first-out
      method. Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs
      necessary to make the sales. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and
      non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

      REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
      The Group recognizes revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services underlying
      the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

      A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or
      services that are substantially the same.

      Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognized over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the
      relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

      •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs;

      •     the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

      •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to
            payment for performance completed to date.

      Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.




120   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
     Information (continued)
     Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     OVER TIME REVENUE RECOGNITION (COMMISSION AND ROYALTY INCOME): MEASUREMENT OF PROGRESS TOWARDS
     COMPLETE SATISFACTION OF A PERFORMANCE OBLIGATION
     The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognize
     revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the
     remaining goods or services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or
     services.

     As a practical expedient, if the Group has a right to consideration in an amount that corresponds directly with the value of the Group’s
     performance completed to date (i.e. royalty income), the Group recognizes revenue in the amount to which the Group has the right to
     invoice.

     REFUND LIABILITIES
     The Group recognizes a refund liability if the Group expects to refund some or all of the consideration received from customers.

     SALE WITH A RIGHT OF RETURN/EXCHANGE
     For a sale of products with a right of return/exchange for dissimilar products, the Group recognizes all of the following:

     (a)   revenue for the transferred products in the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled (therefore, revenue
           would not be recognized for the products expected to be returned/exchanged);

     (b)   a refund liability; and

     (c)   an asset (and corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) for its right to recover products from customers and are presented as right
           to returned goods asset.

     TAXATION
     Income tax expense represents the sum of the current and deferred income tax expense.

     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before taxation as reported in the
     consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in
     other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been
     enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

     Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial
     statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for
     all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that
     it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets
     and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from initial recognition of goodwill or from the initial recognition (other
     than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting
     profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. In addition, deferred tax
     liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

     Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and an associate,
     except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not
     reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and
     interests are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits
     of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

     The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
     probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.




                                                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025      121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.    Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
      Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      TAXATION (continued)
      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or
      the asset is realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

      The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the
      Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognizes the ROU assets and the related lease
      liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the ROU assets or the lease liabilities.

      For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies HKAS 12 requirements to
      the leasing transaction as a whole. Temporary differences relating to ROU assets and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis. Excess
      of depreciation on ROU assets over the lease payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities resulting in net deductible temporary
      differences.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
      liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

      Current and deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss, except when it relates to items that are recognized in other comprehensive income
      or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity
      respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in
      the accounting for the business combination.

      In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable that the relevant tax authority will
      accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be used, by individual group entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable,
      the current and deferred taxes are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income tax filings. If it is not probable that the
      relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is reflected by using either the most likely
      amount or the expected value.

      FOREIGN CURRENCIES
      In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the functional currency of that
      entity (foreign currencies) are recognized at the rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting
      period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the exchange rates at that date. Non-monetary items that
      are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

      Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are recognized in profit or
      loss in the period in which they arise.

      For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations are
      translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. US$) at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period, and
      their income and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates for the year. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognized
      in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve.

      Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign operation on or after January 1,
      2005 are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and retranslated at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of the
      reporting date. Exchange differences arising are recognized in the other comprehensive income.

      Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on acquisitions of foreign operations before January 1, 2005
      are treated as non-monetary foreign currency items of the acquirer and reported using the historical exchange rate prevailing at the date
      of the acquisition.




122   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.   Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
     Information (continued)
     Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
     BORROWING COSTS
     All borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

     EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
     Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of the equity
     instruments at the grant date.

     The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into consideration all non-market
     vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments
     that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (employee share-based compensation reserve). At the end of each
     reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant
     non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognized in profit or loss such that the
     cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the employee share-based compensation reserve.

     When the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognized in employee share-based compensation reserve would be
     transferred to share capital. When the share options are forfeited or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously
     recognized in the employee share-based compensation reserve would be transferred to retained profits.

     When the trustee purchases the Company’s shares from the open market, the consideration paid, including any directly attributable
     incremental costs, is presented as shares held for share award scheme and deducted from total equity. No gain or loss is recognized on
     the transactions of the Company’s own shares.

     When the trustee transfers the Company’s shares to grantees upon vesting, the related costs of the granted shares vested are reversed
     from shares held under the share award scheme. Accordingly, the related expense of the granted shares vested is reversed from the
     employee share-based compensation reserve. The difference arising from this transfer is debited/credited to retained profits. At the end of
     the reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of shares that are expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision
     of the estimate, if any, is recognized in profit or loss with a corresponding adjustment to the employee share-based compensation reserve.

     RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES
     Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit schemes and the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF Scheme”) are charged
     as expenses when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

     The Group accounts for the employer’s MPF contributions expected to be offset as a deemed employee contribution towards the Long
     Service Payment (“LSP”) obligation. The Group applies the practical expedient in HKAS 19.93(b) to account for employer’s MPF voluntary
     contributions as the deemed employee contributions as a reduction of the service cost in the period in which the related service is
     rendered. For mandatory contributions, the Group applies HKAS 19.93(a) and attributes the contributions to period of services for the
     purpose of calculation of the negative service costs. The estimated amount of future benefit is determined after deducting the negative
     service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived from the Group’s MPF contributions that have been vested with employees.

     For defined benefit retirement benefits plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the projected unit credit method, with
     actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual reporting period. In determining the present value of the Group’s defined
     benefit obligations and the related current service cost and, where applicable, past service cost, the Group attributes benefit to periods
     of service under the plan’s benefit formula. However, if an employee’s service in later years will lead to a materially higher level of benefit
     than earlier years, the Group attributes the benefit on a straight-line basis from:

     (a)   the date when service by the employee first leads to benefits under the plan (whether or not the benefits are conditional on further
           service); until

     (b)   the date when further service by the employee will lead to no material amount of further benefits under the plan, other than from
           further salary increases.

     Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling (if applicable) and the return on plan
     assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in the consolidated statement of financial position with a charge or credit recognized
     in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognized in other comprehensive income is
     reflected immediately in retained profits and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.



                                                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




3.    Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
      Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES (continued)
      Past service cost is recognized in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and a gain or loss on settlement is
      recognized when settlement occurs. When determining past service cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, an entity shall remeasure the
      net defined benefit liability or asset using the current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial assumptions, reflecting the benefits
      offered under the plan and the plan assets before and after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement, without considering the
      effect of asset ceiling (i.e. the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future
      contributions to the plan).

      Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net defined benefit liability or asset. However,
      if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit liability or asset before plan amendment, curtailment or settlement, the Group determines
      net interest for the remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement using the benefits
      offered under the plan and the plan assets after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement and the discount rate used to remeasure
      such net defined benefit liability or asset, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or asset during the period
      resulting from contributions or benefit payments.

      Defined benefit costs are categorized as follows:

      •     service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on curtailments and settlements);

      •     net interest expense or income; and

      •     remeasurement.

      The retirement benefit obligations recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position represents the actual deficit or surplus
      in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from this calculation is limited to the present value of any economic benefits
      available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.

      SHORT-TERM AND OTHER LONG-TERM EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
      Short-term employee benefits are recognized at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and when employees
      rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognized as an expense unless another HKFRS Accounting Standard
      requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

      A liability is recognized for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick leave) after deducting any
      amount already paid.

      Liabilities recognized in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present value of the estimated future cash
      outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date. Any changes in the
      liabilities’ carrying amounts resulting from service costs, interests and remeasurements are recognized in profit or loss except to the
      extent that another HKFRS Accounting Standard requires or permits their inclusion in the cost of an asset.




124   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




4.   Key Sources of Accounting Estimates
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, the directors of the Company are required to make estimates and assumptions about
     the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions
     are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the
     period in which the estimates are revised if the revisions affect only that period, or in the period of the revisions and future periods if the
     revisions affect both current and future periods.

     Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty
     The following are key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period
     that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     Capitalization, Useful Lives and Estimated Impairment of Deferred Development Costs
     Determining the development costs, including the time and costs for individual projects, to be capitalized requires estimations and
     assumptions based on the expected future economic benefits to be generated by the products resulting from these development costs.
     Other important estimations and assumptions in this assessment process are the feasibility of mass production, the distinction between
     research and development and the estimated useful life. As at December 31, 2025, the carrying amount of deferred development costs of
     the Group was US$875,847,000 (2024: US$1,007,416,000). The estimation of their useful lives impacts the level of annual amortization
     recorded. The estimation of their useful lives reflects the directors’ best estimate of the periods that future economic benefits will be
     received through the use of the assets. In determining whether the deferred development costs are impaired, the management takes into
     consideration the anticipated revenues and estimated future cash flows from the underlying projects, and the progress of these projects.
     When the actual revenues and future cash flows are less than expected, a material impairment loss may arise and need to be recognized.
     Management is confident that the carrying amount of the assets will be recovered in full. This situation will be closely monitored and
     adjustments will be made in future periods if future market activity indicates that adjustments are required.

     Income Taxes
     The Group operates in a complex multinational tax environment. The Group carefully evaluates tax implications of its transactions in
     accordance with prevailing tax regulations and makes tax provision accordingly. However, estimation is required in determining the
     Group’s provision for taxation charge as there are many complex transactions and calculations, of which the ultimate tax determination
     is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. When the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were
     initially recorded, such differences will impact on the income tax and deferred tax provision in the periods in which such determination is
     made. The carrying amount of current tax payable carried as liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position as at December
     31, 2025 was US$133,039,000 (2024: US$90,830,000).

     As at December 31, 2025, deferred tax assets of US$88,019,000 (2024: US$45,300,000) in relation to unused tax losses and
     US$102,441,000 (2024: US$87,971,000) in relation to employee related provisions has been recognized in the Group’s consolidated
     statement of financial position. The realizability of the deferred tax assets mainly depends on whether sufficient taxable profits, or taxable
     temporary differences, will be available in the future. In cases where the actual future taxable profits generated are less than expected,
     or change in facts and circumstances which result in revision of future taxable profits estimation, a material reversal of the deferred tax
     assets may arise, which would be recognized in profit or loss for the period in which such a reversal or further recognition takes place.




                                                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




5.    Segment Information
      Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision makers, for the purposes of resources
      allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on the types of goods sold.

      The principal categories of goods supplied are “Power Equipment” and “Floorcare & Cleaning”. The Group’s operating segments under
      HKFRS 8 Operating Segments are as follows:

      1.      Power Equipment – sales of power tools, power tool accessories, outdoor products, and outdoor product accessories for consumer,
              trade, professional and industrial users. The products are available under the MILWAUKEE, AEG, RYOBI, HOMELITE and HART
              brands plus original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) customers.

      2.      Floorcare & Cleaning – sales of floorcare products and floorcare accessories under the HOOVER, DIRT DEVIL, VAX and ORECK
              brands plus OEM customers.

      Segment Revenue and Results
      The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable and operating segments:

      For the year ended December 31, 2025


                                                     Power Equipment Floorcare & Cleaning                Eliminations           Consolidated
                                                             US$’000             US$’000                    US$’000                US$’000

      Segment revenue
           External sales                                  14,447,714                 811,819                       —            15,259,533
           Inter-segment sales                                     —                      304                    (304)                   —
      Total segment revenue                                14,447,714                 812,123                    (304)           15,259,533

      Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.

      Result
           Segment results                                  1,317,885                  18,198                       —              1,336,083
           Interest income                                                                                                            63,032
           Finance costs                                                                                                             (96,633)
      Profit before taxation                                                                                                       1,302,482

      For the year ended December 31, 2024

                                                      Power Equipment     Floorcare & Cleaning            Eliminations          Consolidated
                                                              US$’000                 US$’000                US$’000               US$’000

      Segment revenue
           External sales                                  13,722,888                 898,728                       —             14,621,616
           Inter-segment sales                                     —                   13,300                 (13,300)                    —
      Total segment revenue                                13,722,888                 912,028                 (13,300)            14,621,616

      Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.

      Result
           Segment results                                  1,241,881                  28,383                       —              1,270,264
           Interest income                                                                                                            72,295
           Finance costs                                                                                                            (126,165)
      Profit before taxation                                                                                                       1,216,394




126   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




5.   Segment Information (continued)
     Segment Revenue and Results (continued)
     The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies described in Note 3. Segment results
     represent the profit earned or loss incurred by each segment without allocation of interest income and finance costs. This is the measure
     reported to the executive directors of the Company for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment.

     No analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by operating segment is disclosed as they are not regularly provided to the chief operating
     decision makers for review.

     Other Segment Information
     For the year ended December 31, 2025

     Amounts included in the measure of segment results:

                                                                              Power Equipment Floorcare & Cleaning                 Consolidated
                                                                                      US$’000             US$’000                     US$’000

     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                   18,380                      116                  18,496
     Write down of inventories                                                           75,385                    3,534                  78,919
     Impairment loss on trade receivables under ECL model                                23,445                       65                  23,510
     Write-off of intangible assets                                                    197,795                     3,633                201,428
     Depreciation and amortization                                                     628,189                   39,789                 667,978
     Gain on early termination of leases                                                   (111)                     —                         (111)

     For the year ended December 31, 2024

     Amounts included in the measure of segment results:

                                                                              Power Equipment       Floorcare & Cleaning            Consolidated
                                                                                      US$’000                   US$’000                US$’000

     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                   17,197                      344                  17,541
     Write down of inventories                                                           39,515                    1,861                  41,376
     Impairment loss on trade receivables under ECL model                                27,492                    4,336                  31,828
     Write-off of intangible assets                                                    109,562                     6,656                116,218
     Depreciation and amortization                                                     629,481                    33,817                663,298
     Gain on early termination of leases                                                     (95)                     —                         (95)


     Revenue from Major Products
     The following is an analysis of the Group’s disaggregated revenue from its major products:

                                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                                    US$’000             US$’000

     Power Equipment                                                                                             14,447,714          13,722,888
     Floorcare & Cleaning                                                                                           811,819             898,728
     Total                                                                                                       15,259,533          14,621,616




                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




5.    Segment Information (continued)
      Geographical Information
      The Group’s revenue from external customers by geographical location determined based on the location of the customer and information
      about its non-current assets by geographical location, determined based on the location of the group entity owning the assets are detailed
      below:

                                                                                Revenue from external customers                            Non-Current Assets*
                                                                                          2025                     2024                      2025                      2024
                                                                                        US$’000                  US$’000                   US$’000                   US$’000

      North America                                                                 11,440,559               11,078,856                  2,757,296                  2,803,860
      Europe                                                                          2,630,172                2,323,133                   245,663                   222,162
      Other countries                                                                 1,188,802                1,219,627                 1,834,819                  1,995,694
      Total                                                                         15,259,533               14,621,616                  4,837,778                  5,021,716

      *       Non-current assets exclude interest in an associate, financial assets at FVTPL, deposits, derivative financial instruments and deferred tax assets.



      Information about Major Customer
      During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Group’s largest customer contributed total revenue of US$6,926,606,000
      (2024: US$6,523,531,000), of which US$6,896,372,000 (2024: US$6,486,054,000) was under the Power Equipment segment and
      US$30,234,000 (2024: US$37,477,000) was under the Floorcare & Cleaning segment. There is no other customer contributing more
      than 10% of total revenue.

6.    Revenue
      Revenue represents the fair value of the net amounts received and receivable for goods sold by the Group to outside customers, less
      returns and allowances, and commission and royalty income received during the year and is analyzed as follows:

                                                                                                                                             2025                      2024
                                                                                                                                           US$’000                   US$’000

      Sales of goods                                                                                                                   15,248,125               14,610,358
      Commission and royalty income                                                                                                          11,408                   11,258
                                                                                                                                       15,259,533               14,621,616

      Revenue from sales of goods is recognized at a point in time. Commission and royalty income is recognized over time.

      The Group sells products mainly to the wholesale market. Revenue is recognized when control of the goods has transferred, being when
      the goods have been shipped to the wholesaler’s specific location or pick up point (delivery).

      Following delivery, the wholesaler has full discretion over the manner of distribution and price to sell the goods, has the primary
      responsibility when on selling the goods and bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods.

      As at December 31, 2025, revenue for unsatisfied contracts to be recognized by the Group over one year is immaterial. As permitted by
      HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied contracts for contracts with period of one year or less is not disclosed.

7.    Other Income
      Other income in both 2025 and 2024 mainly comprises of the sale of scrap materials and claims and reimbursements from customers
      and vendors.

8.    Interest Income
      Interest income represents interest earned on bank deposits.




128   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




9.   Finance Costs
                                                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                                                       US$’000             US$’000

     Interest on:
       Unsecured borrowings                                                                                             66,276              94,079
       Lease liabilities                                                                                                30,357              32,086
                                                                                                                        96,633             126,165


10. Taxation Charge
                                                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                                                       US$’000             US$’000

     Current tax:
       Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                                                             (1,019)             (1,724)
       Over provision in prior years                                                                                        575                    70
                                                                                                                           (444)             (1,654)
       Overseas taxation                                                                                              (103,357)            (96,101)
       Under provision in prior years                                                                                    (8,429)             (4,502)
                                                                                                                      (111,786)           (100,603)
     Deferred tax (Note 42):
       Current year                                                                                                     10,427                7,375
       Change in tax rates                                                                                               (2,385)                  168
                                                                                                                          8,042               7,543
                                                                                                                      (104,188)            (94,714)

     Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profit for both years.

     Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.

     The Group is subject to the global minimum top-up tax Pillar Two Rules. Pillar Two Rules have become effective in Hong Kong where the
     Company is incorporated. The top-up tax relates to the Group’s operation in the Cayman Islands and the United Arab Emirates, where the
     annual effective income tax rate is below 15%. Therefore, a top-up tax is accrued in the current period using the top-up tax rate and based
     on the jurisdictional estimated adjusted covered taxes and net globe income for the year. The Group has recognized current tax expenses
     related to the Pillar Two Rules for the year ended December 31, 2025 which are expected to be levied on the Company and a subsidiary in
     the United Arab Emirates.

     The Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception from recognizing and disclosing deferred tax assets and liabilities for the
     impacts of the Pillar Two Rules and accounts for it as a current tax when it is incurred.




                                                                                                       Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025    129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




10. Taxation Charge (continued)
      The taxation charge for the year is reconciled as follows:

                                                                             2025                  2025               2024                  2024
                                                                           US$’000                    %             US$’000                    %

      Profit before taxation                                              1,302,482                               1,216,394
      Tax at Hong Kong Profits Tax rate                                    (214,910)              16.5%            (200,705)              16.5%
      Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in
         other jurisdictions                                                 90,454                (6.9%)           141,262               (11.6%)
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes                (23,638)               1.8%              (46,943)               3.8%
      Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purposes                       4,768                (0.4%)            10,845                (0.9%)
      Utilization of deductible temporary differences previously
        not recognized                                                       29,236                (2.2%)              2,452               (0.2%)
      Tax effect of tax losses and temporary differences
        not recognized                                                       20,143                (1.6%)              2,644               (0.2%)
      Under provision in respect of prior years                               (7,854)              0.6%               (4,432)               0.4%
      Tax effect of changes in tax rates                                      (2,385)              0.2%                  168                0.0%
      Tax effect of share of result of an associate                               (2)              0.0%                    (5)              0.0%
      Taxation charge for the year                                         (104,188)               8.0%              (94,714)               7.8%

      Details of deferred tax are set out in Note 42.

      For the year ended December 31, 2025, deferred tax liability of US$106,000 (2024: US$1,307,000) and deferred tax assets (liability)
      of US$8,374,000 (2024: (US$9,100,000)) related to remeasurement of defined benefit obligations and fair value income on foreign
      currency forward contracts and cross-currency interest rate swaps in hedge accounting have been recognized in other comprehensive
      income respectively.

      The Group has applied the temporary exception issued by the HKICPA in July 2023 from the accounting requirements for deferred taxes
      in HKAS 12. Accordingly, the Group neither recognizes nor discloses information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar
      Two income taxes.




130   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




11. Profit for the Year
                                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                                                 US$’000             US$’000

    Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging (crediting):


    Amortization of intangible assets                                                                             221,169            207,583
    Auditors’ remuneration                                                                                          3,823               4,116
    Cost of inventories recognized as an expense                                                                8,967,596          8,726,060
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                                 278,888            281,198
    Depreciation of right of use assets                                                                           167,921            174,517
    Fair value loss (gain) on foreign currency forward contracts                                                    7,966             (10,217)
    Fair value gain on acquisition right of certain property, plant and equipment                                      (15)                 (701)
    Impairment loss of property, plant and equipment                                                                1,409              13,342
    Fair value (gain) loss on listed equity securities                                                              (4,655)             5,947
    Gain on early termination of leases                                                                               (111)                  (95)
    Loss on sub-lease modification                                                                                      —               1,331
    Impairment loss on trade receivables under ECL model                                                           23,510              31,828
    Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                              18,496              17,541
    Net exchange gain                                                                                             (93,572)             (3,037)
    Expenses relating to short-term leases and low-value assets recognized in respect of:
      Motor vehicles                                                                                                2,019               3,819
      Plant and machinery                                                                                           5,556               5,848
      Office equipment, furniture and fixtures                                                                     24,895              23,281
      Premises                                                                                                     13,043               5,821
      Other assets                                                                                                    761               1,249
    Unconditional government grants                                                                                   (123)                  (84)
    Write down of inventories                                                                                      78,919              41,376
    Write-off of intangible assets                                                                                201,428            116,218
    Staff costs
      Directors’ remuneration
         Fees                                                                                                         887                   752
         Other emoluments                                                                                          61,868              68,444
                                                                                                                   62,755              69,196
    Other staff costs                                                                                           2,783,559          2,615,499
    Contributions to retirement benefits schemes
      (other than those included in the Directors’ emoluments)
      Defined contribution plans                                                                                   47,329              39,112
      Defined benefit plans (Note 41)                                                                               1,977               2,046
                                                                                                                2,895,620          2,725,853




                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




12. Directors’ Emoluments
      The emoluments paid or payable to each of the fourteen (2024: sixteen) directors, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules and
      the CO, were as follows:
      For the year ended December 31, 2025

                                                                                         Other emoluments

                                                                                   Contributions
                                                                           Basic   to retirement
                                                                    salaries and         benefits                   Share-based
                                                          Fees       allowances         schemes         Bonus         payments          Total
                                                       US$’000          US$’000         US$’000       US$’000          US$’000       US$’000

      Mr Horst Julius Pudwill (Note i)                       –            1,671                2            9,903        3,971         15,547
      Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill (Note i)                      –            1,208                2            2,525        2,265          6,000
      Mr Steven Philip Richman (Note i)                      –            1,584                –            5,250       12,083         18,917
      Mr Kin Wah Chan (Note i)                               –              912                –            2,766        2,265          5,943
      Mr Chi Chung Chan (Note i)                             –              909                –            3,395        2,265          6,569
      Mr Camille Jojo (Note i)                               –            1,275                –            1,500        3,430          6,205
      Mr Peter David Sullivan (Note ii, iii)               110               55                –                –          428            593
      Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse (Note ii)                  110               30                –                –          428            568
      Mr Robert Hinman Getz (Note ii)                      117               60                –                –          294            471
      Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding (Note ii)               110               20                –                –          258            388
      Ms Caroline Christina Kracht (Note ii)               110               30                –                –          428            568
      Mr Andrew Philip Roberts (Note ii)                   110               30                –                –          184            324
      Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng (Note ii)                         110               10                –                –          211            331
      Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong (Note ii)                  110               10                –                –          211            331
      Total                                                887            7,804                4        25,339          28,721         62,755

      For the year ended December 31, 2024

                                                                                         Other emoluments

                                                                                   Contributions
                                                                           Basic   to retirement
                                                                    salaries and         benefits                   Share-based
                                                          Fees       allowances         schemes         Bonus         payments          Total
                                                       US$’000          US$’000         US$’000       US$’000          US$’000       US$’000

      Mr Horst Julius Pudwill (Note i)                      —             1,671                2            9,903        2,710         14,286
      Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill (Note i)                     —             1,088                2            2,525        2,043          5,658
      Mr Steven Philip Richman (Note i)                     —               586               —             5,250        3,940          9,776
      Mr Kin Wah Chan (Note i)                              —               912                1            2,766        2,043          5,722
      Mr Chi Chung Chan (Note i)                            —               909               —             3,265        2,043          6,217
      Mr Camille Jojo (Note i)                              —             1,381               —             1,500        3,320          6,201
      Mr Peter David Sullivan (Note ii, iii)               110               55               —               657          434          1,256
      Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse (Note ii)                  110               30               —                —           460            600
      Mr Robert Hinman Getz (Note ii)                      110               60               —                —           321            491
      Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding (Note ii)               110               20               —                —           306            436
      Ms Caroline Christina Kracht (Note ii)               110               20               —                —           434            564
      Mr Andrew Philip Roberts (Note ii)                   110               13               —                —           145            268
      Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng (Note ii)                          26               —                —                —            —              26
      Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong (Note ii)                   26               —                —                —            —              26
      Mr Joseph Galli Jr (Note i)                           —               834               12            8,799        7,741         17,386
      Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP (Note iv)          40               —                —                —           243            283
      Total                                                752            7,579               17        34,665          26,183         69,196



132   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




12. Directors’ Emoluments (continued)
    Note i:    The individuals represent the Executive Directors of the Company and the Group. The Executive Directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their
               services in connection with management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. Mr Steven Philip Richman was appointed as Chief Executive Officer
               and an Executive Director on May 21, 2024 and August 6, 2024 respectively. Mr Joseph Galli Jr resigned as Chief Executive Officer and an Executive Director
               effective from May 20, 2024.
    Note ii:   The individuals represent the independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Independent Non-Executive Directors’ emoluments shown above
               were mainly for their services as directors of the Company. Mr Robert Hinman Getz was appointed as the lead Independent Non-Executive Director on March
               31, 2025. Mr Andrew Philip Roberts was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on January 1, 2024. Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng and Mr Stephen Tsi
               Chuen Wong were appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Directors on October 7, 2024.
    Note iii: Bonus shown in 2024 represents final exercise of residual phantom options issued in 2013. As of December 31, 2024, Mr Peter David Sullivan no longer has
              any remaining unexercised phantom options from 2013.
    Note iv: The individual represents the Non-Executive Director of the Company. The Non-Executive Director’s emolument shown above was mainly for his services as
             director of the Company or its subsidiaries. Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP retired after the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company held on
             May 10, 2024.


    The bonuses were based on past performance of the Group.

    The above emoluments include the value of share options granted and shares awarded to certain directors under the Company’s
    share option schemes and share award scheme, respectively, as estimated at the date of grant and award. The share-based payments
    represent the costs of share options and share awards granted to directors as charged to the Company’s profit and loss, but not as income
    of respective directors. Details of these benefits in kind are disclosed under the sections “Share Options” and “Share Award Scheme and
    Employee Equity Incentive Plan” in Notes 44 and 45 respectively.

13. Employees’ Emoluments
    Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, two (2024: three) were directors of the Company whose emoluments are
    included in Note 12 above. The emoluments of the remaining three (2024: two) individuals for the year ended December 31, 2025 were
    as follows:

                                                                                                                                          2025                     2024
                                                                                                                                        US$’000                  US$’000

    Basic salaries and allowances                                                                                                           2,531                   1,683
    Contributions to retirement benefits schemes                                                                                               688                     403
    Bonus                                                                                                                                 21,930                   14,333
    Share-based payments                                                                                                                    1,790                      —
                                                                                                                                          26,939                   16,419

    The emoluments of these three (2024: two) highest paid individuals for the year ended December 31, 2025 were within the following
    bands:

                                                                                                                                            No. of persons
    Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”)                                                                                                                2025                    2024

    62,500,001 to 63,000,000                                                                                                                     —                        1
    64,500,001 to 65,000,000                                                                                                                     —                       1
    67,000,001 to 67,500,000                                                                                                                      1                      —
    69,500,001 to 70,000,000                                                                                                                      1                      —
    72,000,001 to 72,500,000                                                                                                                      1                      —

    During each of the two years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, no emoluments have been paid by the Group to the five highest paid
    individuals, including directors, as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. No director has
    waived any emoluments during those years.




                                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025             133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




14. Dividends
                                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                                                  US$’000             US$’000

      Dividends recognized as distributions during the year:
      Final dividend paid:
        2024: HK118.00 cents (approximately US15.19 cents)
           (2023: HK98.00 cents (approximately US12.61 cents)) per share                                          278,154             231,392
      Interim dividend paid:
         2025: HK125.00 cents (approximately US16.09 cents)
           (2024: HK108.00 cents (approximately US13.90 cents)) per share                                         294,497             254,711
                                                                                                                  572,651             486,103

      The final dividend of HK132.00 cents (approximately US16.99 cents) per share with a total of approximately US$310,754,000 in respect
      of the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024: final dividend of HK118.00 cents (approximately US15.19 cents) per share in respect of the
      year ended December 31, 2024) has been proposed by the directors of the Company and is subject to approval by the shareholders in the
      Annual General Meeting.

15. Earnings per Share
      The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to Owners of the Company is based on the following data:

                                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                                                  US$’000             US$’000

      Earnings for the purposes of basic and diluted earnings per share:
        Profit for the year attributable to Owners of the Company                                               1,198,294           1,121,680
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share               1,826,385,656       1,826,072,714
      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
         Share options                                                                                          3,382,448           4,480,538
         Share awards                                                                                           2,318,354           5,935,742
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of diluted earnings per share             1,832,086,458       1,836,488,994

      The computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume the exercise of the Company’s share options and vesting of Company’s
      share awards where the exercise price of those share options and adjusted exercise price of those share awards were higher than the
      average market price for shares for both years.




134   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




16. Property, Plant and Equipment
                                    Freehold
                                    land and                    Office
                                    land and              equipment,                      Moulds
                                    buildings   Leasehold   furniture Plant and    Motor     and                   Construction
                                      (Note) improvements and fixtures machinery vehicles tooling Vessels Aircraft in progress                             Total
                                    US$’000      US$’000    US$’000     US$’000 US$’000 US$’000 US$’000 US$’000       US$’000                           US$’000

    Cost
    At January 1, 2024               897,767        143,559       410,384      845,157      11,171 407,149          7,116     80,368        593,160 3,395,831
    Currency realignment             (10,687)        (4,745)       (7,868)     (16,429)       (198) (3,354)            —          —         (10,175)  (53,456)
    Additions                          5,476         11,882        14,304       24,943       1,103       694           —          —         233,101   291,503
    Disposals                         (1,228)        (8,872)      (30,071)     (45,195)     (1,753) (134,456)          —          —          (6,511) (228,086)
    Impairment                            —              —        (10,645)      (6,441)         —     (5,150)          —          —              —    (22,236)
    Reclassification                 165,446         18,629        63,812       77,984         257    66,065           —          —        (392,193)       —
    At December 31, 2024           1,056,774        160,453       439,916      880,019      10,580    330,948       7,116     80,368       417,382 3,383,556
    Currency realignment               2,866           3,908        9,412       19,540         209     5,177            —          —         (1,248)      39,864
    Additions                          5,507          10,903       12,242       43,275       1,096       727            —          —        215,211      288,961
    Disposals                         (2,618)        (12,610)     (19,611)     (20,807)       (360) (102,066)           —          —           (225)    (158,297)
    Impairment                            —             (569)        (704)        (136)         —         —             —          —             —        (1,409)
    Reclassification                  15,130          18,790      129,088      144,709         250 53,994               —          —       (361,961)          —
    At December 31, 2025           1,077,659        180,875       570,343 1,066,600         11,775    288,780       7,116     80,368       269,159 3,552,675
    Depreciation and Impairment
    At January 1, 2024                95,498          76,524      231,209      411,273        7,931 249,419         7,107      6,333              — 1,085,294
    Currency realignment                (600)         (3,126)      (5,287)     (10,474)        (167) (1,877)           —          —               —   (21,531)
    Provided for the year             31,640          16,842       45,378       88,271        1,152    93,091           2      4,822              —   281,198
    Impairment                            —               —        (2,209)      (2,772)          —     (3,913)         —          —               —    (8,894)
    Eliminated on disposals             (376)         (8,638)     (29,429)     (32,669)      (1,474) (128,466)         —          —               — (201,052)
    At December 31, 2024             126,162          81,602      239,662      453,629       7,442    208,254       7,109     11,155              — 1,135,015
    Currency realignment               2,068           2,524        8,691       11,840         150    3,394             —         —               —       28,667
    Provided for the year             33,606          18,914       48,456      100,210       1,312 71,566               2      4,822              —      278,888
    Eliminated on disposals           (1,221)         (5,971)     (17,599)     (15,446)       (351) (93,415)            —         —               —     (134,003)
    At December 31, 2025             160,615          97,069      279,210      550,233       8,553    189,799       7,111     15,977              — 1,308,567
    Carrying amounts
    At December 31, 2025             917,044          83,806      291,133      516,367       3,222     98,981            5    64,391       269,159 2,244,108
    At December 31, 2024             930,612          78,851      200,254      426,390       3,138    122,694            7    69,213       417,382 2,248,541

    Note: Buildings with a carrying amount of US$6,077,000 (2024: US$7,892,000) are erected on leasehold land that is presented as ROU assets on the consolidated
          statement of financial position.




                                                                                                             Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025          135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




16. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)
      The above PP&E, other than freehold land and construction in progress, are depreciated on a straight-line basis, at the following rates per
      annum:

      Land and buildings                                    Over the shorter of lease term or useful life of twenty to fifty years
      Leasehold improvements                                21/2% – 371/2%
      Office equipment, furniture and fixtures              10% – 331/3%
      Plant and machinery                                   5% – 331/3%
      Motor vehicles                                        10% – 331/3%
      Moulds and tooling                                    18% – 331/3%
      Vessels                                               20% – 25%
      Aircraft                                              6%

      The carrying amounts of properties shown above comprise:

                                                                                                                        2025             2024
                                                                                                                      US$’000          US$’000

      Properties situated outside Hong Kong are analyzed as follows:
        Freehold land                                                                                                  738,360         736,436
        Land and buildings                                                                                             123,530         137,626
                                                                                                                       861,890         874,062
      Land and buildings situated in Hong Kong                                                                          55,154          56,550
                                                                                                                       917,044         930,612

      The cost of the Group’s PP&E includes amounts of US$303,681,000 (2024: US$277,959,000) in respect of fully depreciated PP&E that
      are still in use.




136   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




17. Right of Use Assets
                                                                 Office
                                                           equipment,
                                             Land and        furniture        Plant and             Motor        Leasehold
                                             buildings     and fixtures       machinery           vehicles            land            Total
                                             US$’000         US$’000           US$’000            US$’000         US$’000          US$’000

    Cost
    At January 1, 2024                      1,099,337           19,420            14,908          209,520           34,806        1,377,991
    Currency realignment                      (32,150)              (69)            (635)              (7,803)        (956)         (41,613)
    Additions                                100,650            10,065             5,995              58,547            —           175,257
    Early termination/end of leases           (69,472)           (5,049)              (96)            (66,126)             —       (140,743)
    At December 31, 2024                    1,098,365           24,367            20,172          194,138           33,850        1,370,892
    Currency realignment                      33,375                261              674              10,992         1,508           46,810
    Additions                                 39,111             9,187             7,123              47,634            —           103,055
    Impairment loss                            (1,574)              —                 —                   —              —            (1,574)
    Early termination/end of leases           (69,732)           (5,786)          (3,674)             (31,212)           —         (110,404)
    At December 31, 2025                    1,099,545           28,029            24,295          221,552           35,358        1,408,779
    Depreciation
    At January 1, 2024                       383,402            10,570             6,535          100,746           10,729          511,982
    Currency realignment                      (12,894)             (168)            (392)              (4,246)        (304)         (18,004)
    Provided for the year                    121,974              6,752            3,182              41,923           686          174,517
    Elimination on early
       termination/end of leases              (48,956)           (4,877)              (96)            (40,771)             —        (94,700)
    At December 31, 2024                     443,526            12,277             9,229              97,652        11,111          573,795
    Currency realignment                      19,269                 52              346               5,440           514           25,621
    Provided for the year                    112,895             6,291             3,813              44,234           688          167,921
    Elimination on early
       termination/end of leases              (59,854)           (5,732)          (3,133)             (28,886)           —          (97,605)
    At December 31, 2025                     515,836            12,888            10,255          118,440           12,313          669,732
    Carrying amounts
    At December 31, 2025                     583,709            15,141            14,040          103,112           23,045          739,047
    At December 31, 2024                     654,839            12,090            10,943              96,486        22,739          797,097


                                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                                                 US$’000            US$’000

    Expense relating to short-term leases                                                                         21,540             19,205
    Expense relating to leases of low-value assets, excluding short-term leases of low-value assets               24,734             20,813
    Total cash outflow for leases                                                                                238,453            236,124




                                                                                                Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




17. Right of Use Assets (continued)
      For both years, the Group leased land and buildings, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, plant and machinery, motor vehicles and
      leasehold land for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for term of up to 50 years (2024: 50 years). Lease terms are negotiated
      on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
      length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is
      enforceable.

      In addition, the Group owns office buildings. The Group is the registered owner of these property interests, including the underlying
      leasehold lands. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these property interests. The leasehold land components of these
      owned properties are presented separately only if the payments made can be allocated reliably.

      The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for property, plant and machinery, office equipment, furniture and fixtures and motor
      vehicles. As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the
      short-term lease expense disclosed above.

      Leases Committed
      As at December 31, 2025, the Group entered into new leases for certain PP&E that have not yet commenced, with average
      non-cancellable period that ranges from 2 to 10 years (2024: 2 to 6 years) with extension options, the total future undiscounted cash flows
      under which amounts to US$11,345,000 (2024: US$10,235,000) over the non-cancellable period.

      Details of the lease maturity analysis of the lease liabilities are set out in Note 34.

18. Goodwill
                                                                                                                                        US$’000

      At January 1, 2024                                                                                                                604,297
      Currency realignment                                                                                                                (1,398)
      At December 31, 2024                                                                                                              602,899
      Currency realignment                                                                                                                 3,800
      At December 31, 2025                                                                                                              606,699

      Particulars regarding impairment testing of goodwill are disclosed in Note 20.




138   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




19. Intangible Assets
                                     Deferred                                               Retailer and                   Non
                                 development                                  Manufacturing      service               compete
                                        costs          Patents     Trademarks   know-how relationships               agreement             Total
                                    US$’000           US$’000         US$’000    US$’000       US$’000                US$’000           US$’000

    Cost
    At January 1, 2024               1,677,228          141,343          240,434           1,753           9,900            1,300       2,071,958
    Currency realignment                     (282)         (559)              —               —               —                —              (841)
    Additions                             315,933        18,896           60,076              —               —                —          394,905
    Written off in the year              (298,546)       (7,071)              —               —               —                —         (305,617)
    At December 31, 2024             1,694,333          152,609          300,510           1,753           9,900            1,300       2,160,405
    Currency realignment                     817            113               —               —               —                —              930
    Additions                             281,024        19,868              12               —               —                —          300,904
    Written off in the year              (373,950)         (584)             —                —               —                —         (374,534)
    At December 31, 2025             1,602,224          172,006          300,522           1,753           9,900            1,300       2,087,705
    Amortization
    At January 1, 2024                    672,312        78,912           14,727           1,136           5,152            1,300         773,539
    Currency realignment                     (274)         (538)              —               —               —                —              (812)
    Provided for the year                 197,816         8,827              150             130             660               —          207,583
    Eliminated on write-off              (182,937)       (6,462)              —               —               —                —         (189,399)
    At December 31, 2024                  686,917        80,739           14,877           1,266           5,812            1,300         790,911
    Currency realignment                     783             24               —               —               —                —              807
    Provided for the year                 211,783         8,448              148             130             660               —          221,169
    Eliminated on write-off              (173,106)           —                —               —               —                —         (173,106)
    At December 31, 2025                  726,377        89,211           15,025           1,396           6,472            1,300         839,781
    Carrying amounts
    At December 31, 2025                  875,847        82,795          285,497             357           3,428               —        1,247,924

    At December 31, 2024             1,007,416           71,870          285,633             487           4,088               —        1,369,494

    Deferred development costs are internally-generated by capitalizing the costs pertaining to the development of new products or
    enhancement of existing products.

    Included in trademarks of the Group, US$284,440,000 (2024: US$284,440,000) are trademarks considered by the management of
    the Group as having indefinite useful lives because they are expected to contribute to the Group’s net cash inflows indefinitely. The
    trademarks will not be amortized until their useful lives are determined to be finite. Instead they will be tested for impairment annually and
    whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired. Particulars of the impairment testing are disclosed in Note 20.

    The retailer and service relationships were acquired through business combinations which related to the relationships with retailers and
    service centres.

    The above intangible assets, other than trademarks with indefinite useful lives, are amortized on a straight-line basis, at the following rates
    per annum:

    Deferred development costs                             141/3% – 331/3%
    Patents                                                10% – 25%
    Trademarks with finite useful lives                    62/3% – 10%
    Manufacturing know-how                                 10%
    Retailer and service relationships                     62/3%
    Non compete agreement                                  62/3%




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025    139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




20. Impairment Testing on Goodwill and Intangible Assets with Indefinite Useful Lives
      As explained in Note 5, the Group uses the types of goods sold as the basis for preparing the operating segment information. For the
      purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful lives set out in Notes 18 and 19, the majority of the amounts
      have been allocated to four major individual CGUs, including three units in the Power Equipment segment and one unit in the Floorcare &
      Cleaning segment. The carrying amounts of goodwill and trademarks as at December 31, 2025 allocated to these units are as follows:

                                                                               Goodwill                                Trademarks
                                                                           2025                2024                 2025                2024
                                                                         US$’000             US$’000              US$’000             US$’000
      Power Equipment – MET                                              469,253             467,476              126,607             126,607
      Power Equipment – TTI OPE                                            16,509              16,509               30,648              30,648
      Power Equipment – Drebo                                              22,553              20,530                   —                   —
      Floorcare & Cleaning – RAM/Hoover/VAX                                75,748              75,748               67,179              67,179
      Others                                                               22,636              22,636               60,006              60,006
                                                                         606,699             602,899              284,440             284,440

      The basis of the recoverable amounts of the above CGUs and their major underlying assumptions are summarized below:

      Power Equipment – MET (“MET”)
      The recoverable amounts of MET’s goodwill and intangible assets have been determined based on a value in use calculation. That
      calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period and a discount rate
      of 8.0% (2024: 8.0%) per annum.

      Cash flow projections during the budget period for MET are based on management’s estimation of cash inflows/outflows including
      sales, gross margin, operating expenses and working capital requirements. The assumptions and estimations are based on MET’s past
      performance, management’s expectations of the market development, the success of the new products launched, managing the working
      capital and the continuance of costs controlling strategy implemented by the Group. Cash flow projections beyond the 5-year period are
      extrapolated using a steady 3.0% (2024: 3.0%) growth rate. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these
      assumptions would not cause the carrying amounts of MET’s goodwill and intangible assets to exceed the estimated recoverable amounts.

      Power Equipment – TTI OPE (“TTI OPE”)
      The recoverable amounts of TTI OPE’s goodwill and intangible assets have been determined based on a value in use calculation. That
      calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period, and a discount rate
      of 9.0% (2024: 9.0%) per annum.

      Cash flow projections during the budget period for TTI OPE are based on management’s estimation of cash inflows/outflows including
      sales, gross margin, operating expenses and working capital requirements. The assumptions and estimations are based on TTI OPE’s past
      performance, management’s expectations of the market development, the success of the new products launched and the continuance of
      costs controlling strategy implemented. Cash flow projections beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated without considering any growth
      rate. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the carrying amounts of TTI
      OPE’s goodwill and intangible assets to exceed the estimated recoverable amounts.

      Power Equipment – Drebo (“Drebo”)
      The recoverable amounts of Drebo’s goodwill have been determined based on a value in use calculation. That calculation uses cash flow
      projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period, and a discount rate of 8.5% (2024: 9.0%) per
      annum.

      Cash flow projections during the budget period for Drebo are based on management’s estimation of cash inflows/outflows including
      sales, gross margin, operating expenses and working capital requirements. The assumptions and estimations are based on Drebo’s past
      performance, management’s expectations of the market development, the success of the new products launched and the continuance
      of costs controlling strategies implemented. Cash flow projections beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated using a 3.0% (2024: 3.0%)
      growth rate. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the carrying
      amounts of Drebo’s goodwill to exceed the estimated recoverable amount.




140   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




20. Impairment Testing on Goodwill and Intangible Assets with Indefinite Useful Lives (continued)
    Floorcare & Cleaning – RAM/Hoover/VAX (“RAM/Hoover/VAX”)
    The recoverable amounts of RAM/Hoover/VAX’s goodwill and intangible assets have been determined based on a value in use calculation.
    That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period, and a discount
    rate of 14.0% (2024: 13.0%) per annum.

    Cash flow projections during the budget period for RAM/Hoover/VAX are based on management’s estimation of cash inflows/outflows
    including sales, gross margin, operating expenses, capital expenditures and working capital requirements. The assumptions and
    estimations are based on RAM/Hoover/VAX’s past performance, management’s expectations of the market development, managing the
    working capital and the continuance of costs controlling strategies implemented. Cash flow projections beyond the 5-year period are
    extrapolated using a steady 2.0% (2024: 2.0%) growth rate. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these
    assumptions would not cause the carrying amounts of RAM/Hoover/VAX’s goodwill and intangibles to exceed the estimated aggregate
    recoverable amounts.

21. Interest in an Associate
                                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                                               US$’000                US$’000

    Cost of investment in an associate                                                                            1,470                 1,470
    Share of post-acquisition profits                                                                               545                   555
    Share of net assets                                                                                           2,015                 2,025

    Summarized financial information in respect of an associate, Wuerth Master Power Tools Limited (“Wuerth”), is set out below. The
    summarized financial information below represents amounts shown in Wuerth’s financial statements prepared in accordance with HKFRS
    Accounting Standards.

    Wuerth is accounted for using equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                                               US$’000                US$’000

    Non-current assets                                                                                            3,861                 3,656
    Current assets                                                                                               14,400                 6,391
    Current liabilities                                                                                          14,150                 5,915
    Net assets                                                                                                    4,111                 4,132


                                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                                               US$’000                US$’000

    Loss for the year                                                                                                (21)                 (63)

    Reconciliation of the above summarized financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in Wuerth recognized in the
    consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                                               US$’000                US$’000

    Net assets                                                                                                    4,111                 4,132
    Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest                                                                  49.0%                49.0%
    The Group’s share of net assets                                                                               2,015                 2,025
    Carrying amount of the Group’s interest                                                                       2,015                 2,025

    Particulars of an associate as at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are set out in Note 51.




                                                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025    141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




22. Financial Assets at FVTPL
                                                                                                                                        2025                       2024
                                                                                                                          Notes       US$’000                    US$’000

      Club membership debentures                                                                                            (a)           4,945                    4,924
      Listed equity securities                                                                                              (b)         31,750                    22,571
      Others                                                                                                                              3,845                    3,845
                                                                                                                                        40,540                    31,340


      Analyzed for reporting purposes as:
      Current assets                                                                                                                    31,750                    22,571
      Non-current assets                                                                                                                  8,790                    8,769
                                                                                                                                        40,540                    31,340

      Notes:
      (a)      As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, the club membership debentures measured at fair value with reference to recent transaction prices for similar
               comparables with similar characteristics.
      (b)      The Group’s listed equity securities were carried at fair value using the market bid prices on the reporting date.



23. Finance Lease Receivables
      The finance lease receivables represent the sublease arrangement entered by the Group as a lessor for land and building during the
      year. The term of finance lease entered into is approximately one to four years (2024: approximately one to four years). The interest rate
      inherent in the lease is fixed at the contract date over the lease term.

                                                                                                                                        Present value of
                                                                                        Minimum lease payments                      minimum lease payments
                                                                                             2025                     2024              2025                       2024
                                                                                           US$’000                  US$’000           US$’000                    US$’000
      Finance lease receivables comprise:
            Within one year                                                                   3,756                    7,663              3,721                    7,566
            In the second year                                                                   —                     3,719                 —                     3,685
                                                                                              3,756                   11,382              3,721                   11,251
      Less: Unearned finance income                                                               (35)                   (131)              N/A                      N/A
      Present value of minimum lease payment receivables                                      3,721                   11,251              3,721                   11,251
      Analyzed as:
            Current                                                                                                                       3,721                    7,566
            Non-current                                                                                                                      —                     3,685
                                                                                                                                          3,721                   11,251

      Interest rate implicit in the above finance lease was 1.10% to 2.80% (2024: 1.10% to 2.80%).

      The Group is not exposed to foreign currency risk as a result of the lease arrangement, as the finance lease is denominated in the
      respective functional currency of the group entity.

      Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 37.2.4.




142   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




24. Inventories
                                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                                    US$’000              US$’000

    Raw materials                                                                                                    683,205              598,570
    Work in progress                                                                                                 120,292              113,167
    Finished goods                                                                                                 3,648,444            3,364,473
                                                                                                                   4,451,941            4,076,210


25. Right to Returned Goods Asset/Refund Liabilities from Right of Return
    The right to returned goods asset represents the Group’s right to recover products from customers where customers exercise their right
    of return under the Group’s various returns policies. The Group uses its accumulated historical experience to estimate the dollar value of
    returns on a portfolio level based on the expected return level.

    The refund liabilities relate to customers’ right to return products within certain days of purchase. A refund liability is recognized for those
    products expected to be returned. The Group’s right to recover the product when customers exercise their right is recognised as a right to
    returned goods asset and a corresponding adjustment to cost of sales.

26. Trade and Other Receivables
                                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                                    US$’000              US$’000

    Trade receivables                                                                                              2,021,181            1,956,129
    Less: Allowances for credit losses                                                                               (84,983)             (71,998)
                                                                                                                   1,936,198            1,884,131
    Other receivables                                                                                                 69,133              109,007
                                                                                                                   2,005,331            1,993,138

    As at January 1, 2024, all trade receivables amounted US$1,699,479,000 are derived from contracts with customers.

    The ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of allowances for credit losses, presented based on the invoice date, which is relative to the
    revenue recognition date, at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                                    US$’000              US$’000

    0 to 60 days                                                                                                   1,568,132            1,514,752
    61 to 120 days                                                                                                   310,357              314,890
    121 days or above                                                                                                 57,709               54,489
    Total trade receivables                                                                                        1,936,198            1,884,131

    Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential customer’s credit quality
    and defines credit limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers are reviewed regularly. Trade receivables that are neither
    past due nor credit-impaired have the best credit scoring attributable under the internal credit scoring system used by the Group.

    As at December 31, 2025, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying amount of
    US$314,262,000 (2024: US$346,530,000) which are past due as at the reporting date. The past due over 90 days balances that are
    presumed in default in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy of US$23,417,000 (2024: US$20,444,000) are not considered as
    in default as they are due from a number of independent customers that have a good payment track record with the Group.

    The Group has a policy of allowing credit periods ranging mainly from 30 days to 120 days.

27. Bills Receivable
    All the Group’s bills receivable at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are aged within 120 days based on invoice date.




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025      143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




28. Trade Receivables from an Associate
      The trade receivables from an associate at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are aged within 120 days based on invoice date and are
      unsecured, non-interest bearing and are repayable on demand.

29. Derivative Financial Instruments
                                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                                                  US$’000             US$’000

      Assets
      Acquisition right of certain property, plant and equipment                                                     8,800               8,785
      Foreign currency forward contracts – under hedge accounting                                                    7,009             122,243
      Foreign currency forward contracts – not under hedge accounting                                                1,278               8,712
      Cross-currency interest rate swaps – under hedge accounting                                                       —                1,178
                                                                                                                    17,087             140,918


                                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                                                  US$’000             US$’000

      Liabilities
      Foreign currency forward contracts – under hedge accounting                                                   52,973              12,740
      Cross-currency interest rate swaps – under hedge accounting                                                       —                4,379
                                                                                                                    52,973              17,119


      Acquisition Right of Certain PP&E
      As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Group owned a right to acquire certain PP&E which was acquired as part of the acquisition of
      the Oreck business from the Oreck Bankruptcy Estate. The right is expected to be exercised in 2032. The fair value of the PP&E was
      US$8,800,000 valued on September 30, 2025 (2024: US$8,785,000 valued on September 30, 2024) by Kroll, LLC, an independent
      valuer not related to the Group.

      Foreign Currency Forward Contracts
      The fair values of foreign currency forward contracts are measured using quoted forward exchange rates and yield curves derived from
      quoted interest rates matching maturities of the contracts.

      Foreign Currency Forward Contracts under Hedge Accounting
      At the end of the reporting period, the Group had the following foreign currency forward contracts designated as highly effective hedging
      instruments in order to manage the Group’s foreign currency exposure in relation to future foreign currency sales. The terms of the foreign
      exchange contracts have been negotiated to match the terms of the respective designated hedged items.




144   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




29. Derivative Financial Instruments (continued)
    Foreign Currency Forward Contracts under Hedge Accounting (continued)
    Major terms of the foreign currency forward contracts under hedge accounting are as follows:

    2025

     Notional amounts in millions (“M”)                                  Maturity

     Sell AUD 756.0M, Buy US$                                            January 28, 2026 to December 24, 2026
     Sell EUR 1,281.0M, Buy US$                                          January 26, 2026 to December 24, 2027
     Sell US$12.0M, Buy EUR                                              January 9, 2026 to June 5, 2026
     Sell GBP 18.5M, Buy EUR                                             January 15, 2026 to April 16, 2026
     Sell CHF 6.3M, Buy EUR                                              January 15, 2026 to December 17, 2026
     Buy US$63.7M, Sell GBP                                              February 6, 2026 to December 4, 2026
     Sell PLN 67.8M, Buy EUR                                             January 15, 2026 to July 16, 2026
     Sell SEK 262.5M, Buy EUR                                            January 15, 2026 to September 17, 2026
     Sell HUF 2,114.0M, Buy EUR                                          January 15, 2026 to June 11, 2026
     Sell CAD 1,020.7M, Buy US$                                          January 30, 2026 to October 30, 2026

    2024
     Notional amounts in M                                               Maturity

     Sell AUD 600.0M, Buy US$                                            January 24, 2025 to December 30, 2025
     Sell EUR 732.5M, Buy US$                                            January 27, 2025 to December 29, 2025
     Sell US$198.5M, Buy EUR                                             January 9, 2025 to December 31, 2025
     Sell GBP 68.9M, Buy EUR                                             January 16, 2025 to October 16, 2025
     Sell GBP 65.3M, Buy US$                                             January 3, 2025 to December 5, 2025
     Sell CHF 5.9M, Buy EUR                                              January 16, 2025 to December 11, 2025
     Sell PLN 58.3M, Buy EUR                                             January 16, 2025 to June 12, 2025
     Sell SEK 97.0M, Buy EUR                                             January 16, 2025 to March 13, 2025
     Sell NOK 53.0M, Buy EUR                                             January 16, 2025 to March 13, 2025
     Sell CAD 811.4M, Buy US$                                            January 31, 2025 to September 29, 2025

    For the foreign currency forward contracts held at December 31, 2025, a fair value loss of US$255,017,000 (December 31, 2024:
    fair value gain of US$122,478,000) has been recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in hedging reserve and is
    expected to be reclassified to profit or loss upon maturity.

    During the year, a fair value gain of US$111,162,000 (2024: fair value loss of US$6,875,000) was reclassified from reserves to profit or
    loss upon maturity.

    Foreign Currency Forward Contracts not under Hedge Accounting
    Major terms of the foreign currency forward contracts not under hedge accounting are as follows:

    2025

     Notional amounts in M                                               Maturity

     Buy US$31.2M, Sell AUD                                              January 2, 2026 to December 22, 2026
     Buy US$21.5M, Sell NZD                                              January 15, 2026 to May 18, 2026
     Sell GBP 1.5M, Buy EUR                                              January 15, 2026
     Buy US$6.0M, Sell GBP                                               March 4, 2026

    2024

     Notional amounts in M                                               Maturity

     Buy EUR 2.2M, Sell AUD                                              April 22, 2025 to December 19, 2025
     Buy US$23.0M, Sell AUD                                              January 21, 2025 to December 22, 2025
     Buy US$84.3M, Sell NZD                                              January 21, 2025 to December 23, 2025

                                                                                                Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




30. Bank Balances, Deposits and Cash
      Bank balances carry interest at market rates which ranged from 1.78% to 4.00% (2024: 0.05% to 4.53%) per annum.

31. Trade and Other Payables
      The ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                                                      US$’000              US$’000

      0 to 60 days                                                                                                  1,185,050            1,202,460
      61 to 120 days                                                                                                  560,452              585,127
      121 days or above                                                                                                 58,547               63,270
      Total trade payables                                                                                          1,804,049            1,850,857
      Other payables                                                                                                2,319,135            2,086,767
      Total trade and other payables                                                                                4,123,184            3,937,624
      Non-current portion of other payables                                                                           (103,732)             (87,997)
                                                                                                                    4,019,452            3,849,627

      The credit period on the purchase of goods ranges from 30 days to 120 days (2024: 30 days to 120 days). The Group has financial risk
      management policies in place to ensure that all payables are settled within the credit time frame.

      The other payables mainly represents accruals of various selling, general and administrative expenses of US$2,050,475,000 (2024:
      US$1,884,416,000). The non-current other payables mainly represents accruals for vendors and accruals of long-term incentive benefits
      offered to certain management executives of the Group.

32. Bills Payable
      All the Group’s bills payable at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are aged within 120 days based on invoice date.

33. Warranty Provision
                                                                                                                                           US$’000

      At January 1, 2024                                                                                                                   235,597
      Currency realignment                                                                                                                   (5,022)
      Provision in the year                                                                                                                160,110
      Utilization of provision                                                                                                            (137,933)
      At December 31, 2024                                                                                                                 252,752
      Currency realignment                                                                                                                  11,819
      Provision in the year                                                                                                                161,226
      Utilization of provision                                                                                                            (138,470)
      At December 31, 2025                                                                                                                 287,327

      The warranty provision represents management’s best estimate of the Group’s service commitments arising from products sold, based
      on past claims and industry averages for defective products. It is expected that the majority of this expenditure will be utilized in the next
      financial year.




146   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




34. Lease Liabilities
                                                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                                                                  US$’000             US$’000

    Amounts payable under lease liabilities:
           Within one year                                                                                                        155,024             150,844
           In more than one year but not more than two years                                                                      119,824             133,068
           In more than two years but not more than five years                                                                    218,392             233,130
           More than five years                                                                                                   288,370             316,405
                                                                                                                                  781,610             833,447
    Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under current liabilities                                             (155,024)           (150,844)
    Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current liabilities                                                 626,586             682,603

    The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities ranged from 1.10% to 5.80% (2024: from 1.10% to 5.80%).

35. Discounted Bills with Recourse
    Bills discounted with banks at an effective interest rate of 3.07% per annum (2024: 3.78% per annum) have maturity profiles of less than
    120 days.

36. Capital Risk Management
    The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while maximizing the return
    to shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balances. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior
    years.

    The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt which includes unsecured borrowings and discounted bills with recourse, net of
    cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to Owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital and reserves.

    Gearing Ratio
    The Group’s management reviews the capital structure on a semi-annual basis. As part of this review, the management considers the cost
    of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The Group has a target gearing ratio of not exceeding 35% determined as the
    proportion of net debt to equity. The Group will continue to execute very disciplined control and management of its working capital and
    generate free cash inflows through the growth of the business.

    The gearing ratio at the year end was as follows:

                                                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                                                                  US$’000             US$’000

    Bank balances, deposits and cash                                                                                            1,677,729           1,232,347
    Debt (i)                                                                                                                     (977,323)         (1,276,738)
    Net cash (debt)                                                                                                               700,406             (44,391)
    Equity     (ii)
                                                                                                                                6,958,454           6,363,597
    Net debt to equity ratio                                                                                                      -10.07%               0.70%

    (i)       Debt comprises discounted bills with recourse and unsecured borrowings as detailed in Notes 35 and 38.
    (ii)      Equity includes all capital and reserves attributable to the Owners of the Company.


    In addition, based on management recommendations, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of
    dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.




                                                                                                                  Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




37. Financial Instruments
      37.1 Categories of Financial Instruments
                                                                                         2025        2024
                                                                                       US$’000     US$’000

            Financial assets
            FVTPL
              Financial assets at FVTPL                                                 40,540      31,340
                                                                                        40,540      31,340
            Derivative financial instruments
              Acquisition right of certain property, plant and equipment                 8,800       8,785
              Foreign currency forward contracts – under hedge accounting                7,009     122,243
              Foreign currency forward contracts – not under hedge accounting            1,278       8,712
              Cross-currency interest rate swaps – under hedge accounting                   —        1,178
                                                                                        17,087     140,918
            Financial assets at amortized cost
              Trade and other receivables                                             2,005,331   1,993,138
              Bills receivable                                                          11,009      11,770
              Trade receivables from an associate                                       11,071       6,031
              Bank balances, deposits and cash                                        1,677,729   1,232,347
                                                                                      3,705,140   3,243,286
            Financial liabilities
            Derivative financial instruments
              Foreign currency forward contracts – under hedge accounting               52,973      12,740
              Cross-currency interest rate swaps – under hedge accounting                   —        4,379
                                                                                        52,973      17,119
            Financial liabilities at amortized cost
              Trade and other payables                                                4,123,184   3,937,624
              Bills payable                                                             13,201      21,420
              Discounted bills with recourse                                             2,589       3,238
              Unsecured borrowings                                                     974,734    1,273,500
                                                                                      5,113,708   5,235,782




148   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
    37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies
         The Group’s corporate treasury function provides risk management advice to the business units, co-ordinates access to domestic
         and international financial markets, monitors and manages the financial risks relating to the operations of the Group through
         internal risk reports which analyze exposures by degree and magnitude of risks. These financial risks include market risk (including
         currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

         The Group seeks to minimize the effects of these risks by using derivative financial instruments or natural hedges to mitigate these
         risk exposures. The use of financial derivatives is governed by the Group’s policies approved by the board of directors, which provide
         written principles on foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, the use of financial derivatives and non-derivative financial
         instruments, and the investment of excess liquidity. Compliance with policies is reviewed internally on a continuous basis. The
         Group does not enter into or trade derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.

         37.2.1 FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK MANAGEMENT
               Subsidiaries of the Company have foreign currency sales and purchases, which exposes the Group to foreign currency risk.
               Approximately 23.2% (2024: 22.4%) of the Group’s sales are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of
               the group entity making the sale, whilst 16.9% (2024: 18.7%) of purchases are denominated in the group entity’s respective
               functional currency.

               The carrying amounts of certain significant foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the
               reporting date are as follows:

                                                                                      Liabilities                                        Assets
                                                                                 2025                    2024                     2025                    2024
                                                                               US$’000                 US$’000                  US$’000                 US$’000

               Foreign Currency
               EUR                                                              353,631                299,020                  477,549                 338,768
               US$                                                              444,541                600,267                  717,694                 748,631

               Note: For group entities with their functional currency as the US$, monetary assets and monetary liabilities denominated in HK$ have no material
                     foreign currency risk exposure as the HK$ is pegged with the US$.


               The Group requires its group entities to use foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce the currency exposure. The foreign
               exchange forward contracts must be in the same currency as the hedged item. On this basis, the Group has entered into
               forward contracts in relation to the foreign currency amounting to US$1,504,758,000 (2024: US$599,392,000). It is the
               Group’s policy to negotiate the terms of the hedge derivatives to match the terms of the hedged item to maximize hedge
               effectiveness (see Note 29 for details).

               The Group also uses cross-currency interest rate swaps to reduce currency exposure to hedge against the debts which are
               effective to convert the foreign currency debts to the functional currency of the relevant group entity. The critical terms of
               these currency swaps are similar to those of hedged borrowings.




                                                                                                            Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025              149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
      37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
      37.2.1 FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

            Sensitivity Analysis
            The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2024: 5%) increase and decrease in the functional currency against
            foreign currency. 5% (2024: 5%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management
            personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in the foreign exchange rate. The
            sensitivity analysis includes outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and excludes the effect of cross-currency
            interest rate swaps held at the reporting date. A positive number below indicates an increase in profit for the year where functional
            currency weakens 5% (2024: 5%) against foreign currency. For a 5% (2024: 5%) strengthening of functional currency against the
            foreign currency, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit for the year and the amounts below would be negative.

                                                                                       Impact of US$                                   Impact of EUR
                                                                                     2025                    2024                    2025                    2024
                                                                                   US$’000                 US$’000                 US$’000                 US$’000

            Profit for the year (i)                                                  12,565                   6,841                    5,700                   1,833

            (i)    This is mainly attributable to the net exposure on receivables, payables and unsecured borrowings denominated in US$ & EUR as foreign currency at the
                   reporting date.



      37.2.2 INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT
            The Group’s exposure to interest rates on financial assets and liabilities is detailed in the liquidity risk management section of this
            note. The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate borrowings (see Note 38 for details of these
            borrowings) and bank balances and deposits. The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on SOFR and EURO
            Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) arising from the Group’s US$ and EUR denominated borrowings. In relation to interest bearing
            bank balances and deposits, the Group considers the interest rate risk to be low. The management continuously monitors interest
            rate fluctuations and will consider further hedging the interest rate risk should the need arise.

            The Group is also exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate unsecured borrowings (see Note 38 for details of
            these borrowings), discounted bills with recourse, finance lease receivables and lease liabilities.

            During the year, the Group obtained new unsecured borrowings of US$4,674 million (2024: US$4,452 million) which are either at a
            fixed rate, SOFR, HIBOR, EURIBOR and Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate based. The proceeds were used for refinancing the Group’s
            borrowings.




150   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
    37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
    37.2.2 INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

         Sensitivity analysis
         The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for non-derivative instruments at the end
         of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end of the reporting period
         was outstanding for the whole year without considering the cross-currency interest rate swaps entered at the end of the reporting
         period. A 50 basis points (2024: 50 basis points) increase or decrease in SOFR and EURIBOR is used when reporting interest rate
         risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in
         interest rates.

         If interest rates had been 50 basis points (2024: 50 basis points) higher/lower and all other variables were held constant, the
         Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2025 would decrease/increase by US$891,000 (2024: decrease/increase
         by US$2,201,000). This is mainly attributable to the Group’s exposure to interest rates on its variable-rate borrowings.

         The Group’s sensitivity to interest rates has decreased during the current period mainly due to the decrease in variable-rate debt
         instruments.

    37.2.3 OTHER PRICE RISK
         The Group is exposed to price risk mainly through its listed equity securities.

         Sensitivity analysis
         The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to equity price risks of listed equity securities measured
         at fair value at the reporting date.

         If the prices of the listed equity securities had been 10% higher, the profit before tax for the year ended December 31, 2025 of the
         Group would have increased by US$3,175,000 (2024: increase by US$2,257,000) as a result of the changes in the fair values of the
         listed equity securities.

    37.2.4 CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT AND IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT
         As at December 31, 2025, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss to the Group amounted
         to US$3,708,861,000 (2024: US$3,254,537,000). The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable to trade and other
         receivables, bills receivables, trade receivables from an associate, finance lease receivables and bank balances and deposits. The
         Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risk associated with its financial assets.

         Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers
         In order to minimize the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit
         limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the
         potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers are reviewed
         twice a year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In this
         regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced. In addition, the Group performs
         impairment assessment using an ECL model on trade receivables collectively which are grouped based on shared credit risk
         characteristics by reference to the Group’s internal credit ratings.




                                                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025    151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
      37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
            37.2.4 CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT AND IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT (continued)

                  Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers (continued)
                  The Group has concentration of credit risk as 29.3% (2024: 30.0%) and 39.5% (2024: 43.4%) of the total trade receivables
                  were due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers respectively. In order to minimize the credit risk,
                  the management of Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals.

                  Bank balances and deposits

                  The credit risks on bank balances and deposits are limited because the counterparties are banks/financial institutions with
                  high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.

                  The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

                                                                                                                                              Other financial assets/
                  Internal credit rating        Description                                                     Trade receivables             Other items

                  Minimal risk                  The counterparty has minimal risk of default and                Lifetime ECL –                12m ECL
                                                  does not have any past-due amounts.                              not credit-impaired
                  Low risk                      The counterparty has a low risk of default and                  Lifetime ECL –                12m ECL
                                                  occasionally repays after due dates.                             not credit-impaired
                  Medium risk                   The counterparty has a medium risk of default and               Lifetime ECL –                12m ECL
                                                  occasionally repays after due dates.                             not credit-impaired
                  High risk                     There have been significant increases in credit                 Lifetime ECL –                Lifetime ECL –
                                                  risk since initial recognition through information               not credit-impaired           not credit-impaired
                                                  developed internally or external resources.
                  Loss                          There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-               Lifetime ECL –                Lifetime ECL –
                                                  impaired.                                                        credit-impaired               credit-impaired
                  Write-off                     There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in              Amount is written off         Amount is written off
                                                  severe financial difficulty and the Group has no
                                                  realistic prospect of recovery.

                  The tables below detail the credit risk exposure of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to ECL assessment:

                                                                                                                  2025                               2024
                                                                     Internal                            External           Gross            External          Gross
                                                                       credit     12m or lifetime          credit         carrying             credit        carrying
                                                         Notes         rating       ECL                    rating         amount               rating        amount
                                                                                                                         US$’000                            US$’000
                  Trade receivables                        26       (Note 1)      Lifetime ECL                 N/A     2,021,181                  N/A     1,956,129
                                                                                     (not credit-
                                                                                     impaired)
                  Other receivables                        26       (Note 2)      12m ECL                      N/A         69,133                 N/A        109,007
                  Bills receivable                         27             N/A     12m ECL              A+ To AA-           11,009           A To AA-          11,770
                  Trade receivables from                   28       (Note 2)      12m ECL                      N/A         11,071                 N/A           6,031
                    an associate
                  Finance lease receivables                23       (Note 2)      12m ECL                      N/A           3,721                N/A         11,251
                  Bank balances and deposits               30             N/A     12m ECL                A To AA-      1,677,729            A To AA-      1,232,347

                  Notes:
                  1.       For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. The Group
                           determines the ECL on these items by using a collective assessment grouped by internal credit rating.
                  2.       Trade receivables from an associate, finance lease receivables and other receivables amounted to US$11,071,000, US$3,721,000 and
                           US$69,133,000 (2024: US$6,031,000, US$11,251,000 and US$109,007,000) respectively have no fixed repayment terms. The Group has
                           assessed these balances on a 12m ECL basis as there has been no significant increase in the credit risk since initial recognition.




152   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
    37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
         37.2.4 CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT AND IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT (continued)
             As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers in relation to its
             operations. The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and ECL for trade receivables which are
             assessed collectively as at December 31, 2025.

                                                             2025                                                 2024
                                                                Gross       Allowances                                Gross      Allowances
                                            Average           carrying               for          Average           carrying               for
                                            loss rate         amount       credit losses          loss rate         amount      credit losses
                                                             US$’000           US$’000                             US$’000          US$’000
             Internal credit rating
             Minimal risk              Less than 1%           211,653                —       Less than 1%          271,155                 —
             Low risk                           1-5%       1,702,304            42,094               1-5%        1,601,554            29,031
             Medium risk                      6-20%            64,133             5,474             6-20%           38,088             4,519
             High risk                     Over 20%            43,091           37,415           Over 20%           45,332           38,448
                                                           2,021,181            84,983                           1,956,129            71,998

             The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the debtors and
             forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management
             to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is updated.

             As at December 31, 2025, the Group provided US$84,983,000 (2024: US$71,998,000) for credit losses allowances for trade
             receivables.

             The Group writes off trade receivables when there is information indicating that the debtors are in severe financial difficulties
             and there is no realistic prospect of recovery.

             The following table shows the movement in the lifetime ECL that has been recognized for trade receivables under the
             simplified approach.

                                                                                                                               Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                                       (not credit-impaired)
                                                                                                                                    US$’000
             As at January 1, 2024                                                                                                    57,848
             Currency realignment                                                                                                        (984)
             Impairment losses reversed upon settlement in full of trade debtors with a gross carrying amount of
               US$1,421,281,000                                                                                                      (40,170)
             Impairment losses recognized on new trade receivables with a gross carrying amount of
               US$1,684,974,000                                                                                                       71,998
             Write-offs                                                                                                              (16,694)
             As at December 31, 2024                                                                                                  71,998
             Currency realignment                                                                                                      2,279
             Impairment losses reversed upon settlement in full of trade debtors with a gross carrying amount of
               US$1,672,170,000                                                                                                      (61,473)
             Impairment losses recognized on new trade receivables with a gross carrying amount of
               US$1,809,528,000                                                                                                      84,983
             Write-offs                                                                                                              (12,804)
             As at December 31, 2025                                                                                                 84,983




                                                                                              Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
      37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
            37.2.5 LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT
                  Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the board of directors, which has built an appropriate
                  liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium and long-term funding and liquidity
                  management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and
                  reserve borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of
                  financial assets and liabilities.

                  As at December 31, 2025, the Group has available unutilized overdrafts facilities and short and medium term bank loan
                  facilities of approximately US$405 million (2024: US$285 million) and US$5,566 million (2024: US$4,608 million)
                  respectively.

                  Liquidity Tables
                  The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and derivative instruments.
                  The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flow of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on
                  which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for non-derivative financial liabilities are based on agreed
                  repayment dates. The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that the interest flows are floating
                  rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from the interest rate curve at the end of the reporting period.

                  In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial instruments. The tables have
                  been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual net cash inflows and (outflows) on derivative instruments that settle
                  on a net basis, and the undiscounted gross inflows and (outflows) on those derivatives that require gross settlement. When
                  the amount payable is not fixed, the amount disclosed has been determined by reference to the foreign currency exchange
                  rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period. The liquidity analysis for the Group’s derivative financial instruments are
                  prepared based on the contractual maturities/settlement as the management considers that the contractual maturities are
                  essential for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows of derivatives.




154   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
    37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
         37.2.5 LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

              Liquidity Tables (continued)

                                                                                                                                                                        Total
                                                                Weighted                                                                                             carrying
                                                                  average      Less than                                                                Total      amount at
                                                                 effective      1 month/        1-3      4 months-                              undiscounted    December 31,
                                                             interest rate    on demand      months         1 year      1-2 years   2+ years       cash flows           2025
                                                                        %       US$’000     US$’000       US$’000       US$’000     US$’000         US$’000         US$’000

              2025
              Non-derivative financial liabilities
                Trade and other payables                               —      (2,851,665)   (825,617)    (342,170)       (75,288)    (28,444)     (4,123,184)     (4,123,184)
                Bills payable                                          —          (1,188)     (5,630)       (6,383)           —           —          (13,201)        (13,201)
                Lease liabilities                          1.10% – 5.80%        (12,919)     (25,986)    (119,276)      (123,958)   (541,729)       (823,868)       (781,610)
                Discounted bills with recourse                     3.07%           (936)      (1,661)          —              —           —           (2,597)         (2,589)
                Unsecured borrowings                       0.73% – 4.86%        (95,286)    (127,089)    (125,861)      (301,183)   (355,497)     (1,004,916)       (974,734)
                Refund liabilities from right of return                —        (14,146)          —       (11,007)            —           —          (25,153)        (25,153)
                                                                              (2,976,140)   (985,983)    (604,697)      (500,429)   (925,670)     (5,992,919)     (5,920,471)

              2025
              Derivatives – net settlement
                Acquisition right of certain property,
                  plant and equipment                                  —              —           —             —             —        8,800           8,800           8,800
                Foreign currency forward contracts – US$               —           (101)        (255)       1,287             —           —              931             931
                                                                                   (101)        (255)       1,287             —        8,800           9,731           9,731

              Derivatives – gross settlement
                Foreign currency forward contracts
                  – inflow
                     – EUR                                             —         15,895      38,568        45,558             —           —         100,021          100,021
                     – GBP                                             —             —       19,950        49,775             —           —           69,725          69,725
                     – US$                                             —        150,632     246,894     1,073,314       510,754           —       1,981,594        1,981,594
                     – AUD                                             —          2,594        5,187       23,393            —            —           31,174          31,174
                     – NZD                                             —          4,485        7,958        8,934             —           —           21,377          21,377
                                                                                173,606     318,557     1,200,974       510,754           —        2,203,891       2,203,891
                  – outflow
                     – EUR                                             —        (16,024)     (38,860)     (45,693)            —           —         (100,577)       (100,577)
                     – GBP                                             —             —       (20,211)     (50,486)            —           —          (70,697)        (70,697)
                     – US$                                             —       (156,136)    (255,015)   (1,107,601)     (508,202)         —       (2,026,954)     (2,026,954)
                     – AUD                                             —          (2,605)     (5,210)     (23,443)            —           —          (31,258)        (31,258)
                     – NZD                                             —          (4,212)     (7,448)       (8,362)           —           —          (20,022)        (20,022)
                                                                               (178,977)    (326,744)   (1,235,585)     (508,202)         —       (2,249,508)     (2,249,508)
                                                                                  (5,371)     (8,187)     (34,611)         2,552          —          (45,617)        (45,617)




                                                                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025           155
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
      37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
            37.2.5 LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

                  Liquidity Tables (continued)

                                                                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                   Weighted                                                                                              carrying
                                                                     average     Less than                                                                  Total      amount at
                                                                    effective     1 month/          1-3      4 months-                              undiscounted    December 31,
                                                                interest rate   on demand        months         1 year    1-2 years     2+ years       cash flows          2024
                                                                           %      US$’000       US$’000       US$’000     US$’000       US$’000         US$’000         US$’000

                  2024
                  Non-derivative financial liabilities
                    Trade and other payables                              —     (2,708,222)    (922,373)     (219,031)     (56,127)     (31,871)      (3,937,624)     (3,937,624)
                    Bills payable                                         —         (2,678)       (9,713)       (9,029)         —            —           (21,420)        (21,420)
                    Lease liabilities                          1.10%-5.80%        (12,570)      (25,285)     (116,060)    (137,659)    (587,453)        (879,027)       (833,447)
                    Discounted bills with recourse                   3.78%           (116)        (3,142)          —            —            —            (3,258)         (3,238)
                    Unsecured borrowings                       0.73%-5.56%       (255,000)     (137,718)     (120,630)    (277,948)    (525,260)      (1,316,556)     (1,273,500)
                    Refund liabilities from right of return              —        (13,833)           —          (9,521)         —            —           (23,354)        (23,354)
                                                                                (2,992,419)   (1,098,231)    (474,271)    (471,734)   (1,144,584)     (6,181,239)     (6,092,583)

                  2024
                  Derivatives – net settlement
                    Acquisition right of certain property,
                      plant and equipment                                 —             —             —             —           —         8,785            8,785           8,785
                    Cross-currency interest rate
                      swaps contracts                                     —           178           315         (3,787)         —             —           (3,294)         (3,201)
                    Foreign currency forward contracts – US$              —            —          9,927        22,621           —             —           32,548          32,548
                                                                                      178        10,242        18,834           —         8,785           38,039          38,132

                  Derivatives – gross settlement
                    Foreign currency forward contracts
                       – inflow
                         – EUR                                            —        18,810        36,725        89,068           —             —         144,603          144,603
                         – GBP                                            —         9,374        12,378        62,780           —             —           84,532          84,532
                         – US$                                            —       138,856       224,731       949,940           —             —       1,313,527        1,313,527
                         – AUD                                            —           995         3,980        20,253           —             —           25,228          25,228
                         – NZD                                            —         6,703        15,583        61,144           —             —           83,430          83,430
                                                                                  174,738       293,397     1,183,185           —             —       1,651,320        1,651,320
                       – outflow
                         – EUR                                            —       (19,135)      (37,357)      (90,772)          —             —         (147,264)       (147,264)
                         – GBP                                            —         (9,172)     (12,105)      (60,540)          —             —          (81,817)        (81,817)
                         – US$                                            —      (129,419)     (209,393)     (897,735)          —             —       (1,236,547)     (1,236,547)
                         – AUD                                            —          (907)        (3,634)     (18,627)          —             —          (23,168)        (23,168)
                         – NZD                                            —         (6,157)     (14,298)      (56,402)          —             —          (76,857)        (76,857)
                                                                                 (164,790)     (276,787)    (1,124,076)         —             —       (1,565,653)     (1,565,653)
                                                                                    9,948        16,610        59,109           —             —           85,667          85,667

                  Note: Maturities are based on the management’s estimation of the expected realization of these financial assets.


                  The amount included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial liabilities is subject to change if
                  changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rate determined at the end of the reporting period.

156   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
    37.3 Fair Value
         The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows:

         •     the fair value of foreign currency forward contracts are measured using quoted forward exchange rates and yield curves
               derived from quoted interest rates matching the maturities of the contract;

         •     the fair value of cross-currency interest rate swaps is measured by the present value of future cash flows estimated and
               discounted based on the applicable yield curves derived from quoted interest rates and foreign exchange rates between US$
               and EUR, which is observable at the end of the reporting period;

         •     the fair value of financial assets with standard terms and conditions and traded on active liquid markets are determined with
               reference to quoted market bid prices or latest purchase/transaction prices; and

         •     the fair value of other financial assets and financial liabilities (excluding derivative instruments) are determined in accordance
               with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis using prices from observable current market
               transactions.

         FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS RECOGNIZED IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
         Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured on a recurring basis.

         Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
         following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in
         particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value
         measurements are categorized (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are
         observable.

         •     Level 1: fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
               liabilities;

         •     Level 2: fair value measurements are those derived from inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are
               observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and

         •     Level 3: fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is
               significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable (significant inputs).




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025    157
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
      37.3 Fair Value (continued)
            FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS RECOGNIZED IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
            Financial assets/                                                                 Fair value
            financial liabilities                    Fair value as at December 31,            hierarchy    Valuation techniques and key inputs

                                                              2025                    2024

            1)   Acquisition right of certain          Acquisition             Acquisition      Level 2    Measured at the fair value of the
                   property, plant and             right of certain        right of certain                 land and buildings associated
                   equipment classified            property, plant     property, plant and                  with the acquisition right which is
                   as derivative financial        and equipment:              equipment:                    based on a valuation by third party
                   instruments in the              US$8,800,000            US$8,785,000                     independent valuer at the end of
                   consolidated statement                                                                   the financial year.
                   of financial position



            2)   Foreign currency forward                Assets –               Assets –        Level 2    Discounted cash flow
                   contracts classified           US$8,287,000;        US$130,955,000;                     Future cash flows are estimated
                   as derivative financial        and Liabilities –      and Liabilities –                   based on forward exchange
                   instruments in the             US$52,973,000         US$12,740,000                        rates (from observable forward
                   consolidated statement                                                                    exchange rates and yield curves
                   of financial position                                                                     at the end of the reporting
                                                                                                             period) and contracted forward
                                                                                                             rates, discounted at a rate that
                                                                                                             reflects the credit risk of various
                                                                                                             counterparties.



            3)   Listed equity securities          Listed shares:          Listed shares:       Level 1    Quoted bid prices in an active market.
                    classified as financial       US$31,750,000          US$22,571,000
                    assets at FVTPL in the
                    consolidated statement
                    of financial position



            4)   Other major financial assets    Club membership        Club membership         Level 2    The fair value was arrived at with
                   classified as financial            debentures:            debentures:                     reference to recent transaction
                   assets at FVTPL in the           US$4,945,000           US$4,924,000                      prices for similar comparables with
                   consolidated statement                                                                    similar characteristics.
                   of financial position


            5)   Cross-currency interest                 Assets –                Assets –       Level 2    Measured at the present value
                   rate swaps classified                        Nil;      US$1,178,000;                     of future cash flows estimated
                   as derivative financial        and Liabilities –       and Liabilities –                 and discounted based on the
                   instruments in the                           Nil        US$4,379,000                     applicable yield curves derived
                   consolidated statement                                                                   from quoted interest rates and
                   of financial position                                                                    foreign exchange rates between
                                                                                                            US$ and EUR, which is observable
                                                                                                            at the end of the reporting period.




158   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
    37.3 Fair Value (continued)
         FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS RECOGNIZED IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)

                                                                                                   Level 1           Level 2             Total
                                                                                                  US$’000           US$’000           US$’000

         2025
         Financial assets
         Acquisition right of certain property, plant and equipment                                      —              8,800             8,800
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                              —              8,287             8,287
         Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                  31,750              8,790           40,540
         Total                                                                                      31,750            25,877            57,627
         Financial liabilities
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                              —           (52,973)          (52,973)
         Total                                                                                           —           (52,973)          (52,973)

         2024
         Financial assets
         Acquisition right of certain property, plant and equipment                                      —              8,785             8,785
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                              —           130,955           130,955
         Cross-currency interest rate swaps                                                              —              1,178             1,178
         Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                  22,571              8,769           31,340
         Total                                                                                      22,571           149,687           172,258
         Financial liabilities
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                              —           (12,740)          (12,740)
         Cross-currency interest rate swaps                                                              —             (4,379)           (4,379)
         Total                                                                                           —           (17,119)          (17,119)


    37.4 Transfers of financial assets
         The following were the Group’s financial assets as at December 31, 2025 that were transferred to banks by discounting those trade
         and bills receivables on a full recourse basis. As the Group retained substantially all of the significant risks and rewards relating to
         these receivables, it continues to recognize the full carrying amount of the receivables and has recognized the cash received on
         the transfer as discounted bills with recourse (see Note 35) and unsecured borrowings – due within one year (see Note 38). These
         financial assets are carried at amortized cost in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.

         The trade and bills receivables discounted with banks with full recourse at the year end was as follows:

                                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                                  US$’000              US$’000

         Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                                       2,589                3,238
         Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                                  (2,589)              (3,238)
         Net position                                                                                                    —                   —

         The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of the discounted bills and unsecured borrowings approximate
         their fair values.




                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     159
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




38. Unsecured Borrowings
                                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                                     US$’000              US$’000

      Bank loans                                                                                                      579,390           1,013,620
      Medium term notes                                                                                               395,344             259,880
      Total borrowings                                                                                                974,734           1,273,500

      The borrowings of the Group are repayable as follows:

                                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                                     US$’000              US$’000

      Fixed-rate
      Within one year                                                                                                 241,800             151,374
      In more than one year but not more than two years                                                               205,082             241,572
      In more than two years but not more than five years                                                             159,125             307,146
      More than five years                                                                                            177,552              99,149


      Variable-rate
      Within one year                                                                                                 103,263             358,476
      In more than one year but not more than two years                                                                87,912              27,901
      In more than two years but not more than five years                                                                  —               87,882
                                                                                                                      974,734           1,273,500
      Less: Amount due within one year shown under current liabilities                                               (345,063)           (509,850)
      Amount due after one year                                                                                       629,671             763,650

      The ranges of effective interest rates per annum (which are also equal to contracted interest rates) on the Group’s borrowings are as
      follows:

                                                                                                                         2025                 2024

      Effective interest rate:
        Fixed-rate borrowings                                                                                 0.73% to 3.66%      0.73% to 3.66%
        Variable-rate borrowings                                                                              1.18% to 4.86%      0.93% to 5.56%

      The Group’s borrowings that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant group entities are set out
      below:

                                                                                                                                          US$’000

      As at December 31, 2025                                                                                                             186,737

      As at December 31, 2024                                                                                                             178,181

      The carrying amount of unsecured borrowings approximates their fair value as the weighted average interest rates approximate the
      contracted market rates.

      Loan covenants
      In respect of bank borrowings with carrying amount of US$629,671,000 as at December 31, 2025 (2024: US$763,650,000), the Group is
      required to comply with certain financial ratios linked to the consolidated profit and loss in respect of that relevant period which are tested
      on a half yearly basis. The Group has complied with the relevant covenants at each test date on or before the end of the reporting period
      and classified the related bank loans balances as non-current.




160   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




39. Share Capital
                                                                      2025                 2024                  2025                  2024
                                                           Number of shares     Number of shares               US$’000               US$’000

    Ordinary shares
    Issued and fully paid:
      At the beginning of the year                           1,832,304,941         1,834,317,941               689,684               685,392
      Issue of shares upon exercise of share options                405,000               987,000                   2,203               4,292
      Buy-back of shares                                         (3,500,000)           (3,000,000)                     —                   —
    At the end of the year                                   1,829,209,941         1,832,304,941               691,887               689,684

    Details of the share options are set out in Note 44.

    During 2025, the Company bought back and cancelled its own shares through the Stock Exchange as follows:


                                                                                                                                   Aggregate
                                                             No. of ordinary                     Price per share                consideration
                                                                      shares              Highest                  Lowest                paid
    Month of buy-back                                                                        HK$                     HK$            US$’000

    March 2025                                                      750,000                106.20                  101.00              10,013
    June 2025                                                       500,000                 87.60                   83.55               5,507
    August 2025                                                     500,000                101.60                   99.50               6,488
    November 2025                                                 1,000,000                 87.25                   84.00              10,994
    December 2025                                                   750,000                 91.20                   89.35               8,726
                                                                  3,500,000                                                            41,728

    The consideration paid on the buy-back of the shares of approximately US$41,728,000 was charged to retained profits in 2025.

    During 2024, the Company bought back and cancelled its own shares through the Stock Exchange as follows:


                                                                                                                                   Aggregate
                                                              No. of ordinary                    Price per share                consideration
                                                                       shares              Highest                 Lowest                paid
    Month of buy-back                                                                         HK$                    HK$            US$’000

    January 2024                                                    500,000                 88.00                   86.00               5,629
    May 2024                                                      1,000,000                105.00                   99.20              13,147
    June 2024                                                     1,000,000                 97.70                   91.55              12,184
    July 2024                                                       250,000                 89.35                   88.55               2,870
    October 2024                                                    250,000                116.20                  113.40               3,691
                                                                  3,000,000                                                            37,521

    The consideration paid on the buy-back of the shares of approximately US$37,521,000 was charged to retained profits in 2024.




                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   161
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




40. Reserves
                                                                                 Employee
                                                           Shares held for     share-based
                                                             share award     compensation         Hedging         Retained
                                                                  scheme            reserve        reserve          profits             Total
                                                                 US$’000          US$’000        US$’000           US$’000           US$’000

      The Company
      At January 1, 2024                                          (73,931)         80,112            2,274      22,156,409       22,164,864
      Loss for the year                                                —               —                —         (200,642)          (200,642)
      Fair value gain on foreign currency forward
        contracts and cross-currency interest rate swaps
        in hedge accounting                                            —                  —        71,506                —            71,506
      Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                   —                  —        71,506         (200,642)          (129,136)
      Shares issued on exercise of options                             —               (867)            —                —               (867)
      Buy-back and cancellation of shares                              —                 —              —           (37,521)          (37,521)
      Vesting of awarded shares                                     7,973             (7,973)           —                —                 —
      Shares for share award scheme                               (39,448)                —             —                —            (39,448)
      Recognition of share-based payments                              —           58,811               —                —            58,811
      Lapse of share options                                           —               (149)            —               149               —
      Final dividend – 2023                                            —                 —              —         (231,392)          (231,392)
      Interim dividend – 2024                                          —                  —             —         (254,711)          (254,711)
      At December 31, 2024                                      (105,406)         129,934          73,780       21,432,292       21,530,600

      Loss for the year                                                —                  —             —           (12,259)          (12,259)
      Fair value loss on foreign currency forward
        contracts and cross-currency interest rate swaps
        in hedge accounting                                            —                  —      (119,140)               —           (119,140)
      Total comprehensive loss for the year                            —                  —      (119,140)          (12,259)         (131,399)
      Shares issued on exercise of options                             —               (435)            —                —               (435)
      Buy-back and cancellation of shares                              —                 —              —           (41,728)          (41,728)
      Vesting of awarded shares                                   77,189           (77,189)             —                —                 —
      Shares for share award scheme                               (48,879)              —               —                —            (48,879)
      Recognition of share-based payments                              —           39,310               —                —            39,310
      Final dividend – 2024                                            —               —                —         (278,154)          (278,154)
      Interim dividend – 2025                                          —                  —             —         (294,497)          (294,497)
      At December 31, 2025                                        (77,096)         91,620         (45,360)      20,805,654       20,774,818

      As at December 31, 2025, the Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders comprised the retained profits of
      US$20,805,654,000 (2024: US$21,432,292,000).




162   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




41. Retirement Benefit Obligations
    Defined Contribution Plans:
    The Group operating in Hong Kong have participated in the MPF Schemes registered under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
    Ordinance since December 2000. The assets of the MPF Schemes are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control
    of trustees. The Group contributes 5% of relevant payroll cost to the MPF Schemes with a maximum amount of HK$18,000 (2024:
    HK$18,000) per employee per annum, which contribution is matched by the employee.

    The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) are members of a state-managed retirement benefit
    scheme operated by the PRC government. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a specified percentage of payroll costs to the
    retirement benefit scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make
    the specified contributions.

    The Group’s overseas subsidiaries operate a number of defined contribution schemes. Contributions to the defined contribution schemes
    applicable to each year are made at a certain percentage of the employees’ payroll.

    The total expense recognized in profit or loss of US$47,333,000 (2024: US$39,129,000) represents contributions payable to these plans
    by the Group at rates specified in the rules of the plans.

    Defined Benefit Plans:
    The Group operates several defined benefit plans for qualifying employees of its subsidiaries in Germany and the United States of America
    (“US”), of which these plans cover substantially all remaining employees that are not covered by defined contribution plans. The defined
    benefit plans are administered by separate funds that are legally separated from the Group. The board of the pension fund is composed
    of an equal number of representatives from both employers and (former) employees. The board of the pension fund is required by law and
    by its articles of association to act in the interest of the fund and of all relevant stakeholders in the scheme, i.e. active employees, inactive
    employees, retirees, employers. The board of the pension fund is responsible for the investment policy with regard to the assets of the
    fund. The major defined benefit plans are as follows:

                                                                                                                                        2025                     2024
                                                                                                                                      US$’000                  US$’000

    Pension plan obligations (Note i)                                                                                                   44,569                   42,499
    Life and medical insurance plan (Note ii)                                                                                                103                     102
    Others                                                                                                                                1,041                      969
                                                                                                                                        45,713                   43,570

    Note i: Pension plan obligations
           The pension plan obligations are provided in the German operations and includes an unfunded plan that pays retirement benefits based on the term of service
           and final pay. In general, the benefit plans were closed to new members at the end of 1995. Under the plan, the qualifying employees are entitled to retirement
           benefits varying between 10% and 20% of final salary (based on the average of the last three years) on attainment of a retirement age of 65. The most recent
           actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined benefit obligations were carried out on January 1, 2026, by BDO AG Wirtschaftsprufungsgesellschaft, an
           independent valuer not related to the Group.
    Note ii: Life and medical insurance plan
           Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation, a subsidiary of the Group in the US, operates unfunded life insurance plans. The most recent actuarial valuations of the
           present value of the obligations were carried out on December 31, 2025 by Willis Towers Watson, an independent valuer not related to the Group.




                                                                                                                  Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025             163
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




41. Retirement Benefit Obligations (continued)
      Defined Benefit Plans: (continued)
      The plans in Germany and the US expose the Group to actuarial risks such as investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk and salary
      risk.

      Investment risk         The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate determined by reference
                              to high quality corporate bond yields; if the return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit.
      Interest rate risk      A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however, this will be partially offset by an
                              increase in the return on the plan’s debt investments.
      Longevity risk          The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the
                              mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the
                              plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
      Salary risk             The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan
                              participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.

      The risk relating to benefits to be paid to the dependents of plan members (widow and orphan benefits) is reinsured by an external
      insurance company.

      The main actuarial assumptions used were as follows:

                                                                                             Pension plan              Life & medical insurance plan
                                                                                             2025             2024              2025                2024

      Discount rate                                                                         3.95%            3.45%             5.19%            4.84%
      Expected rate of salary increases                                                     2.00%            2.00%                N/A                N/A
      Future pension increases                                                              2.00%            2.00%                N/A                N/A
      Medical cost trend rates                                                                N/A               N/A            5.00%            5.00%

      The effect of an increase of one percentage point in the assumed medical cost trend rate on the aggregate of the current service cost and
      interest cost; and the accumulated post-employment benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                             Pension plan              Life & medical insurance plan
                                                                                           2025             2024              2025             2024
                                                                                         US$’000          US$’000           US$’000          US$’000

      Current service cost and interest cost                                                  N/A               N/A                —                   3
      Accumulated post-employment benefit obligations for medical costs                       N/A               N/A                  6                56

      Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income in respect of the defined benefit plans are as follows:

                                                                                             Pension plan              Life & medical Insurance plan
                                                                                           2025             2024              2025             2024
                                                                                         US$’000          US$’000           US$’000          US$’000

      Service cost:
      Current service cost                                                                    448              308                 —                  —
      Net interest expense on defined benefit liabilities                                   1,524            1,736                   5                 2
      Components of defined benefit costs recognized in profit or loss                      1,972            2,044                   5                 2

      Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability:
      Actuarial (gains) losses arising from changes in financial assumptions               (1,626)             (495)                 7                49
      Components of defined benefit costs recognized in
        other comprehensive income                                                         (1,626)             (495)                 7                49
      Total                                                                                   346            1,549                 12                 51

      The charge for the year has been included in staff costs.


164   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




41. Retirement Benefit Obligations (continued)
    Defined Benefit Plans: (continued)
    The amount included in the consolidated statement of financial position arising from the Group’s obligation in respect of the major defined
    benefit plans is as follows:

                                                                                          Pension plan             Life & medical insurance plan
                                                                                       2025             2024             2025             2024
                                                                                     US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000

    Present value of unfunded obligations                                              44,569            42,499              103             102

    Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations in the current year in respect of major defined benefit plans were as
    follows:

                                                                                          Pension plan             Life & medical insurance plan
                                                                                       2025             2024             2025             2024
                                                                                     US$’000          US$’000          US$’000          US$’000

    At January 1                                                                       42,499            47,015              102              57
    Exchange realignment                                                                 5,267           (2,846)              —               —
    Current service cost                                                                   448             308                —                —
    Actuarial (gains) losses                                                            (1,626)            (495)               7              49
    Interest cost                                                                        1,524            1,736                5                   2
    Benefit paid                                                                        (3,543)          (3,219)             (11)              (6)
    At December 31                                                                     44,569            42,499              103             102

    The significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined obligation is the discount rate. If the discount rate is 100 basis
    points higher (lower), the effect on defined benefit obligation would be immaterial.

    Obligation to pay LSP under Hong Kong Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57)
    For the Company and several subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong, pursuant to the Employment Ordinance, Chapter 57, the Group
    has the obligation to pay LSP to qualifying employees in Hong Kong under certain circumstances (e.g. dismissal by employers or upon
    retirement), subject to a minimum of 5 years employment period, based on the following formula:

    Last monthly wages (before termination of employment) × 2/3 × Years of service

    Last monthly wages are capped at HK$22,500 while the amount of long service payment shall not exceed HK$390,000. This obligation
    is accounted for as a post-employment defined benefit plan. Furthermore, the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance passed in
    1995 permitted the Group to utilise the Group’s mandatory MPF contributions, plus/minus any positive/negative returns thereof, for the
    purpose of offsetting the LSP payable to an employee (the “Offsetting Arrangement’).

    The Amendment Ordinance was gazetted on June 17, 2022, which abolished the use of the accrued benefits derived from employers’
    mandatory MPF contributions to offset the LSP. The Abolition will officially take effect on the Transition Date (i.e., May 1, 2025).
    Separately, the Government of the HKSAR is also expected to introduce a subsidy scheme to assist employers for a period of 25 years
    after the Transition Date on the LSP payable by employers up to a certain amount per employee per year.

    Under the Amendment Ordinance, the Group’s mandatory MPF contributions, plus/minus any positive/negative returns, after the
    Transition Date can continue to be applied to offset the pre-Transition Date LSP obligation but are not eligible to offset the post-Transition
    Date LSP obligation. On the other hand, the accrued benefits derived from the Group’s voluntary contributions made pre-, on or
    post-transition can continue to be used to offset pre – and post-transition LSP. Furthermore, the LSP obligation before the Transition Date
    will be grandfathered and calculated based on the Last monthly wages immediately preceding the Transition Date and the years of service
    up to that date.




                                                                                                  Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025     165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




42. Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities)
      The following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized and movements thereon during the current and prior year:

                                              Accelerated                     Employee
                                                       tax      Warranty         related          Tax      Inventory
                                              depreciation      provision      provision       losses      provision         Others          Total
                                                 US$’000        US$’000        US$’000       US$’000        US$’000         US$’000       US$’000
      At January 1, 2024                         (136,127)        37,075        78,010         71,647        (73,133)        59,613        37,085
      Currency realignment                            (113)         (706)        (1,018)           (31)          (849)       (2,212)        (4,929)
      Charge to hedging reserve                         —             —              —              —              —         (9,100)        (9,100)
      Credit (charge) to profit or loss            13,808          4,960        12,611        (26,316)       (14,158)        16,470          7,375
      Change in tax rates                             850             —            (325)           —              (66)            (291)        168
      Charge to other comprehensive income             —               —         (1,307)            —              —                —       (1,307)
      At December 31, 2024                       (121,582)        41,329        87,971         45,300        (88,206)        64,480        29,292

      Currency realignment                              71           896            876             (8)          637          3,420          5,892
      Credit to hedging reserve                         —             —              —              —             —           8,374          8,374
      (Charge) credit to profit or loss           (23,401)         3,813        14,316         42,727         (5,989)       (21,039)       10,427
      Change in tax rates                           (1,281)         (444)          (616)           —           1,591         (1,635)        (2,385)
      Charge to other comprehensive income              —             —            (106)            —             —              —            (106)
      At December 31, 2025                       (146,193)        45,594       102,441         88,019        (91,967)        53,600        51,494

      For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been
      offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                                     US$’000              US$’000

      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                82,521            59,330
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                         (31,027)           (30,038)
                                                                                                                         51,494            29,292

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unused tax losses of US$4,272 million (2024: US$4,640 million) available for offset
      against future taxable profits. Of the US$4,272 million of unused losses approximately US$443 million expire over the next 3 to 12 years
      with the remaining loss carry forwards having no useful life limitation. No deferred tax asset has been recognized in respect of tax losses of
      US$3,914 million (2024: US$4,445 million) due to the lack of probable future taxable profits.

      In respect of all unrepatriated foreign earnings, TTI has provided deferred taxes of US$28 million (2024: US$22 million) as these
      unrepatriated foreign earnings are not considered permanently reinvested.

43. Guarantees
      The Company has given guarantees to banks in respect of general facilities granted to its subsidiaries. The extent of such facilities utilized
      by the subsidiaries as at December 31, 2025 amounted to US$23,156,000 (2024: US$64,582,000).




166   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




44. Share Options
   Share Option Schemes
   The Company has two share option schemes in place – Scheme D and Scheme E. Scheme D was adopted on May 29, 2007 and expired
   on May 28, 2017, though its provisions shall remain in full force and effect in all other respects. Following the expiry of Scheme D, Scheme
   E was adopted on May 19, 2017 and subsequently amended and restated on May 12, 2023 (“Scheme E Amendment Date”) will expire on
   May 18, 2027.

   Both Scheme D and Scheme E are aimed for recognition of the contribution to the development and growth of the Group by the eligible
   persons. Below is the summary of the principal terms of Scheme D:

   The Board of Directors of the Company may grant share options to the following eligible persons (and their wholly owned companies) of
   the Company, its subsidiaries and any companies in which the Group holds any equity interest, to subscribe for shares in the Company:

   (i)     employees; or

   (ii)    Directors; or

   (iii)   secondees; or

   (iv)    any shareholders of any member of the Group or invested entity or controlling shareholders or any holders of any securities issued
           by any member of the Group; or

   (v)     business partners; or

   (vi)    suppliers; or

   (vii)   customers; or

   (viii) advisers of the Group.

   Share options granted must be taken up within 21 days of the date of grant, upon payment of consideration to be determined by the
   Board for the grant thereof. Share options may be exercised at any time, subject to vesting conditions, from the date of grant to the
   tenth anniversary thereof. The subscription price is set at the highest of: the closing price of the shares on the date of offer of the share
   option or the average closing price of shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five trading days
   immediately preceding the date of offer.

   The maximum number of shares in respect of which share options may be granted under Scheme D is not permitted to exceed 30.0% of
   the issued share capital of the Company from time to time or 10.0% of the shares in issue as at the adoption date of Scheme D. No person
   shall be granted an option which exceeds 1.0% of the shares in issue as at the date of offer in any 12-month period up to the date thereof.

   Options may be exercised at any time immediately after vesting on each of the first and, depending on the vesting conditions, second
   and third anniversary of the relevant date of grant of the share option to the tenth anniversary of such date of grant. The exercise price is
   determined by the Directors of the Company, and will not be less than the higher of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on the
   date of grant; and (ii) the average closing price of the shares for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant.

   In view of the amendments to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules relating to share schemes of listed issuers effective from January 1, 2023,
   the scheme rules of Scheme E were amended and restated to ensure full compliance with the latest regulatory requirements.




                                                                                                  Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025    167
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




44. Share Options (continued)
      Share Option Schemes (continued)
      The following tables disclose movements in the Company’s share options during the year:

      2025

                                  Date of share Share option   Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Lapsed    Outstanding
                                       options      scheme     at beginning      during      during     during      at end of   Subscription
      Share option holders             granted     category      of the year   the year    the year   the year       the year          price             Exercise period
                                                                                                                                        HK$
      Directors
      Mr Horst Julius Pudwill      22.12.2020             E        23,500           —           —          —         23,500        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                   30.12.2021             E        32,000           —           —          —         32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                    22.8.2023             E       750,000           —           —          —        750,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                     8.8.2024             E       250,000           —           —          —        250,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
                                    16.4.2025             E            —       250,000          —          —        250,000         74.900      16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035
      Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill      11.9.2015             D       250,000           —     (250,000)        —             —          29.650      11.9.2016 – 10.9.2025
                                    17.3.2017             D       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                    14.3.2018             E       250,000           —           —          —        250,000         47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                    20.5.2019             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                    15.5.2020             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         65.250      15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                   22.12.2020             E     2,000,000           —           —          —      2,000,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                   30.12.2021             E     1,000,000           —           —          —      1,000,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                    22.8.2023             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                     8.8.2024             E       150,000           —           —          —        150,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
                                    16.4.2025             E            —       150,000          —          —        150,000         74.900      16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035
      Mr Steven Philip Richman      19.8.2024             E        400,000          —           —          —        400,000        103.400      19.8.2025 – 18.8.2034
                                    16.4.2025             E             —      400,000          —          —        400,000         74.900      16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035
      Mr Kin Wah Chan               17.3.2017             D       200,000           —           —          —        200,000         32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                    14.3.2018             E       250,000           —           —          —        250,000         47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                    20.5.2019             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                    15.5.2020             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         65.250      15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                   22.12.2020             E     2,000,000           —           —          —      2,000,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                   30.12.2021             E     1,000,000           —           —          —      1,000,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                    22.8.2023             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                     8.8.2024             E       150,000           —           —          —        150,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
                                    16.4.2025             E            —       150,000          —          —        150,000         74.900      16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035
      Mr Chi Chung Chan             17.3.2017             D       500,000           —           —          —        500,000          32.100     17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                    14.3.2018             E       250,000           —           —          —        250,000          47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                    20.5.2019             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000          51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                    15.5.2020             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000          65.250     15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                   22.12.2020             E     2,000,000           —           —          —      2,000,000         105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                   30.12.2021             E     1,000,000           —           —          —      1,000,000         154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                    22.8.2023             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000          81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                     8.8.2024             E       150,000           —           —          —        150,000          97.700      8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
                                    16.4.2025             E            —       150,000          —          —        150,000          74.900     16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035
      Mr Camille Jojo               14.3.2018             E         50,000          —           —          —         50,000          47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                    20.5.2019             E         97,000          —           —          —         97,000          51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                   22.12.2020             E         47,000          —           —          —         47,000         105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                   30.12.2021             E         32,000          —           —          —         32,000         154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                    22.8.2023             E         60,000          —           —          —         60,000          81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                     8.8.2024             E        100,000                      —          —        100,000          97.700      8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
                                    16.4.2025             E             —      115,000          —          —        115,000          74.900     16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035



168   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




44. Share Options (continued)
    Share Option Schemes (continued)
    The following tables disclose movements in the Company’s share options during the year: (continued)

    2025

                                         Date of share Share option   Outstanding       Granted    Exercised    Lapsed      Outstanding
                                              options      scheme     at beginning        during      during     during        at end of   Subscription
    Share option holders                      granted     category      of the year     the year    the year   the year         the year          price             Exercise period
                                                                                                                                                   HK$
    Directors (continued)
    Mr Peter David Sullivan               22.12.2020             E         47,000           —            —          —           47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                          30.12.2021             E         32,000           —            —          —           32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                           22.8.2023             E         60,000           —            —          —           60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                            8.8.2024             E         20,000           —            —          —           20,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
                                           16.4.2025             E             —        20,000           —          —           20,000         74.900      16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035
    Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse              19.6.2017             E        95,000            —       (95,000)        —               —          36.300      19.6.2018 – 18.6.2027
                                           14.3.2018             E       100,000            —            —          —          100,000         47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                           20.5.2019             E        97,000            —            —          —           97,000         51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                          22.12.2020             E        47,000            —            —          —           47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                          30.12.2021             E        32,000            —            —          —           32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                           22.8.2023             E        60,000            —            —          —           60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                            8.8.2024             E        20,000            —            —          —           20,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
                                           16.4.2025             E            —         20,000           —          —           20,000         74.900      16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035
    Mr Robert Hinman Getz                  15.5.2020             E         75,000           —            —          —           75,000         65.250      15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                          22.12.2020             E         47,000           —            —          —           47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                          30.12.2021             E         32,000           —            —          —           32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                           22.8.2023             E         60,000           —            —          —           60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                            8.8.2024             E         20,000           —            —          —           20,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
                                           16.4.2025             E             —        20,000           —          —           20,000         74.900      16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035
    Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding           19.8.2021             E         29,500           —            —          —           29,500        167.200      19.8.2022 – 18.8.2031
                                           22.8.2023             E         60,000           —            —          —           60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                            8.8.2024             E         20,000           —            —          —           20,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
                                           16.4.2025             E             —        20,000           —          —           20,000         74.900      16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035
    Ms Caroline Christina Kracht           22.8.2023             E         60,000           —            —          —           60,000          81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                            8.8.2024             E         20,000           —            —          —           20,000          97.700      8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
                                           16.4.2025             E             —        20,000           —          —           20,000          74.900     16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035
    Mr Andrew Philip Roberts                8.8.2024             E         20,000           —            —          —           20,000          97.700      8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
                                           16.4.2025             E             —        20,000           —          —           20,000          74.900     16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035
    Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng                     16.4.2025             E              —       20,000           —          —           20,000          74.900     16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035
    Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong              16.4.2025             E              —       20,000           —          —           20,000          74.900     16.4.2026 – 15.4.2035
    Total for directors                                               19,045,000      1,375,000    (345,000)        —        20,075,000
    Employees                              17.3.2017             D       150,000            —            —          —          150,000         32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                           14.3.2018             E       200,000            —       (60,000)        —          140,000         47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                           20.5.2019             E       194,000            —            —          —          194,000         51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                          22.12.2020             E        94,000            —            —          —           94,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                          30.12.2021             E        32,000            —            —          —           32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                           22.8.2023             E        60,000            —            —          —           60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                           22.8.2023             E       750,000            —            —          —          750,000         81.050      20.5.2025 – 21.8.2033
                                          22.11.2023             E       250,000            —            —          —          250,000         81.480     22.11.2024 – 21.11.2033
                                           30.9.2024             E       150,000            —            —          —          150,000        118.100      30.9.2025 – 29.9.2034
                                           24.4.2025             E            —        150,000           —          —          150,000         78.050      24.4.2026 – 23.4.2035
    Total for employees                                                1,880,000       150,000      (60,000)        —         1,970,000
    Total for all categories                                          20,925,000      1,525,000    (405,000)        —        22,045,000
    Exercisable at the end of the year                                                                                       18,868,000

                                                                                                                          Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025             169
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




44. Share Options (continued)
      Share Option Schemes (continued)
      The following tables disclose movements in the Company’s share options during the year:

      2024

                                        Date of share Share option   Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Lapsed    Outstanding
                                              options     scheme     at beginning      during      during     during      at end of   Subscription
      Share option holders                   granted     category      of the year   the year    the year   the year       the year          price             Exercise period
                                                                                                                                             HK$
      Directors
      Mr Horst Julius Pudwill            22.12.2020             E        23,500           —           —          —         23,500        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                         30.12.2021             E        32,000           —           —          —         32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                          22.8.2023             E       750,000           —           —          —        750,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                           8.8.2024             E            —       250,000          —          —        250,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
      Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill            20.3.2014             D       750,000           —     (750,000)        —             —          21.600      20.3.2015 – 19.3.2024
                                          11.9.2015             D       250,000           —           —          —        250,000         29.650      11.9.2016 – 10.9.2025
                                          17.3.2017             D       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                          14.3.2018             E       250,000           —           —          —        250,000         47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                          20.5.2019             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                          15.5.2020             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         65.250      15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                         22.12.2020             E     2,000,000           —           —          —      2,000,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                         30.12.2021             E     1,000,000           —           —          —      1,000,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                          22.8.2023             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                           8.8.2024             E            —       150,000          —          —        150,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
      Mr Steven Philip Richman            19.8.2024             E              —     400,000          —          —        400,000        103.400      19.8.2025 – 18.8.2034
        (appointed on August 6, 2024)
      Mr Kin Wah Chan                     17.3.2017             D       200,000           —           —          —        200,000         32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                          14.3.2018             E       250,000           —           —          —        250,000         47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                          20.5.2019             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                          15.5.2020             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         65.250      15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                         22.12.2020             E     2,000,000           —           —          —      2,000,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                         30.12.2021             E     1,000,000           —           —          —      1,000,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                          22.8.2023             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                           8.8.2024             E            —       150,000          —          —        150,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
      Mr Chi Chung Chan                   17.3.2017             D       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                          14.3.2018             E       250,000           —           —          —        250,000         47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                          20.5.2019             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                          15.5.2020             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         65.250      15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                         22.12.2020             E     2,000,000           —           —          —      2,000,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                         30.12.2021             E     1,000,000           —           —          —      1,000,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                          22.8.2023             E       500,000           —           —          —        500,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                           8.8.2024             E            —       150,000          —          —        150,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
      Mr Camille Jojo                     14.3.2018             E         50,000          —           —          —         50,000         47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                          20.5.2019             E         97,000          —           —          —         97,000         51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                         22.12.2020             E         47,000          —           —          —         47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                         30.12.2021             E         32,000          —           —          —         32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                          22.8.2023             E         60,000          —           —          —         60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                           8.8.2024             E             —      100,000          —          —        100,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
      Mr Peter David Sullivan            22.12.2020             E         47,000          —           —          —         47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                         30.12.2021             E         32,000          —           —          —         32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                          22.8.2023             E         60,000          —           —          —         60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                           8.8.2024             E             —       20,000          —          —         20,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034


170   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




44. Share Options (continued)
    Share Option Schemes (continued)
    The following tables disclose movements in the Company’s share options during the year: (continued)

    2024

                                                    Date of share Share option   Outstanding       Granted    Exercised    Lapsed       Outstanding
                                                          options     scheme     at beginning        during      during     during         at end of   Subscription
    Share option holders                                 granted     category      of the year     the year    the year   the year          the year          price             Exercise period
                                                                                                                                                              HK$
    Directors (continued)
    Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse                         19.6.2017             E       135,000            —       (40,000)        —            95,000         36.300      19.6.2018 – 18.6.2027
                                                      14.3.2018             E       100,000            —            —          —           100,000         47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                                      20.5.2019             E        97,000            —            —          —            97,000         51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                                     22.12.2020             E        47,000            —            —          —            47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                                     30.12.2021             E        32,000            —            —          —            32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                                      22.8.2023             E        60,000            —            —          —            60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                                       8.8.2024             E            —         20,000           —          —            20,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
    Mr Robert Hinman Getz                             15.5.2020             E         75,000           —            —          —            75,000         65.250      15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                                     22.12.2020             E         47,000           —            —          —            47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                                     30.12.2021             E         32,000           —            —          —            32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                                      22.8.2023             E         60,000           —            —          —            60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                                       8.8.2024             E             —        20,000           —          —            20,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
    Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding                      19.8.2021             E         29,500           —            —          —            29,500        167.200      19.8.2022 – 18.8.2031
                                                      22.8.2023             E         60,000           —            —          —            60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                                       8.8.2024             E             —        20,000           —          —            20,000         97.700       8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
    Ms Caroline Christina Kracht                      22.8.2023             E         60,000           —            —          —            60,000          81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
                                                       8.8.2024             E             —        20,000           —          —            20,000          97.700      8.8.2025 – 7.8.2034
    Mr Andrew Philip Roberts                           8.8.2024             E              —       20,000           —          —            20,000          97.700      8.8.2025 –   7.8.2034
      (appointed on January 1, 2024)

    Mr Joseph Galli Jr (resigned                      22.8.2023             E       750,000             —           —          —           750,000          81.050     20.5.2025 – 21.8.2033
      effective from May 20, 2024)

    Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP                17.3.2017             D       150,000             —           —          —           150,000         32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
      (retired after the conclusion of the annual     14.3.2018             E       100,000             —           —          —           100,000         47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
      general meeting of the Company held on          20.5.2019             E        97,000             —           —          —            97,000         51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
      May 10, 2024)                                  22.12.2020             E        47,000             —           —          —            47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                                     30.12.2021             E        32,000             —           —          —            32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                                      22.8.2023             E        60,000             —           —          —            60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033
    Total for directors                                                          19,751,000      1,320,000    (790,000)        —        20,281,000

    Employees                                         17.3.2017             D        50,000            —       (50,000)        —                —          32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                                      14.3.2018             E       150,000            —       (50,000)        —           100,000         47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                                      20.5.2019             E       194,000            —       (97,000)        —            97,000         51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                                     22.12.2020             E        94,000            —            —     (47,000)          47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                                     22.11.2023             E       250,000            —            —          —           250,000         81.480     22.11.2024 – 21.11.2033
                                                      30.9.2024             E            —        150,000           —          —           150,000        118.100      30.9.2025 – 29.9.2034
    Total for employees                                                             738,000       150,000     (197,000)   (47,000)         644,000

    Total for all categories                                                     20,489,000      1,470,000    (987,000)   (47,000)      20,925,000

    Exercisable at the end of the year                                                                                                  17,080,000




                                                                                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025              171
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




44. Share Options (continued)
      Share Option Schemes (continued)
      The following significant assumptions were used to derive the fair values using the Black-Scholes option pricing model:

                                                                                               Expected
                                                                                                 volatility
                                                                                                based on           Yields of          Expected
                                                                              Expected          historical       Hong Kong               annual
                                                           Exercise        life of share      volatility of     Government             dividend
      Date of grant                                           price             options      share prices            Bonds                 yield
                                                               HK$
      For the year ended December 31, 2025
      16.4.2025                                               74.90             3 years              39%              1.50%             2.742%
      24.4.2025                                               78.05             3 years              39%              1.50%             2.775%


                                                                                               Expected
                                                                                                 volatility
                                                                                                based on           Yields of          Expected
                                                                               Expected         historical       Hong Kong               annual
                                                           Exercise         life of share     volatility of     Government             dividend
      Date of grant                                           price               options    share prices            Bonds                 yield
                                                               HK$
      For the year ended December 31, 2024
      8.8.2024                                                97.70             3 years              40%              1.50%             3.079%
      19.8.2024                                              103.40             3 years              40%              1.50%             3.160%
      30.9.2024                                              118.10             3 years              40%              1.50%             2.742%

      The share options are vested in parts over 1 to 3 years from the date of grant.
      Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the Company’s share price over the previous 3 years. The expected
      life used in the model has been adjusted, based on management’s best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions
      and behavioural considerations.
      The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the volatility of the share price.
      Because changes in subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in the directors’ opinion, the existing model
      does not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the share options.
      The weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the various dates on which the share options were
      granted during 2025 was HK$75.86 (2024: HK$99.91).
      The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the various dates on which the share options were granted ranged from
      HK$75.50 to HK$79.20 in 2025 (2024: HK$94.75 to HK$120.90).
      The weighted average closing prices of the Company’s shares immediately before various dates during 2025 and 2024 on which the share
      options was exercised were HK$95.70 (2024: HK$98.68) respectively.
      The Group recognized a total expense of US$6,528,000 (2024: US$8,752,000) for the year ended December 31, 2025 in relation to
      share options granted by the Company.
      The fair value of the share options granted in 2025 measured at various dates on which the share options were granted was ranged from
      HK$19.88 to HK$20.78 (2024: HK$26.91 to HK$32.12). The weighted average fair value of the share options granted in 2025 was
      HK$19.97 per option (2024: HK$27.89).
      The Company had 22,045,000 share options outstanding (2024: 20,925,000 share options), which represented approximately 1.21%
      (2024: 1.14%) of the issued share capital of the Company as at December 31, 2025. 1,525,000 share options (2024: 1,470,000 share
      options) was granted, no option (2024: Nil) was cancelled and no share options (2024: 47,000 share options) was lapsed during the year.
      The total number of shares available for issue under Scheme D are 117,281,565 shares, representing approximately 6.41% of the issued
      shares (excluding treasury shares) of the Company as at the date of this Annual Report. The total number of shares available for issue
      under Scheme E are 175,156,294 shares, representing approximately 9.58% of the issued shares (excluding treasury shares) of the
      Company as at the date of this Annual Report.



172   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




45. Share Award Scheme and Employee Equity Incentive Plan
   Share Award Scheme
   The purpose of the share award scheme is to recognize the contributions by certain eligible persons and to provide them with incentives in
   order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further development of
   the Group.

   The share award scheme of the Company was adopted by the Board of Directors on January 9, 2008 and renewed on January 17, 2018,
   which was subsequently amended and restated on May 12, 2023. The Board may, from time to time, at their absolute discretion select
   any individual as an eligible person for participation in the scheme as a selected grantee and determine the number of shares to be
   awarded. The Board of Directors are required to pay the trustee the purchase price and the related expenses. The trustee must either
   purchase shares from the market or subscribe for new shares. The trustee must hold the shares until they are vested in accordance with
   the scheme rules. When the selected grantee has satisfied all vesting conditions specified by the Board of Directors at the time of making
   the award and becomes entitled to the shares forming the subject of the award, the trustee will upon the Company’s instruction transfer
   the relevant vested shares together with the income derived therefrom (net of accrued interest) to the selected grantee.

   An award of shares automatically lapses when, (i) a selected grantee who is an employee ceases to be an employee; or (ii) the subsidiary
   by which a selected grantee is employed ceases to be a subsidiary of the Company (or of a member of the Group); or (iii) a selected
   grantee who is a director of the Company or a subsidiary ceases to be a director of the same; or (iv) an order for the winding-up of the
   Company is made or a resolution is passed (otherwise than for certain purposes) for the voluntary winding-up of the Company, and, in any
   such case, the award, unless the Board otherwise agrees, automatically lapses forthwith and all the awarded shares and related income of
   such award do not vest on the relevant vesting date but become returned shares for the purpose of the scheme.

   In view of the amendments to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules relating to share schemes of listed issuers effective from January 1,
   2023, the scheme rules of 2018 Share Award Scheme were amended and restated to ensure full compliance with the latest regulatory
   requirements.

   Recognition of share-based payment expenses under the share award scheme during the year was US$26,784,000 (2024:
   US$50,059,000). During the year ended December 31, 2025, 6,019,500 shares (2024: 675,000 shares) were transferred to the
   awardees upon vesting.

   (i)    Movements in the number of awarded shares and their related average fair value were as follows:

                                                                                                                                             Number
                                                                                                                                         2025                    2024

          At January 1                                                                                                             8,034,500               5,680,000
          Awarded (Note (a))                                                                                                       2,025,000               3,604,500
          Vested                                                                                                                  (6,019,500)               (675,000)
          Cancelled                                                                                                                       —                 (575,000)
          At December 31 (Note (b))                                                                                                4,040,000               8,034,500

          Notes:
          (a)      All the awarded shares were purchased from the market with the average price of HK$94.59.
          (b)      At the end of the year, the average fair value per share is HK$101.68 (2024: HK$101.94). The average fair value of the awarded shares is based on the
                   average purchase cost.


   (ii)   The remaining vesting periods of the awarded shares outstanding are as follows:

                                                                                                                                 Number of awarded shares
                                                                                                                                         2025                    2024

          Less than 1 year                                                                                                         1,340,000               6,079,500
          More than 1 year                                                                                                         2,700,000               1,955,000
                                                                                                                                   4,040,000               8,034,500




                                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025            173
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




45. Share Award Scheme and Employee Equity Incentive Plan (continued)
      Employee Equity Incentive Plan
      The Board approved the adoption of the Employee Equity Incentive Plan (the “Employee Equity Incentive Plan”) with effect from May 8,
      2025 (the “Adoption Date”), which is a single share award scheme under which (i) no share options can be granted; and (ii) any awards
      granted thereunder will be entirely satisfied by the purchase of the existing shares of the Company through an independent third party
      trustee on the secondary market at the Board’s direction. The purposes of the Employee Equity Incentive Plan are to (i) enable the
      Group to attract and retain any person employed by any member of the Group (whether full time or part time) and such other individuals
      designated by the Board who are reasonably expected to become a Group’s employee after the receipt of awards as an inducement (the
      “Employees”) who will contribute the Company’s long-term success; (ii) provide incentives that aligns the interests of the Employees with
      those of the shareholders of the Company; and (iii) promote the success of the Company’s business. The Employee Equity Incentive Plan
      shall remain in effect for a period of ten years from the Adoption Date, unless terminated earlier by the Board in its sole discretion.

      The Employee Equity Incentive Plan does not involve granting awards that are to be satisfied by issue of new shares or resale of treasury
      shares (if any) of the Company as referred to in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. No new shares or treasury shares (if any) of the Company
      shall be utilized to satisfy any awards under the Employee Equity Incentive Plan. For acceptance of the share awards under the Employee
      Equity Incentive Plan, no payment is required.

      Unvested awards will generally be forfeited upon cessation of the Selected Participant’s Continuous Service, and, in the case of
      Performance Share Units, the Performance Requirement is not satisfied. In the event of termination for cause, both vested and unvested
      awards shall be forfeited as of the Selected Participant’s termination and the Board may claw back all or a specified part of the vested
      awards.

      During the year ended December 31, 2025, recognition of share-based payment expenses under the employee equity incentive plan
      during the year was US$5,998,000. No shares were transferred to the awardees upon vesting.

      (i)    Movements in the number of awarded shares and their related average fair value were as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                  Number

             At January 1, 2025                                                                                                                                             —
             Awarded (Note (a))                                                                                                                                1,680,943
             At December 31, 2025 (Note (b))                                                                                                                   1,680,943

             Notes:
             (a)      All the awarded shares were purchased from the market with the average price of HK$91.40.
             (b)      At the end of the year, the average fair value per share is HK$91.40. The average fair value of the awarded shares is based on the average purchase
                      cost.


      (ii)   The remaining vesting periods of the awarded shares outstanding are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                 2025
                                                                                                                                                            Number of
                                                                                                                                                        awarded shares

             Less than 1 year                                                                                                                                    554,710
             More than 1 year                                                                                                                                  1,126,233
                                                                                                                                                               1,680,943


46. Capital Commitments
                                                                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                                                                         US$’000                 US$’000
      Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of property,
        plant and equipment and equity investment contracted for
        but not provided in the consolidated financial statements                                                                        152,926                 166,875




174   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




47. Related Party Transactions
    During the year, the Group entered into the following transactions with its associate, which did not constitute connected transactions
    under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:

                                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                                   US$’000              US$’000
    Sales income                                                                                                     66,179               64,865

    The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                                   US$’000              US$’000
    Short-term benefits                                                                                             106,185              132,166
    Post-employment benefits                                                                                           1,790               1,835
    Share-based payments                                                                                             33,706               27,414
                                                                                                                    141,681              161,415

    Details of the balances and transactions with related parties are set out in the consolidated statements of financial position and Notes 21
    and 28.

48. Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities
    The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes.
    Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s
    consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                              Discounted
                                                         Dividend          Unsecured            bills with              Lease
                                                          payable          borrowings            recourse           liabilities
                                                                              Note 38             Note 35            Note 34                Total
                                                         US$’000             US$’000             US$’000            US$’000             US$’000
    At January 1, 2024                                          —          1,951,122                2,708            887,892          2,841,722
    Currency realignment                                        —             (28,531)                 —             (24,478)            (53,009)
    Financing cash flows                                 (486,103)           (649,091)                530           (164,020)         (1,298,684)
    New leases entered                                         —                   —                   —             175,257             175,257
    Early termination of leases                                 —                   —                   —            (41,204)            (41,204)
    Interest expenses                                           —              94,079                   —             32,086             126,165
    Interest paid                                               —             (94,079)                  —            (32,086)           (126,165)
    Dividends declared                                    486,103                  —                    —                 —              486,103
    At December 31, 2024                                        —          1,273,500                3,238            833,447          2,110,185
    Currency realignment                                        —               7,469                   —             20,416              27,885
    Financing cash flows                                 (572,651)          (306,235)                (649)          (161,822)        (1,041,357)
    New leases entered                                         —                  —                    —             103,055            103,055
    Early termination of leases                                 —                   —                   —            (13,486)            (13,486)
    Interest expenses                                           —              66,276                   —             30,357              96,633
    Interest paid                                               —             (66,276)                  —            (30,357)            (96,633)
    Dividends declared                                    572,651                  —                    —                 —             572,651
    At December 31, 2025                                        —            974,734                2,589            781,610          1,758,933




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025      175
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




49. Statement of Financial Position of the Company
      As at December 31, 2025

                                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                              Note            US$’000             US$’000

      Non-current assets
        Property, plant and equipment                                                                            1,208               1,748
        Right of use assets                                                                                        516                 204
        Intangible assets                                                                                              9                15
        Investments in subsidiaries                                                                        34,509,190          32,353,442
        Loans to subsidiaries                                                                                    4,258               4,431
        Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                                3,681               3,662
        Deposits                                                                                                44,000             65,500
                                                                                                           34,562,862          32,429,002
      Current assets
        Trade receivables                                                                                    1,674,791                  —
        Deposits and prepayments                                                                                48,210             45,423
        Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                               31,750             22,571
        Derivative financial instruments                                                                         4,737             85,396
        Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                                          175,712          1,227,609
        Bank balances, deposits and cash                                                                       170,573            235,642
                                                                                                             2,105,773          1,616,641
      Current liabilities
        Trade and other payables                                                                               184,887            154,907
        Derivative financial instruments                                                                        50,097             11,617
        Tax payable                                                                                              1,408                 —
        Lease liabilities                                                                                          338                 212
        Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                                        13,800,525           9,760,038
        Unsecured borrowings – due within one year                                                             344,775            479,850
                                                                                                           14,382,030          10,406,624
      Net current liabilities                                                                              (12,276,257)        (8,789,983)
      Total assets less current liabilities                                                                22,286,605          23,639,019

      Capital and Reserves
        Share capital                                                                                          691,887            689,684
        Reserves                                                                               40          20,774,818          21,530,600
      Total equity                                                                                         21,466,705          22,220,284
      Non-current Liabilities
        Lease liabilities                                                                                          183                   1
        Unsecured borrowings – due after one year                                                              619,717            753,726
        Amount due to a subsidiary                                                                             200,000            665,008
                                                                                                               819,900          1,418,735
      Total equity and non-current liabilities                                                             22,286,605          23,639,019

      The Company’s statement of financial position was approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on March 3, 2026 and are
      signed on its behalf by:



                                Chi Chung Chan                                                Stephan Horst Pudwill
                         Group Executive Director                                            Executive Vice Chairman


176   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
                                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




50. Particulars of Principal Subsidiaries
    Particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the Company as at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 are as follows:

                                                 Place of                            Issued and
                                                 incorporation/                        fully paid           Proportion of nominal value of
    Name of subsidiaries                         operation                         share capital         issued capital held by the Company          Principal activities
                                                                                                           2025                     2024
                                                                                                    Directly   Indirectly    Directly   Indirectly
                                                                                                          %            %           %            %

    DreBo Werkzeugfabrik GmbH *                  Germany                         EUR1,000,000            —          100           —           100    Trading and manufacture of power
                                                                                                                                                       equipment products
    TTI Outdoor Power Equipment, Inc.            US                                      US$10           —          100           —           100    Trading of outdoor power equipment
                                                                                                                                                        products
    Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation          US                             US$50,000,000            —          100           —           100    Trading and manufacture of power
                                                                                                                                                        equipment products
    TTI Consumer Power Tools, Inc.               US                                      US$10           —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment products
    Royal Appliance Mfg. Co.                     US                                        US$1          —          100           —           100    Trading and manufacture of floorcare
                                                                                                                                                        products
    Techtronic Cordless GP                       US               N/A – partnership interest with        —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment, floorcare and
                                                                                no share capital                                                        outdoor power equipment products
    Techtronic Industries (Dongguan) Co. Ltd.# PRC                              US$47,000,000            —          100           —           100    Manufacture of power equipment,
                                                                                                                                                       floorcare and outdoor power equipment
                                                                                                                                                       products
    Techtronic Industries (UK) Ltd.              United Kingdom                  GBP4,000,000            —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment products
    Techtronic Industries Australia Pty. Limited Australia                      AUD25,575,762            —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment, floorcare and
                                                                                                                                                        outdoor power equipment products
    Techtronic Industries Central Europe GmbH* Germany                               EUR25,600           —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment products
    Techtronic Industries ELC GmbH*              Germany                             EUR25,000           —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment products and
                                                                                                                                                        outdoor power equipment products
    Techtronic Industries France SAS             France                         EUR14,998,680            —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment products
    Techtronic Industries GmbH                   Germany                        EUR20,452,500            —          100           —           100    Trading and manufacture of power
                                                                                                                                                        equipment products
    Techtronic Industries Korea LLC              Korea                      KRW3,400,000,000             —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment products
    Techtronic Industries Mexico, S.A. de C.V.   Mexico                           MXN50,000              —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment, floorcare and
                                                                                      (Serie I)                                                         outdoor power equipment products
                                                                              MXN596,964,358
                                                                                     (Serie II)
    Techtronic Industries Co. Mexico,            Mexico                      MXN410,013,470          45.43        54.57           —           100    Manufacture of power equipment
      S. De R.L. de C.V.                                              (2024: MXN223,746,470)                                                           products
    Techtronic Industries N.Z. Limited           New Zealand                     NZD4,165,600            —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment, floorcare and
                                                                                                                                                        outdoor power equipment products
    Techtronic Industries North America, Inc.    US                                      US$10           —          100           —           100    Investment holding
    Green Planet Distribution Centre Company     Vietnam                VND2,395,225,515,600             —          100           —           100    Manufacture of power equipment and
      Limited                                                                                                                                          outdoor power equipment products
    Techtronic Industries Vietnam                Vietnam                  VND406,954,000,000             —          100           —           100    Manufacture of power equipment and
      Manufacturing Company Limited                                                                                                                    outdoor power equipment products
    Techtronic Product Development Limited       Hong Kong                                 HK$2          —          100           —           100    Engage in research and development
                                                                                                                                                       activities




                                                                                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025                   177
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For the year ended December 31, 2025




50. Particulars of Principal Subsidiaries (continued)
                                                Place of                       Issued and
                                                incorporation/                   fully paid           Proportion of nominal value of
      Name of subsidiaries                      operation                    share capital         issued capital held by the Company          Principal activities
                                                                                                     2025                     2024
                                                                                              Directly   Indirectly    Directly   Indirectly
                                                                                                    %            %           %            %

      Techtronic Trading Limited                Hong Kong              HK$1,787,100,002            —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment, floorcare and
                                                                           (2024: HK$2)                                                           outdoor power equipment products
      TTI Investments (Dongguan) Company        Hong Kong                HK$960,563,422          100            —         100            —         Investment holding
        Limited
      Techtronic Industries Company Pte. Ltd.   Singapore                US$126,467,853            —          100           —           100        Investment holding
      TTI Singapore SPV Pte. Ltd.               Singapore              US$2,654,856,185          100           —          100            —         Investment holding
      Vax Limited                               United Kingdom                GBP30,000           —           100          —            100        Trading of household electrical and
                                                                       (Ordinary A shares)                                                            floorcare products
                                                                                  GBP2,500
                                                                       (Ordinary B shares)

      *       Exempt from the obligation to publish local financial statements.
      #
              A wholly foreign owned enterprise.


      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results or assets of the
      Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

      At the end of the reporting period, the Company has other subsidiaries that are not material to the Group. The principal activities of these
      subsidiaries are summarized as follows:

      Principal activities                                                  Principal place of business                                            Number of subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                          2025                     2024

      Manufacture of power equipment, floorcare and                         Europe, PRC, US and others                                                          5                        6
       outdoor power equipment products
      Trading of power equipment, floorcare and                             Canada, Europe, Hong Kong, Latin America,                                         52                         47
        outdoor power equipment product                                       PRC, US and others
      Investment holding                                                    Australia, British Virgin Islands (“BVI”),                                        19                         19
                                                                              Europe, Hong Kong, US
      Dormant                                                               BVI, Europe, Hong Kong, US                                                        17                         20

      None of the subsidiaries had any debt securities outstanding at the end of the year, or at any time during the year.

51. Particulars of an Associate
      Particulars of an associate are as follows:

                                          Place of incorporation/        Issued and fully            Proportion of nominal value of
      Name of associate                   operation                    paid share capital           issued capital held by the Group                   Principal activities
                                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                                                      %                        %
      Wuerth Master Power                 Hong Kong                        US$3,000,000                           49.0                   49.0          Manufacture and sale of
       Tools Limited                                                                                                                                    power equipment




178   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
FINANCIAL SUMMARY
Results

                                                                     Year ended December 31

                                                   2021          2022               2023               2024               2025
                                                 US$’000       US$’000            US$’000            US$’000            US$’000

Revenue                                        13,203,161    13,253,917         13,731,411        14,621,616         15,259,533

Profit before taxation                          1,181,825     1,156,897          1,055,616         1,216,394           1,302,482
Taxation charge                                   (82,724)      (79,747)           (79,276)           (94,714)          (104,188)
Profit for the year                             1,099,101     1,077,150            976,340         1,121,680           1,198,294

Attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                         1,099,003     1,077,150            976,340         1,121,680           1,198,294
  Non-controlling interests                           98             —                  —                  —                    —

Profit for the year                             1,099,101     1,077,150            976,340         1,121,680           1,198,294

Basic earnings per share (US cents)                 60.04         58.86              53.36              61.43              65.61



Assets and Liabilities

                                                                           As at December 31

                                                   2021          2022               2023               2024               2025
                                                 US$’000       US$’000            US$’000            US$’000            US$’000

Total assets                                   13,007,545    13,315,598         12,401,983        12,890,489         13,429,004
Total liabilities                               8,285,027     8,110,117          6,654,433         6,526,892           6,470,550

                                                4,722,518     5,205,481          5,747,550         6,363,597           6,958,454

Equity attributable to Owners of the Company    4,722,518     5,205,481          5,747,550         6,363,597           6,958,454
Non-controlling interests                              —             —                  —                  —                    —

                                                4,722,518     5,205,481          5,747,550         6,363,597           6,958,454




                                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025   179
CORPORATE INFORMATION
Board of Directors                                                     Website
                                                                       www.ttigroup.com
Group Executive Directors
                                                                       Earnings results, annual/interim reports are available online.
Mr Horst Julius Pudwill
Executive Chairman
                                                                       Listing Information
Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill                                               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Executive Vice Chairman                                                  Ordinary Shares (stock code: 669)
Mr Steven Philip Richman                                               ADR Level 1 Programme (symbol: TTNDY)
Chief Executive Officer                                                U.S. Foreign Ordinary Shares (symbol: TTNDF)

Mr Patrick Kin Wah Chan                                                Share Registrar and Transfer Office
Mr Frank Chi Chung Chan
                                                                       Tricor Investor Services Limited
Mr Camille Jojo
                                                                       17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                                       16 Harcourt Road
Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                                       Hong Kong
Mr Robert Hinman Getz
                                                                       Tel: (852) 2980 1333
Lead Independent Non-executive Director
Mr Peter David Sullivan
                                                                       ADR Depositary
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse
                                                                       BNY Mellon
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding
Ms Caroline Christina Kracht
Mr Andrew Philip Roberts                                               Solicitors
Ms Karen Ka Fai Ng                                                     Vincent T.K. Cheung, Yap & Co.
Mr Stephen Tsi Chuen Wong
                                                                       Auditor
Financial Calendar 2026                                                Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
March 3     : Announcement of 2025 annual results                      Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
May 5       : Last day to register for the entitlement to attend and
                vote at Annual General Meeting                         Company Secretary
May 6-8     : Book closure period for the entitlement to attend and    Ms Veronica Ka Po Ng
                vote at Annual General Meeting
May 8       : Annual General Meeting                                   Trademarks
May 15      : Last day to register for 2025 final dividend             All trademarks listed other than AEG and RYOBI
May 18      : Book closure period for 2025 final dividend                 are owned by the Group.
May 18      : Record date of 2025 final dividend
June 26     : Final dividend payment                                   AEG is a registered trademark of AB Electrolux (publ.),
June 30     : Six months interim period end                              and is used under license.
December 31 : Financial year end                                       RYOBI is a registered trademark of Ryobi Limited,
                                                                         and is used under license.
Investor Relations Contact
Main Contact                                                           Forward-Looking Statements
Investor Relations                                                     This report contains certain forward-looking statements or
Techtronic Industries North America, Inc.                              uses certain forward-looking terminologies which are based
450 East Las Olas Boulevard. Suite 1500                                on the current expectations, estimates, projections, beliefs
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301, USA                                    and assumptions of TTI about the businesses and the markets
Email: ir@ttihq.com                                                    in which the Group operates and reflect TTI’s views as of the
                                                                       date of this report. These forward-looking statements are not
Asia/Pacific                                                           guarantees of future performance and are subject to market risk,
                                                                       uncertainties and factors beyond the control of TTI. Therefore,
Investor Relations
                                                                       actual outcomes and returns may differ materially from the
Techtronic Industries Co. Ltd.
                                                                       assumptions made and the statements contained in this report.
29/F, Tower 2, Kowloon Commerce Centre
51 Kwai Cheong Road, Kwai Chung, N.T., Hong Kong
Email: ir@tti.com.hk



180   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2025
Published by Techtronic Industries Co. Ltd.
© 2026 Techtronic Industries Co. Ltd.
