ANNUAL
REPORT
2023
SINGLE CHANNEL
STRUT SHEAR
The M18 FORCE LOGIC Single Channel Strut Shear
is the most productive way to shear strut on the
jobsite. It uses proprietary shearing dies to deliver
square, clean shears without additional filing or
deburring and having a dual die design eliminates
exposed blades and reduces the chance of
electricians cutting themselves on the jobsite.




PROPRIETARY
SHEARING DIES
Delivers clean shears eliminating
the need to file or deburr




DUAL DIE DESIGN
Eliminates exposed blades, reducing
cuts and lacerations
                                                        STRUT SUPPORT PLATE
                                                        Provides quick, simple, and repeatable shears to
                                                        maximize productivity on site
Contents
  2     Financial Highlights

  4     Chairman’s Statement

  6     Chief Executive Officer’s Message

  8     Strategic Drivers

 10     Power Equipment

 46     Floorcare & Cleaning

 54     Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 58     Board of Directors

 64     Corporate Governance Report

 80     Report of the Directors

 93     Independent Auditor’s Report

 96     Consolidated Financial Statements

102     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

194     Financial Summary

195     Corporate Information




Company Profile
Techtronic Industries Company Limited (the “Company”, the “Group”
or “TTI”) is a fast-growing world leader in Power Tools, Accessories,
Hand Tools, Outdoor Power Equipment, and Floorcare & Cleaning
for Do-It-Yourself (DIY)/Consumer, professional and industrial users
in the home improvement, repair, maintenance, construction and
infrastructure industries. The Company is committed to accelerating
the transformation of these industries through superior environmentally
friendly cordless technology. The TTI brands like MILWAUKEE,
RYOBI and HOOVER are recognized worldwide for their deep heritage
and cordless product platforms of superior quality, outstanding
performance, safety, productivity and compelling innovation.

Founded in 1985 and listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
(“SEHK”) in 1990, TTI is included in the Hang Seng Index as one of
their constituent stocks. The Company maintains a powerful brand
portfolio, global manufacturing and product development footprint,
healthy financial position with record 2023 worldwide sales of
US$13.7 billion and over 47,000 employees.
FINANCIAL
HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                        US$’ million      US$’ million         Changes

Revenue                                                                   13,731            13,254               +3.6%

Gross profit margin                                                       39.5%              39.3%             +14 bps

EBIT                                                                       1,135             1,201              (5.5%)

Profit attributable to Owners of the Company                                976              1,077              (9.4%)

Basic earnings per share (US cents)                                        53.36             58.86              (9.3%)

Free Cash Flow                                                             1,281              329              +952 m

Dividend per share (approx. US cents)                                      24.84             23.81               +4.3%




    Revenue (US$’ million)                        EBIT (US$’ million)                  Free Cash Flow (US$’ million)



    13,731                                        1,135                                1,281
    An increase of 3.6%                           A decrease of 5.5%                   Record free cash flow
    as compared to 2022                           as compared to 2022                  of US$1,281 million, an
                                                                                       increase of US$952 million
                                                                                       as compared to 2022




2      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




                                                                                                    39.5%
Gross Profit Margin %


40
                                                                                                                    39.3%

                                                                                                         38.8%

                                                                                                38.3%

                                                                                       37.7%
38
                                                                               37.2%

                                                                      36.7%

                                                              36.2%

36                                                    35.7%

                                              35.2%



                                      34.2%                                    15th Consecutive Year of
34                            33.5%                                            GROSS MARGIN
                      32.6%
                                                                               IMPROVEMENT
32
              32.2%
                                                                               + 14 bps
      31.3%                                                                    Gross Margin improved for the 15th consecutive
                                                                               year to 39.5%, a 14 basis points increase




30

       ‘09     ‘10      ‘11    ‘12     ‘13     ‘14    ‘15      ‘16     ‘17      ‘18      ‘19      ‘20      ‘21       ‘22     ‘23




      Dividend per Share (US cents)                                           Working Capital as % of Sales



      24.84                                                                   17.7%
      The Board has recommended a final                                       Working capital as a percentage to
      dividend of US12.61 cents which results                                 sales was at 17.7% as compared
      in a full-year dividend of US24.84 cents                                to 21.2% in 2022




                                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2023


                                                                                       Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023    3
Chairman’s Statement
                                                                          Globally, all regions delivered above market growth in local currency in
                                                                          2023. North America grew 2.9% and Europe delivered an impressive
                                                                          7.3% growth. Rest of World, including Australia, Latin America, and
                                                                          Asia, delivered 7.6% growth.

                                                                          Gross margin improved 14 bps to 39.5% in 2023. This improvement
                                                                          is a direct result of the continued success of the MILWAUKEE business,
                                                                          the growth of our aftermarket battery sales, and highly innovative
                                                                          margin accretive new product. This gross margin improvement is
                                                                          highly encouraging given our significant US$987 million inventory
                                                                          reduction versus last year.

                                                                          Total SG&A increased 96 bps from year end 2022 to 31.3% of sales.
                                                                          Selling, distribution, and marketing increased 56 bps due to one-time
                                                                          promotional funding investments to drive sell through at our partners
                                                                          and reduce inventory in our channels. Research and development
                                                                          increased 34 bps versus last year. Amortization of intangible assets
                                                                          accounted for 28 bps of the increase, and we increased investments
                                                                          in research activities to bolster our new product pipeline.

                                                                          Financial Performance
                                                                          EBIT was at US$1.1 billion, 5.5% lower than 2022. In the second
                                                                          half of 2023, EBIT improved to US$575 million, a 1.1% increase
                                                                          versus the second half of 2022.

                                                                          In 2023, we delivered US$976 million of net profit. The decline of
                                                                          9.4% versus last year was partially driven by significant increases
                                                                          in interest rates over the period, resulting in higher interest expense.
                                                                          Earnings per share also declined 9.3% to US53.36 cents.

                                                                          We reduced inventory an impressive US$987 million from year end
                                                                          2022. This was split throughout the halves with a US$504 million
TTI delivered US$13.7 billion of sales in 2023,                           reduction in the first half and an additional US$483 million in the
up 3.6% in reported growth and 3.9% in local                              second half. Although we have made vast progress on inventory,
                                                                          we believe we can continue reducing inventory days on hand in 2024
currency. Both our MILWAUKEE and Consumer
                                                                          and the years ahead.
group of businesses gained momentum in the
                                                                          Capex spend for the year was US$502 million, lower than last year by
second half of 2023.                                                      13.7%. This spend includes investments in new product, manufacturing
                                                                          capacity, automation, and productivity initiatives in China, Vietnam,
                                                                          Mexico, and the United States.
MILWAUKEE delivered 10.7% full year sales growth in local currency,
improving to 12.7% local currency growth in the second half, versus       Working capital as a percent of sales improved from 21.2% last year
8.7% in the first half. Our Consumer group of businesses also delivered   to 17.7% in 2023. This reduction in working capital helped drive
positive sales growth in the second half and are well positioned to       record free cash flow of US$1.3 billion for the year and we are well
continue gaining traction in 2024.                                        positioned to deliver strong free cash flow in 2024 and the future.




4     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                             CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Our exceptional results over the past
fifteen years have consistently surpassed
overall market performance. 2024 will
be no exception, as we are poised to
outperform the market yet again.



The Group’s net gearing, expressed as a percentage of total net               technology in the months and years ahead. With demonstrably
borrowing (excluding bank advance from factored trade receivables             better features that improve productivity for end users, our products
which are without recourse in nature) to equity attributable to Owners        command a price premium, which in turn drives our virtuous cycle
of the Company, was at 17.1% as compared to 32.1% in 2022.                    of outperforming the market while driving gross margin improvement.

Our exceptional results over the past fifteen years have consistently         Another key driver of our gross margin accretion is the productivity
surpassed overall market performance and we expect 2024 will be               generated by our world-class manufacturing network. Since 2018,
no exception, as we are poised to outperform the market yet again.            we have expanded our footprint beyond our manufacturing site in
Our strength in cordless innovation, new product development,                 China to add start up facilities in Vietnam, Mexico and the United
operational excellence, and in-field marketing initiatives are unparalleled   States. We believe our ability to rapidly adapt to change will serve
in the industry and give TTI an unassailable competitive advantage.           us well, no matter what we face in the future.
We are grateful for the support of our largest partner, The Home
                                                                              With a healthy balance sheet, solid cash position, and strong growth
Depot, and are honored to have received an unprecedented three
                                                                              outlook, we look forward to 2024 with confidence.
Supplier of the Year awards from them in 2023.

Outlook
TTI is poised for continued market outperformance in 2024. We expect
our Flagship MILWAUKEE business to sustain double-digit sales growth
in 2024 and beyond, while our Consumer group of businesses will
continue to outperform the competition.

Our global new product pipeline has never been stronger. We are
relentlessly focused on developing innovative cordless products with
advanced electronics, cutting-edge motor technology, and artificial           Horst Julius Pudwill
intelligence. As the first mover in our industry on applying machine          Chairman
learning and artificial intelligence to cordless products, we have made       March 6, 2024
the investments necessary to continue advancing this important




                                                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023        5
Chief Executive Officer’s Message
                                                                         Cordless Leadership
                                                                         Seventeen years ago, when Horst Pudwill and I developed our strategy,
                                                                         we agreed on two things. First, that we would hire and develop the
                                                                         very best people in the history of the power tool industry. Second,
                                                                         that we were going to be obsessively focused on cordless.

                                                                         We made it our mission to convert users from products using legacy
                                                                         power sources like petrol, corded, manual, hydraulic, and pneumatic
                                                                         to our cordless solutions in the power tool, light equipment, outdoor
                                                                         products, and cleaning categories. Today, MILWAUKEE is the number
                                                                         one worldwide cordless Professional Power Tool brand with 460
                                                                         products across our M12, M18, and MX FUEL leadership platforms,
                                                                         while RYOBI is the leading global DIY cordless brand in both Power
                                                                         Tools and Outdoor with 424 products across the 18V ONE+, 40V,
                                                                         USB LITHIUM, and 80V systems. We also have the broadest line of
                                                                         detachable battery floorcare products with our ONEPWR platform,
                                                                         featuring the world’s first battery-powered cordless Carpet Washer.

                                                                         There is no other company in the world with our level of focus on
                                                                         cordless and this is why we win. Our leadership position in cordless
                                                                         globally has yielded a significant and growing aftermarket battery
                                                                         revenue stream with highly accretive gross margins. Unlike our
                                                                         competitors, we have not changed our battery interface or compatibility,
                                                                         which has allowed our bare tool business to flourish. Bare tools are
                                                                         individual products sold without a battery and charger, which presents
                                                                         a compelling value to users who are already invested in a battery system.

                                                                         Our cordless strategy has also allowed us to grow the market overall
                                                                         through increases in Average Selling Price (ASP). With advanced
                                                                         electronics, brushless motors, and innovative battery technology,
I am proud of the financial results we delivered                         our cordless products offer users productivity and safety benefits that
                                                                         command a price premium. As an example, our MILWAUKEE M18
in 2023. We grew sales 3.9% in local currency to
                                                                         FORCE LOGIC Single Channel Strut Shear is the most productive way
US$13.7 billion, while increasing gross margin 14bps                     to shear strut on the jobsite. This piece of equipment makes precise
to 39.5% and reducing inventory US$987 million                           cuts on-site, ensuring a smooth finish and reducing the risk of user
                                                                         lacerations and damage to high-value electrical systems. Priced at
versus year end 2022. Free cash flow was an
                                                                         over US$3,500, this piece of equipment is driving the ASP higher
all-time record of US$1.3 billion and we are                             while prioritizing safety and productivity.
well positioned to generate consistently strong
                                                                         Breakthrough Technology
free cash flow in the coming years.
                                                                         The development of breakthrough cordless technology is the foundation
                                                                         of TTI’s success. Since we revolutionized the power tool industry with
I am especially encouraged by our results in the second half of 2023,    the introduction of advanced lithium-ion battery technology, we have
where we grew sales 10.2%. Our Flagship MILWAUKEE business               continued to advance the capabilities of cordless products to levels
grew 12.7% in local currency in the second half and we feel confident    beyond what is possible with legacy powered competitive product.
MILWAUKEE will continue to grow at double digit rates in 2024 and        We refer to our efforts to continuously advance technology in the
beyond. The Consumer Group of businesses also delivered excellent        power tool space as a “race without a finish line”. The latest result of
results globally and is on track to continue outperforming the market.   these efforts is the introduction of Artificial Intelligence with Machine
TTI’s momentum has continued to build in the early months of 2024,       Learning into Power Tool development with products that not only set
and we are looking forward to sharing our first half 2024 results with   new industry standards, but also contribute to significant cost savings
you in August.                                                           for users.



6     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                               CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S MESSAGE




An example where the application of Artificial Intelligence with           Exceptional People
Machine Learning within our power tool development is especially
                                                                           To win in our vast served markets, we are obsessively focused on
impactful can be demonstrated on a renewable energy utility-scale
                                                                           hiring the best people. This involves recruiting, training, retaining,
solar panel installation site. A single solar field site can require
                                                                           and investing in top-tier talent, while maintaining a culture of high
millions of repeatable precise connections. Using the MILWAUKEE
                                                                           performance, innovation, and transparency. In 2008, we introduced the
M18 CONTROLLED TORQUE IMPACT WRENCHES enable users
                                                                           TTI Leadership Development Program to bolster our organizational
to make these connections up to three times faster than current
                                                                           growth by creating a pipeline of strong talent. Since its inception, this
methods. Using this tool results in increased productivity that can
                                                                           program has successfully hired over 10,500 LDPs to fuel our growth.
save contractors up to US$1 million on just one job versus current
                                                                           Today, TTI has the strongest and deepest management team in the
application methods.
                                                                           industry, many of whom have been integral to our success over the
                                                                           last decade.
Sustainability
It is our mission to create a sustainable future by reducing our           Breakthrough Leadership
environmental impact through responsible business practices and
                                                                           One way we develop our winning team is through our intensive
environmentally friendly products. We are dedicated to developing
                                                                           “Breakthrough Leadership” senior management training program.
cordless products that not only deliver high performance, but also
                                                                           In these sessions we gather top leaders from around the globe to discuss
minimize energy consumption, improve safety, and reduce noise
                                                                           company objectives, vision, strategy, organizational development, and
pollution with zero carbon emissions in use. As an example, the
                                                                           leadership among other topics. More importantly, throughout these
ONEPWR cordless carpet cleaner launched in 2023 contains high
                                                                           sessions we reinforce our high-speed, high-performance culture and
efficiency motors that provides the same cleaning performance as
                                                                           energize the leadership to pursue and inspire breakthrough thinking
corded alternatives using up to 6 times less energy. We also recently
                                                                           in their own organizations. Alexander the Great once famously said,
launched a RYOBI 60-Watt Foldable Solar Panel, providing users
                                                                           “I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an
with renewable energy that can charge a RYOBI 18V ONE+ 2Ah
                                                                           army of sheep led by a lion”. At TTI, our philosophy is to take this one
battery in under 1 hour.
                                                                           step further and “build armies of lions, led by lions”. Breakthrough
                                                                           Leadership is just one of the tools we use to build this culture.
World Class Manufacturing and Supply Chain
The investments we have made in expanding our manufacturing                Just Getting Started
network beyond our world-class facility in China to Vietnam,
                                                                           Our outstanding performance over the past fifteen years has consistently
Mexico and the United States have served us well. We operate our
                                                                           outpaced the overall market and 2023 was no exception. It is an exciting
manufacturing network with a high degree of flexibility and agility,
                                                                           time to be in a leadership position in the cordless power tool industry,
while striving for continued productivity advancements each year.
                                                                           and we believe we are just getting started. The investments we have
In 2024, we will continue to raise the bar on delivering productivity
                                                                           made in new product development, manufacturing, geographic
gains while maintaining consistently high customer service levels
                                                                           expansion, and in-field marketing initiatives have created a strong
and driving down inventory levels in the network.
                                                                           foundation for our continued growth and strong financial performance.

Geographic Expansion Success                                               I would like to thank our Chairman, Horst Pudwill, and Vice-Chairman,
Expansion into new geographic markets is another important component       Stephan Pudwill for their outstanding leadership, vision and mentorship
of TTI’s success. One great example of the deployment of this strategy     in 2023 and look forward to many years of partnership ahead. The best
can be found in Europe, where we have grown from a very small              is yet to come at TTI!
presence in 2008 to the cordless leadership position in the professional
channels that we hold today. In addition, our performance in Canada,
Australia, and New Zealand has been highly impressive, reflecting our
commitment to cordless leadership on a global scale. Our businesses
in Asia and Latin America are also developing well, and we are excited
about our strategic plans to continue expanding our global presence
in these regions.

                                                                           Joseph Galli Jr
                                                                           Chief Executive Officer
                                                                           March 6, 2024



                                                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     7
STRATEGIC
DRIVERS

                                         ANDS                 INN
                                                                 OV
                                       BR                          AT
                                    UL                               I
                  POW                                                               S
                     ER                                                          UCT
                       F                                                       OD
                                                                             PR
                                                                          VE



                       T IO
               O PE R A                                                         LE
                                                                                OP
                      NA                                                   PE
                           LE    XC                                      L
                                                                            A
                                       EL                                 N
                                               LE                  T   IO
                                                    N CE       E P
                                                           EXC



8   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
TTI is a global strategy-based
organization. We have been
diligent in researching and
refining the key concepts for
ongoing sustainability and
growth. Early on, leadership
identified four strategic areas
that would drive our success:
Powerful Brands, Innovative
Products, Exceptional People
and Operational Excellence.

The synergy in our four strategic drivers
creates a culture of disruptive innovation
and execution resulting in world-class,
powerful brands. This dynamic structure
of interconnectivity not only maximizes
growth and improvement in every area
of our company; but also, delivers the
innovative, high-quality driven products
needed by consumers and professionals
around the world.




P.10      MILWAUKEE

P.28      RYOBI

P.46      HOOVER

P.50      DIRT DEVIL

P.52      VAX
             POWER EQUIPMENT




             It all starts with the user. We don’t make assumptions. Instead, we set out to deliver disruptive
             innovation by getting out on the jobsite, alongside trade professionals, to understand their
             challenges — the frustrations, the needs and previous limitations. We set out to completely
             rethink a solution with new-to-world technology and unparalleled levels of design and
             engineering. Whether it’s bringing cordless power to traditionally corded or gas products and
             manual activities, or advances to fundamental tools and equipment, MILWAUKEE’s focus is
             on working directly with users to deliver new levels of performance, productivity and safety.




MECHANICAL                                ELECTRICAL                      PLUMBING                          REMODELING
                                                                                                                         UTILIT Y


             10   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                             POWER EQUIPMENT




TRADE VERTICAL
   INNOVATION:
   DIVERSIFIED &
     DISRUPTIVE



  TRANSPORTATION
                                      LANDSCAPING &
                   GENERAL



  MAINTENANCE      CONTRACTING        TREE CARE                                  MINING


                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   11
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                 MILWAUKEE continues to lead the subcompact category with innovative
                                                 solutions that deliver portable productivity and performance. In 2023,
                                                 the expansion of the M12 system included multiple trade-dedicated
                                                 solutions. For the carpenter and remodeler, the new M12 FUEL
                                                 Barrel Grip Jig Saw delivers unrivaled performance in a compact
                                                 structure. The automotive technician was delivered the ultimate
                                                 ratchet solution and unrivaled access with the M12 FUEL INSIDER
                                                 Extended Reach Box Ratchet. The continued focus on the users’
                                                 needs can be seen in these and all the other M12 solutions delivered
                                                 in 2023.

                                                 Cordless Platforms
                                                 They last longer, think faster and work harder than all other professional
                                                 lithium-ion batteries. Built to withstand even the harshest environments,
     PORTABLE PRODUCTIVITY                       REDLITHIUM Batteries deliver more work over the life of the battery,
        TRADE FOCUSED                            no matter the job.
         SYSTEM WIDE
                                                 Technology
                                                 Highly advanced motor technology boosts efficiency, generating
                   153 TOOLS                     more power from a compact power source. That means the ultimate
                                                 performance, durability and run-time comes in a smaller, lighter
                                                 package. An advanced combination of hardware and software,
                                                 REDLINK Intelligence enables full-circle communication between
                                                 our batteries and tools, allowing for unmatched levels of performance,
                                                 protection and productivity.




12    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                            POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS




         M12 FUEL Jig Saw               M12 FUEL                       M12 Brushless Rotary Tool
                               18 Gauge Compact Brad Nailer




                                  M12 Brushless 2” Planer




      M12 FUEL INSIDER                  M12 PACKOUT                   M12 Auto Technician
  Extended Reach Box Ratchet      Flood Light w/ USB Charging             Borescope




                                                                Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   13
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                MILWAUKEE introduced the next leap forward in world leading
                                                battery and charging technology with the new M18 REDLITHIUM
                                                FORGE XC6.0 Battery and M18 Dual Bay Simultaneous Super
                                                Charger. These solutions continue the leadership MILWAUKEE
                                                provides tradespeople with the most powerful, fastest charging and
                                                longest life battery. Together, they maximize user productivity by
                                                driving the capability of the M18 system forward, while providing full
                                                compatibility with all M18 tools. This advancement in battery and
                                                charging technologies, along with numerous other trade-focused
                                                solutions launched in 2023 gives credence to those committed
                                                to the M18 system that MILWAUKEE is dedicated to continuing
                                                advancements on this platform.

                                                Cordless Platforms
     PERFORMANCE DRIVEN                         They last longer, think faster and work harder than all other professional
       TRADE FOCUSED                            lithium-ion batteries. Built to withstand even the harshest environments,
         SYSTEM WIDE                            REDLITHIUM Batteries deliver more work over the life of the battery,
                                                no matter the job.

                  284 TOOLS                     Technology
                                                Highly advanced motor technology boosts efficiency, generating
                                                more power from a compact power source. That means the ultimate
                                                performance, durability and run-time comes in a smaller, lighter
                                                package. An advanced combination of hardware and software,
                                                REDLINK Intelligence enables full-circle communication between
                                                our batteries and tools, allowing for unmatched levels of performance,
                                                protection and productivity.




14   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                       POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS                                                                                                                      TM




      M18 FUEL                       M18 FUEL                          M18
   1/2” High Torque          1/2” Controlled Mid-Torque           Compact Brushless                  M18 REDLITHIUM FORGE
    Impact Wrench         Impact Wrench w/ TORQUE-SENSE        1/2” Hammer Drill/Driver                XC6.0 Battery Pack




 M18 Compact Brushless                 M18                           M18 FUEL                 SUPERCHARGER
 1/4” Hex Impact Driver            Rotary Lasers                 5 CFM Vacuum Pump




                                                                      M18 FUEL
                 M18 FUEL
                                                                4-1/2” / 5” Dual-Trigger
                 1/2” Router
                                                                    Braking Grinder




                                                                                                           M18 Dual Bay
                                                    M18 FORCE LOGIC                                  Simultaneous Super Charger
                                                   11T Dieless Latched
                                                   Linear Utility Crimper




                                                                                           Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023    15
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                With the launch of the MILWAUKEE MX FUEL Equipment System,
                                                we entered the multi-billion dollar light equipment space. In 2023,
                                                we continued to push the expectations in battery and charging
                                                capabilities for the MX FUEL system. With the launch of the MX FUEL
                                                REDLITHIUM FORGE HD12.0 and XC8.0 Batteries, MILWAUKEE
                                                delivers more work per charge and can run battery-operated equipment
                                                longer than ever before. When paired with the new MX FUEL Super
                                                Charger, the new MX FUEL Batteries see charging times cut in half,
                                                increasing user productivity. These batteries will work with all previously
                                                released MX FUEL solutions along with the five new solutions launched
                                                in 2023.

                                                Cordless Platforms
                                                They last longer, think faster and work harder than all other professional
     EQUIPMENT REDEFINED                        lithium-ion batteries. Built to withstand even the harshest environments,
       TRADE FOCUSED                            REDLITHIUM Batteries deliver more work over the life of the battery,
         SYSTEM WIDE                            no matter the job.

                                                Technology
                   23 TOOLS                     Highly advanced motor technology boosts efficiency, generating
                                                more power from a compact power source. That means the ultimate
                                                performance, durability and run-time comes in a smaller, lighter
                                                package. An advanced combination of hardware and software,
                                                REDLINK Intelligence enables full-circle communication between
                                                our batteries and tools, allowing for unmatched levels of performance,
                                                protection and productivity.




16   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                             POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS                                                                                                            TM




                                                  MX FUEL
                                        14” Cut-Off Saw w/ RAPIDSTOP




                                                                                         MX FUEL REDLITHIUM FORGE
                                                                                             HD12.0 Battery Pack




                                                                                         MX FUEL REDLITHIUM FORGE
                                                                                              XC8.0 Battery Pack



                 MX FUEL                                       MX FUEL
            20” Plate Compactor                          6” Green Concrete Saw      SUPERCHARGER




                  MX FUEL                                     MX FUEL
        24” Walk-Behind Edging Trowel                   36” Walk-Behind Trowel               MX FUEL Super Charger




                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023    17
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                MILWAUKEE continued to launch high-performance solutions for the
                                                landscape maintenance professional in 2023, expanding its Outdoor
                                                Power Equipment category. With the introduction of the M18 FUEL
                                                17” Dual Battery String Trimmer, it delivers the most powerful and
                                                fastest clearing string trimmer in the industry. The new M18 FUEL
                                                Telescoping Pole Saw is the industry’s most powerful telescoping pole
                                                saw against gas or battery powered. The new M18 FUEL Top Handle
                                                Chainsaw cuts faster and provides the power to cut hardwoods. Both
                                                solutions are designed to meet the performance and durability needs of
                                                the tree care professional and being true examples of industry-leading
                                                solutions MILWAUKEE is bringing to this rapidly expanding category.
OUTDOOR POWER
                                                Cordless Platforms
  EQUIPMENT                                     They last longer, think faster and work harder than all other professional
                                                lithium-ion batteries. Built to withstand even the harshest environments,
                                                REDLITHIUM Batteries deliver more work over the life of the battery,
                                                no matter the job.

                                                Technology
                                                Highly advanced motor technology boosts efficiency, generating
                                                more power from a compact power source. That means the ultimate
                                                performance, durability and run-time comes in a smaller, lighter
                                                package. An advanced combination of hardware and software,
                                                REDLINK Intelligence enables full-circle communication between
                                                our batteries and tools, allowing for unmatched levels of performance,
                                                protection and productivity.




18   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                             POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS




                         M18 FUEL
                    Telescoping Pole Saw




                       M18 Brushless                                   M18 FUEL
               Telescoping Pole Pruning Shears                Dual Battery Backpack Blower




                         M18 FUEL                       M18 FUEL                     M12 Brushless
               17” Dual Battery String Trimmer   14” Top Handle Chainsaw             Pruning Shears




                       M18 FUEL
                      Brush Cutter


                                                      M18 FUEL                        M18 FUEL
                                                 QUIK-LOK Reciprocator          QUIK-LOK Bed Redefiner
                                                      Attachment                      Attachment




                                                                Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   19
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                MILWAUKEE is committed to providing professional users with
                                                a broad range of accessory solutions that save time and increase
                                                productivity on the jobsite. Our solutions are engineered to deliver
                                                maximum life, durability and speed. We continue to lead in multiple
                                                product segments through our investment in new technologies and
                                                best-in-class manufacturing capabilities.

                                                As a result of our leadership position in carbide technology, we delivered
                                                ground-breaking performance in the Oscillating Multi-Tool Blades
                                                category. In 2023, we introduced two new Oscillating Multi-Tool Blades,
                                                NITRUS CARBIDE Extreme Metal Blades and NITRUS CARBIDE
                                                Extreme Material Blades. Both delivering Oscillating Multi-Tool users
      POWER TOOL                                breakthrough performance with the fastest cutting and longest life
     ACCESSORIES                                blades on the jobsite.

                                                Our focus on the plumbing, mechanical, electrical and automotive
                                                industries continued in 2023 with the dedicated launches to our
                                                users. The launch of 100+ precision-machined Tap and Die solutions
                                                demonstrates our commitment to users through our clearest size
                                                markings and innovative 2-in-1 threading handle to consolidate the
                                                number of components users need to complete jobs.

                                                Strut Shearing Dies were also added to MILWAUKEE’s line of solutions
                                                to support electricians and deliver accurate and consistent cuts every
                                                time when used with M18 FORCE LOGIC Single Channel Strut Shear.
                                                Additionally, MILWAUKEE launched a full line of SHOCKWAVE Impact
                                                Duty Lug Nut Wheel Sockets featuring an innovative ARMOR-GUARD
                                                Sleeve made with premium, durable plastic for lasting protection
                                                against cracking or shredding during wheel installation and removals.




20   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                       POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS




         DIAMOND ULTRA Blades         Green Concrete Diamond Blades                  SHOCKWAVE Impact Duty
                                                                                      1/2” Drive Metric & SAE
                                                                                     Lug Nut Wheel Socket Set




                                 NITRUS CARBIDE        NITRUS CARBIDE                SHOCKWAVE Impact Duty
                                   Extreme Metal       Extreme Materials               2” 2-in-1 Magnetic
                                 Multi-Tool Blades     Multi-Tool Blades                 Nut Driver Set




         38 Pc SAE Tap and Die                  INSIDER                             Single Channel Combination
             PACKOUT Set                   Box Ratchet Sockets                          Strut Shearing Dies




                                                                           Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   21
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                The PACKOUT Modular Storage System is the most versatile and
                                                durable modular storage system in the industry. Now with over 100
                                                fully interchangeable solutions, the MILWAUKEE PACKOUT Modular
                                                Storage System continues to expand to meet the professional’s
                                                tool storage, transportation and organization needs. In 2023, we
                                                introduced an expansion of Shop Storage, bringing the versatility of
                                                PACKOUT into the shop so users can fully customize their storage
                                                with wall plates, hooks, tool racks, tool holders and a cabinet that
                                                connects with all PACKOUT solutions. Also expanding in 2023 was
                                                the offering of PACKOUT Structured Tote and Tool bags, additional
                                                PACKOUT Drawer Tool Boxes and multiple hydration solutions,
                                                including multiple sizes of Insulated Bottles and Tumblers.




22   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                    POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS




         PACKOUT                 PACKOUT                     PACKOUT                          PACKOUT
     10” Structured Tote   15” Structured Tool Bag   24oz Insulated Bottle – Red         30oz Tumbler – Black




                                  PACKOUT
                                                                                              PACKOUT
                            Multi-Depth 3-Drawer
                                                                                           4-Drawer Tool Box
                                   Tool Box




                                PACKOUT                                                       PACKOUT
                            Compact Wall Basket                                           Large Magnetic Bin




                                                                        Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   23
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                MILWAUKEE is dedicated to creating personal protective equipment
                                                that addresses the real-world hazards of the jobsite. In 2023,
                                                MILWAUKEE introduced their new BOLT Safety Helmet with IMPACT
                                                ARMOR Liner that provides the user with advanced slip, trip and
                                                fall protection. MILWAUKEE also added a line of cooling products
                                                designed for hot environments. These new products are part of the
                                                BOLT system that allows a user to secure accessories simultaneously
                                                giving them more productivity on the jobsite without sacrificing safety.

                                                MILWAUKEE added additional cut levels in their High Dexterity Gloves
                                                and a One Pocket High Visibility Safety Vest to their existing portfolio
                                                that also includes eye protection, hearing protection, respirators, knee
        PERSONAL                                pads and tethering. MILWAUKEE is committed to providing solutions
       PROTECTIVE                               that help the user STAY SAFE. STAY PRODUCTIVE.
       EQUIPMENT




24   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                  POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS




                 BOLT Safety Helmet
               w/ IMPACT ARMOR Liner                                       Cooling Towel




                                                  BOLT               Cut Level 4 High-Dexterity
                                       Cooling Safety Helmet Liner     Nitrile Dipped Gloves




                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   25
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                MILWAUKEE continues the commitment to releasing top-performing,
                                                trade focused, hand tool solutions. Driven by providing innovation
                                                and productivity to users, 2023 saw the launch of numerous hand
                                                tool solutions for the electrician. Multiple new cutting pliers launched
                                                in 2023, each delivering the easiest cuts and smoothest opens and
                                                close for electricians and linemen. Additionally, the new Cushion Grip
                                                Screwdrivers offer users the best and most precise fit. These are
                                                just a few of the many electrical focused hand tools introduced by
                                                MILWAUKEE in 2023.



      HAND TOOLS




26   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                 POWER EQUIPMENT




   NEW PRODUCTS




                                                                   6 Pc Cushion-Grip                   6 Pc 1000V Insulated Slim Tip
                                                                  Screwdriver Set (USA)                       Screwdriver Set




                   20’ Glow Fish Tape                              14-in-1 Ratcheting                10-24 AWG Compact Dipped Grip
                  w/ Non-Conductive Tip                             Multi-Bit Driver                      Wire Stripper & Cutter




                 8” Diagonal Dipped Grip                             9” Lineman’s                             8” Long Nose
                   Cutting Pliers (USA)                         Dipped Grip Pliers (USA)                 Comfort Grip Pliers (USA)




                                          25ft Electrician’s Compact Wide Blade            9 Pc Hex Key Set – SAE
                                          Magnetic Tape Measure w/ 15’ Reach*




*Based on Maximum Extension of Average Professional User
                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   27
POWER EQUIPMENT




RYOBI continues to innovate and lead the way as the #1 DIY Tool       RYOBI 18V ONE+ HP & 40V HP Brushless tools utilize advanced
Brand on the planet. The breadth of line, cordless convenience,       technologies and superior ergonomics to deliver high performance
and value of products, all compatible with a battery interface that   tools and a premium user experience like never before. RYOBI
has remained consistent since 1996, makes the RYOBI 18V ONE+          WHISPER SERIES products, its quietest range of products, enables
Cordless System the platform of choice for users from DIYers to       users to utilize high performing products that are engineered to be
professionals. For tackling more demanding yardwork, the RYOBI        quieter by design. The RYOBI LINK Modular Storage system continues
40V system provides gas performance with cordless convenience.        to grow and enables users to easily organize, access, and transport
The RYOBI 80V system, introduced in 2022, features the most           their lives with a wide variety of customizable wall and mobile storage
powerful products to date from RYOBI, allowing users to eliminate     solutions. Rounding out the RYOBI family is the USB LITHIUM cordless
gas and operate Zero Turn Riding Mowers, Lawn Tractors and more       platform, now offering over twenty compact and portable tools that
on clean, quiet, zero emission battery power.                         are rechargeable via a USB-C port in the included battery.




        DIY                            H O BBY/CR A F T & MA K ER                  L AWN & GA R DEN                  LI FEST Y L E & RECREAT IO N



28    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                               POWER EQUIPMENT




                             SETTING THE
     RYOBI Systems




                                BAR HIGH
                             AS THE #1 DIY
                              TOOL BRAND




REMODEL              STO R AG E & O RGA N I ZAT I ON   T R A N S P ORTAT I ON MA I N T EN A N C E                CLEANING



                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   29
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                The RYOBI 18V ONE+ System features over 300 innovative product
                                                solutions, giving users the ultimate versatility and selection to get the
                                                job done. With cordless LITHIUM technology, RYOBI powers through
                                                almost anything. From drilling, cutting, fastening, and cleaning,
                                                to lighting, plumbing, trimming, mowing, and clearing, the ONE+
                                                System gives users The Power To Do More.

                                                Best of all, RYOBI stayed true to its same 18V battery platform
                                                giving its users peace of mind as they expand their collections.
                                                The newest products and batteries from RYOBI’s 18V ONE+ System
                                                are compatible with the same RYOBI tools and batteries from 1996.
                                                So no matter our user’s interest or skill level, whether they’re on
                                                the jobsite or at home, there’s a ONE+ product for everyone.




                                                    RYOBI 18V ONE+ HP tools
                                                    feature premium brushless motors,
                                                    advanced electronics, and high
                                                    performance LITHIUM batteries to deliver
                                                    a best-in-class user experience. These high
                                                    performance tools utilize advanced technology
                                                    to deliver more power, runtime, durability, and speed.
                                                    18V ONE+ HP tools are designed with superior ergonomics
                                                    without sacrificing performance.




30   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS




                  18V ONE+ HP Compact
               Brushless 8” Pruning Chainsaw


                                               18V ONE+ AIRSTRIKE                    18V ONE+ HP Brushless
                                                 23GA Pin Nailer                        510 CFM Blower




                 18V ONE+ Dual Function            18V ONE+
                  Digital Inflator/Deflator      350 CFM Blower




                       18V ONE+ HP                                      18V ONE+ Workbench
                    Brushless Multi-Tool                                     LED Light




                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   31
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                The RYOBI 40V System, where power meets convenience in the realm
                                                of outdoor lawn and garden care. Designed to deliver the strength to
                                                tackle any task with confidence, these tools transcend the limitations of
                                                traditional gas-powered equipment. Harnessing the energy of LITHIUM
                                                battery technology, the 40V System outperforms gas alternatives, offering
                                                a seamless outdoor experience without the hassle of maintenance or
                                                trips to the gas station.

                                                With a diverse array of tools including mowers, blowers, string
                                                trimmers, chainsaws, earth augers, and snow blowers, the 40V
                                                System ensures you’re equipped for any challenge, regardless of
                                                the season or environment. Versatility is key, and with the ability
                                                for a single battery to power all your needs, you can focus on the
                                                task at hand without interruption.

                                                Leading the transition from gas to cordless, RYOBI 40V sets the gold
                                                standard in the cordless outdoor power equipment industry, allowing
                                                you to spend less time managing equipment and more time achieving
                                                your outdoor goals.




32   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                           POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS




                 40V HP Brushless                      40V HP Brushless                            40V 550 CFM
               16” Carbon Fiber Shaft               1200 PSI Pressure Washer                        Leaf Blower
                   String Trimmer




                                                                                                40V HP Brushless
                              40V HP Brushless                                                  WHISPER SERIES
                          Brush Cutter/String Trimmer                                            22” Two-Stage
                                                                                                  Snow Blower




                                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   33
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                RYOBI 18V ONE+ HP, 40V HP, and 80V HP Brushless products deliver
                                                more power, runtime, durability, and speed using powerful brushless
                                                motors, advanced electronics, and high performance lithium technology.
                                                RYOBI HP Brushless products deliver everything users expect in
                                                their power tools, outdoor power equipment and beyond, while still
                                                providing the RYOBI battery platform compatibility they expect across
                                                the 18V ONE+, 40V, and 80V Platforms.

                                                RYOBI’s WHISPER SERIES products are engineered to outperform
                                                their gas counterparts while being RYOBI’s quietest range of products,
                                                allowing users to get maximum performance with quieter design.




                                                    RYOBI WHISPER SERIES advantage vs
                                                    Gas Products: A difference you can hear.

                                                                                                GAS


                                                                                                WHISPER SERIES




34   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                        POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS




                         18V ONE+ HP Brushless                 18V ONE+ HP
                        Brush Cutter/String Trimmer        Compact Brushless Blower




               40V HP Brushless                       40V HP Brushless
           WHISPER SERIES 20” Hybrid                   18” Chainsaw
                  Air Cannon




                                                            Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   35
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                As the Number One Cordless Outdoor Power Brand, RYOBI offers a wide range of
                                                mowers across its 18V ONE+, 40V, and 80V families. The 18V ONE+ HP Brushless
                                                WHISPER SERIES 20” Lawn Mower harnesses the power of four 18V ONE+ batteries
                                                to provide a mower capable of mowing up to 1/3 of an acre on a single battery
                                                charge while allowing users to utilize those batteries on any of the additional 300+
                                                18V ONE+ products. The 80V HP Lithium Riding Lawn Tractor, RYOBI’s newest


Lawn Mowers
                                                riding lawn mower, provides the power equivalence of up to 23 HP and cut up
                                                to 2.5 acres on a single charge. Combined with a suite of attachments including
                                                bagging and mulching options, plus the ability to tow up to 500 lbs, these lawn
                                                tractors provide a cordless option to an entirely new segment of customers.

                                                RYOBI’s lineup of over 20 lawn mowers ensure that every user with any size yard
                                                can find a cordless option to fit their lawn maintenance needs.




                                                    RYOBI is well positioned to lead the transition from gas to battery-powered
                                                    outdoor power equipment and extend our leadership position in noise
                                                    reduction with an expanded lineup of RYOBI WHISPER SERIES products.
                                                    These products are focused on addressing the growing number of regions
                                                    and areas introducing restrictions on the usage of gas-powered outdoor
                                                    equipment that emit harmful carbon emissions and generate unacceptable
                                                    levels of noise. RYOBI WHISPER SERIES products are more powerful and
                                                    engineered to be quieter by design.




36   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                  POWER EQUIPMENT




FLAGSHIP PRODUCTS




       18V ONE+ HP Brushless                   40V HP Brushless WHISPER SERIES          80V HP Brushless WHISPER SERIES
         WHISPER SERIES                          Self-Propelled AWD Multi-Blade            30” Cross Cut Self-Propelled
          20” Lawn Mower                                 21” Lawn Mower                           Lawn Mower




                           80V HP Brushless 42”                                 80V HP Brushless
                           Lithium Electric Riding                             54” Lithium Electric
                                 Lawn Tractor                                 Zero Turn Riding Mower




                                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   37
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                RYOBI USB LITHIUM products, introduced in 2022, power a line
                                                of handheld portable solutions replacing tools usually powered by
                                                disposable alkalaine batteries. All USB LITHIUM batteries are easily
                                                recharged via any USB-C cable.

                                                The system was introduced with a Cordless Screwdriver, Rotary Tool,
                                                Power Cutter and Power Carver, and has since expanded to over
                                                20 solutions including categories such as lighting, air movement,
                                                and hobby & maker products. RYOBI is excited to continue its growth
                                                in this system in 2024 with USB LITHIUM providing compact,
                                                rechargeable solutions for cordless power and productivity.




38   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                             POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS




                                                    USB LITHIUM
                                                    3/8” Ratchet

           USB LITHIUM
            Multi-Head
            Screwdriver




                                       USB LITHIUM LED
                                      Magnetic Clamp Light




                 USB LITHIUM                       USB LITHIUM
                Desktop Vacuum                      Foam Cutter




                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   39
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                The RYOBI LINK Modular Storage System is a game-changer in
                                                organization, accessibility, and mobility. With a diverse range of
                                                wall and mobile solutions, LINK offers unparalleled customization,
                                                empowering users to streamline their lives wherever they go.

                                                From home to the jobsite and everywhere in between, LINK
                                                revolutionizes organization, providing users with versatile and
                                                durable storage solutions tailored to their needs. With the release
                                                of new mobile and wall rail solutions in 2023 and further expansion
                                                planned for 2024, the LINK system continues to evolve, ensuring
                                                it remains the ultimate storage solution for users seeking seamless
                                                organization from the garage to the jobsite and beyond.




                                                   Allowing users to Organize, Access, and Transport their lives,
                                                   the RYOBI LINK Modular Storage System seamlessly connects
                                                   wall and mobile storage needs. LINK creates an endlessly
                                                   customizable storage solution for all users from homeowners
                                                   to professionals, allowing them to own their space.




40   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                      POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS




               LINK                                      LINK
        Garage Door Cabinet                       Wall Mounted Cabinet




                                                 LINK Compact
                                               Small Parts Organizer




                                  LINK                                        LINK
                              21” Wire Shelf                              21” Solid Shelf




                                                          Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   41
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                RYOBI is a pioneering force in cordless cleaning, redefining industry standards with
                                                its expansive product line. From the USB LITHIUM, 18V ONE+, to the 40V platforms,
                                                RYOBI offers a comprehensive array of cleaning tools meticulously engineered to
                                                cater to diverse user needs.

                                                Anchored by robust vacuums, spot cleaners, scrubbers, power cleaners, and
                                                pressure washers, the RYOBI Cordless cleaning family delivers unparalleled
                                                performance and versatility. A highlight of 2023 was the introduction of the 18V

      Cordless                                  ONE+ HP SWIFTClean Mid-Size Spot Cleaner boasting 4X more suction and
                                                best-in-class stain removal capabilities.

      Cleaning                                  Looking ahead to 2024, RYOBI is set to expand its offerings with three new stick
                                                vacuums, led by the groundbreaking 18V ONE+ HP SWIFTClean Wet/Dry Stick
                                                Vacuum. This innovative addition not only enhances efficiency by combining
                                                vacuuming and mopping into a single task but also empowers users to tackle
                                                a myriad of messes on hard floors with ease.

                                                With a commitment to innovation and excellence, RYOBI maintains its position
                                                at the forefront of the cordless cleaning industry. Backed by cutting-edge battery
                                                technology that powers expansive cordless systems, RYOBI continues to set the
                                                standard for comprehensive and effective cleaning solutions.



                                                    Cleaning Unplugged
                                                    Make chores easier with RYOBI cordless cleaning products. Easy-to-use
                                                    and ergonomic, RYOBI has all users cleaning needs covered from vacuums
                                                    to scrubbers, power cleaners and more. Power through the mess without
                                                    breaking a sweat.




42   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                            POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS




                   USB LITHIUM
                   Power Scrubber




      18V ONE+ HP SWIFTClean        18V ONE+ HP High Capacity   18V ONE+ HP SWIFTClean       18V ONE+ HP Advanced
        Mid-Size Spot Cleaner             Stick Vacuum            Wet/Dry Stick Vacuum            Stick Vacuum




                                                                                Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   43
POWER EQUIPMENT




                                                RYOBI offers a comprehensive lineup of power solutions designed
                                                to meet a spectrum of needs. Whether you’re on a jobsite, exploring
                                                the outdoors, tailgating with friends, or facing a power outage at home,
                                                our range of power solutions ensures your devices remain operational
                                                in any situation. Harnessing the reliability of USB LITHIUM, 18V ONE+,
                                                40V, and 80V batteries, alongside dedicated power solutions, RYOBI


Power Sources
                                                offers safe and efficient alternatives to gas-powered systems. With
                                                products that support running appliances to topping up a mobile
                                                device, RYOBI offers a power solution to keep you connected and
                                                powered no matter your need.




                                                    Cordless Power Stations
                                                    RYOBI’s portable power stations are tailored for on-the-go
                                                    use, making them ideal companions for tailgating, camping,
                                                    and at home outages. Say goodbye to the noise and fumes
                                                    of gas generators; RYOBI’s battery-powered options provide
                                                    quiet, emission-free power for a range of devices including
                                                    cell phones, laptops, lights, TVs, and even refrigerators.




44   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                           POWER EQUIPMENT




NEW PRODUCTS




           USB LITHIUM                18V ONE+                                   80V Battery
             Battery            1800 Watt Power Station                         Power Source




                                                                                21-Watt Foldable
                                                                                  Solar Panel




                         60-Watt Foldable                 14-Watt Foldable
                           Solar Panel                      Solar Panel




                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   45
FLOORCARE & CLEANING




                                                The Original Name in Cleaning Innovation
                                                is the One That Started It All
                                                HOOVER continues to lead the industry in 2023, designing, developing
                                                and delivering new technology while expanding the range of products
                                                to transform every aspect of whole-home cleaning. From an increased
                                                focus on the ONEPWR cordless cleaning network to an expanded line
                                                of cleaning solutions, HOOVER delivers advanced, game-changing
                                                innovation for an ever-increasing range of cleaning needs. As the
                                                brand that started it all, HOOVER continues to challenge the status
                                                quo in the cleaning industry.




46   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                 FLOORCARE & CLEANING




NEW PRODUCTS




   CLEANSLATE XL                                 WINDTUNNEL
  Carpet & Upholstery                             ALL-TERRAIN
                                                                     World’s Fastest Growing Spot Cleaning Brand
     Spot Cleaner                                Upright Vacuum
                                                                     Bolstered by the release of the ONEPWR CLEANSLATE and
                                                                     CLEANSLATE XL, HOOVER is proud to be the world’s fastest-
                                                                     growing spot cleaning brand. By delivering easy-to-use products
                                                                     packed with advanced cleaning technology, users can now
                                                                     erase spots and stains faster and easier than ever before.




                         ONEPWR EMERGE
                            ALL-TERRAIN
                        Cordless Stick Vacuum




    SMARTWASH                                     STREAMLINE
    Carpet Washer                               Hard Floor Cleaner




                                                                                         Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023      47
FLOORCARE & CLEANING




                                                ONEPWR: The World’s Most
                                                Advanced Cleaning Network
                                                With over 20 cordless cleaning products, the HOOVER ONEPWR system
                                                of cordless cleaning products has expanded and improved more than
                                                ever in 2023. The introduction of the world’s first cordless carpet
                                                cleaner, ONEPWR SMARTWASH, has unlocked the potential of the
                                                ONEPWR cordless cleaning network. It is now possible to clean hard
                                                floors, spot clean, vacuum, carpet clean and more, all with the same
                                                battery. HOOVER has “cut the cord” on whole-home cleaning without
                                                compromising the performance homeowners expect, all while offering
                                                virtually limitless runtime with batteries within the ONEPWR network.




48   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                  FLOORCARE & CLEANING




NEW PRODUCTS




                                                                                                              ONEPWR HAND VAC
                                                                                                             Cordless Hand Vacuum




                             ONEPWR STREAMLINE                                  ONEPWR EMERGE PET
                            Cordless Hard Floor Cleaner                         Cordless Stick Vacuum

                                                                                                            ONEPWR CLEANSLATE
                                                                                                          Cordless Carpet & Upholstery
   ONEPWR SMARTWASH                                   ONEPWR EVOLVE PET ELITE                                     Spot Cleaner
   Cordless Carpet Washer                                 Cordless Vacuum




                                                                                        World’s First Full-size Cordless
                                                                                        Carpet Washer
                                                                                        HOOVER has once again delivered true
                                                                                        cleaning innovation by leveraging user-driven
                                                                                        innovation in engineering and advancements
                                                                                        in the ONEPWR system. With the introduction
                                                                                        of ONEPWR SMARTWASH, a new age of
                                                                                        cordless cleaning technology is ushered in.




                                                                                          Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023       49
FLOORCARE & CLEANING




                                                DIRT DEVIL Cleans Everything
                                                DIRT DEVIL has leveraged its hard-earned name to transform from
                                                a vacuum company to a brand synonymous with all things cleaning.
                                                With an incredible lineup of expansion items launched, now, DIRT
                                                DEVIL cleans everything. Throughout the home, DIRT DEVIL delivers
                                                a truly comprehensive cleaning experience in the kitchen, bathroom
                                                and beyond. By giving users the simplicity and functionality they
                                                need for cleaning tasks, big and small, DIRT DEVIL has become
                                                the brand for trusted, high-quality solutions for every cleaning need.




50   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                               FLOORCARE & CLEANING




NEW PRODUCTS




      PORTABLE SPOT          CARPET WASHER           MULTI-SURFACE REWIND+       MULTI-SURFACE TOTAL PET+
     Carpet & Upholstery   Full Size Carpet Washer       Upright Vacuum                Upright Vacuum
        Spot Cleaner




    CLEANING SLIPPERS           STEAM MOP                 BROOM VAC                       GRAB & GO
     Hard Floor Cleaner       Hard Floor Cleaner     Cordless Broom Vacuum           Cordless Hand Vacuum




                                                                        Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   51
FLOORCARE & CLEANING




                                                TTI continues to experience ongoing success with VAX’s ONEPWR cordless
                                                cleaning range — a diverse assortment of vacuums, spot washers, and
                                                hard floor cleaners, all fuelled by a versatile, interchangeable lithium-ion
                                                battery. Transitioning between various cleaning tasks is made effortless,
                                                thanks to the ability to simply transfer the battery between products.

                                                The most recent addition to the ONEPWR system is the VAX BLADE 5 range,
                                                designed to combat dust and dirt on all surfaces, from hard floor to carpet.

                                                The highlight of the range is the VAX BLADE 5 Dual Pet and Car; with extra
                                                tools for cleaning both home and car, it comes complete with an additional
                                                ONEPWR battery, which offers an impressive 90-minute runtime.




                                                   NEW PRODUCTS




                                                                                                           Glide 2




                                                                                                          ONEPWR
                                                                                                         SPOTWASH




                                                            BLADE 5 Dual Pet and Car                   ONEPWR 4Ah
                                                                                                         Battery


52   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                  FLOORCARE & CLEANING




VAX is broadening its selection of carpet cleaners and spot washers
with the latest addition, the VAX SPOTWASH MAX range. Boasting 30%
increased suction power, it stands as our most powerful solution for
achieving optimal cleaning outcomes, expertly designed to tackle even
the most persistent of stains and spills. What’s more, the larger tank
capacity allows users to effortlessly clean their entire home and car.

It has also been a successful year for carpet washers, with the launch
of the VAX SMARTWASH Pet-Design, which makes deep cleaning carpets
quick, easy and thorough. Multiple modes and tools, powerful SpinScrub
technology and the addition of Platinum Antibacterial Solution make it
VAX’s most advanced carpet washer yet.




   NEW PRODUCTS




            PLATINUM SMARTWASH                   RAPID POWER 2
                  Pet-Design                         Reach




               SPOTWASH MAX                        VAX PLATINUM
                 Pet-Design                   Antibacterial 4L Solution




                          Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023        53
Management’s Discussion and Analysis
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS                                                     Our MILWAUKEE Hand Tool business continues to grow at impressive
                                                                         rates. This year we launched a range of Made-in-USA electrician’s
Power Equipment                                                          hand tools manufactured in West Bend, Wisconsin. Pliers manufactured
The TTI Power Equipment segment delivered sales of US$12.8 billion       in the factory are forged for strength and each cutting edge is laser
in 2023, up 3.8% in reported currency and up 4.1% in local               hardened for long life. Screwdrivers made in our West Bend factory
currency.                                                                feature patent pending laser etched tips that provide superior grip
                                                                         when fastening.
MILWAUKEE
                                                                         MILWAUKEE PACKOUT modular storage solutions continue to
Our flagship MILWAUKEE business grew 10.7% in local currency
                                                                         perform well with end-users. This system now contains 102
with reported sales up 10.3%. All our MILWAUKEE growth categories
                                                                         interchangeable products that have changed the way professionals
performed well, with the Hand Tools, PACKOUT Storage, and
                                                                         transport materials from the jobsite to their vehicles, and to their
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) businesses outperforming the
                                                                         shops. MILWAUKEE PACKOUT is another example of the success
fleet average. In local currency, North America grew 9.9%, Europe
                                                                         of the network effect at TTI. Like our battery platforms, when we
delivered 13.7% growth and Rest of World delivered 13.0% growth.
                                                                         add additional products to the MILWAUKEE PACKOUT system, it
MILWAUKEE significantly expanded its market leadership position in       enhances the value of the network overall and increases the loyalty
2023 with the launch of our MILWAUKEE FORGE battery technology.          of end users already in the system.
MILWAUKEE pioneered lithium-ion batteries in the power tool
                                                                         Our MILWAUKEE Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) product line
industry in 2005. Since then, we have relentlessly advanced this
                                                                         continues to gain end-user support and adoption. The innovation
state-of-the-art cell technology. The RED LITHIUM MILWAUKEE
                                                                         within our MILWAUKEE BOLT hard hat and helmet system allows
FORGE batteries, used in conjunction with the advanced electronics
                                                                         users to customize safety equipment to their specific jobsite needs.
in our MILWAUKEE Superchargers, can reach 80% charge in 15
                                                                         With the addition of the MILWAUKEE BOLT compatible Personal
minutes or less. This advancement significantly boosts productivity
                                                                         Cooling Solutions, this system now contains 49 interchangeable
for our users on the jobsite and is just another example of
                                                                         accessories.
demonstrably better product that commands a price premium.
This is part of our virtuous cycle of developing innovative products
                                                                         RYOBI
with an accretive gross margin, which funds strategic SG&A
                                                                         Our Consumer Power Equipment business improved in the second
investment to drive sales and further gross margin improvement.
                                                                         half of 2023, led by the strength of our RYOBI brand worldwide.
Our industry-leading MILWAUKEE M18 platform now contains                 The actions we have taken to size the SG&A and overhead structure
284 products for users in verticals like Infrastructure, Construction,   of this business to support our DIY growth projections, will allow us
Power Utility, Renewable Energy, Mining, Data-Com, and Transportation    to continue to improve profitability in 2024 and beyond.
Maintenance, to name just a few. The MILWAUKEE M18 Strut Shear,
                                                                         We are extremely excited to announce the launch of our new RYOBI
commonly used in the Infrastructure vertical, is one example of
                                                                         18V LITHIUM HP EDGE Batteries. A combination of advanced lithium
breakthrough cordless innovation that allows users to make high
                                                                         cell designs and onboard electronics enable these new batteries to
quality cuts on the jobsite, saving time and energy versus the
                                                                         enhance the performance of all our existing tools and take the RYOBI
hydraulic competition.
                                                                         ONE+ system to a whole new level of performance.
MILWAUKEE continues to invest in the sub-compact MILWAUKEE
                                                                         The RYOBI 18V ONE+ platform now contains 307 products with
M12 system which now features 153 products. The recently launched
                                                                         186 Power Tools, 89 Outdoor, and 32 Cleaning products. In 2023,
MILWAUKEE M12 Auto Technician Borescope is an example of
                                                                         we introduced the new RYOBI 18V ONE+ HP AIRSTRIKE Framing
a new product intended for users in the expanding Transportation
                                                                         Nailer. The performance capability of the new cordless framing
Maintenance vertical.
                                                                         nailer showcases our cordless innovation, allowing users to get the
At the recent World of Concrete event in Las Vegas, Nevada,              performance they need without the compressors, air hoses or gas
we announced the addition of 5 MILWAUKEE MX FUEL Light                   cartridges of legacy competitors.
Equipment products, bringing the total of this system to 23.
                                                                         The RYOBI 40V platform powers 91 products including our 21inch
All products, from the MX FUEL RAMMER to the MX FUEL HIGH
                                                                         RYOBI WHISPER Series Mower. This mower is one of many RYOBI
CYCLE BACKPACK CONCRETE VIBRATOR, were extremely well
                                                                         products leading the outdoor power equipment industry towards
received. We are at the beginning of our buildout of the MILWAUKEE
                                                                         battery-powered cordless solutions. The transition to cordless is
MX FUEL Light Equipment platform, and this system holds massive
                                                                         increasingly gaining traction as many jurisdictions are beginning
future growth potential.
                                                                         to regulate noise and carbon emissions. As an example, in the


54    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                    MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




United States, the state of Colorado is encouraging cordless            Investments in product design and development amounted to
adoption by offering consumer rebates for purchasing cordless           US$548 million, representing 4.0% of turnover (2022: 3.7%)
outdoor power equipment. We are working with our partners to            reflecting our continuous focus on innovation. We will continue to
maximize this user conversion opportunity.                              invest in breakthrough technology and deliver broad base end-user
                                                                        products and categories as these are most critical, not only to
Our RYOBI USB LITHIUM series provides compact, portable,
                                                                        maintain sales growth momentum, but also margin expansion.
rechargeable solutions that are perfect for day-to-day use. Offering
a variety of products, from ratchets for household assembly projects,   Net interest expense for the year amounted to US$79 million as
to clamp fans and other products for hobby and craft enthusiasts,       compared to US$44 million in 2022, representing 0.6% of turnover
this system is rapidly gaining traction. The USB LITHIUM system         (2022: 0.3%). The increase was mainly due to the eleven consecutive
will have over 23 products by June 2024.                                interest rate increases since 2022.

                                                                        The effective tax rate, being tax charged for the year to before tax
Floorcare & Cleaning
                                                                        profits was at 7.5% (2022: 6.9%). The Group will continue to leverage
Our Floorcare and Cleaning business delivered sales growth
                                                                        its global operations and align its strategy to manage various tax
in 2023 of 1.5% in local currency to US$937 million and profit
                                                                        policies changes globally to further improve overall tax efficiencies.
increased US$65.3 million versus last year to US$27.2 million.
Our streamlined and refocused approach to this business has             Liquidity And Financial Resources
allowed us to improve profitability, while developing exciting
new products. In Q4 2023, we introduced the industry’s first            Shareholders’ Funds
cordless Carpet Washer with the launch of the HOOVER ONEPWR             Total shareholders’ funds amounted to US$5.7 billion as compared
SMARTWASH Carpet Washer.                                                to US$5.2 billion in 2022. Book value per share was at US$3.13
                                                                        as compared to US$2.84 last year, an increase of 10.2%.


FINANCIAL REVIEW                                                        Financial Position
                                                                        The Group continued to maintain a strong financial position.
Financial Results                                                       As at December 31, 2023, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents
                                                                        amounted to US$953 million (2022: US$1,429 million), of which
Result Analysis
                                                                        44.6%, 16.2%, 13.8%, and 25.4% were denominated in EUR,
The Group’s revenue for the year amounted to US$13.7 billion,
                                                                        US$, AUD and other currencies respectively.
an increase of 3.6% as compared to US$13.3 billion in 2022.
Profit attributable to Owners of the Company amounted to                The Group generated free cash flow of US$1,281 million for the year
US$976 million as compared to US$1,077 million in 2022,                 as compared to US$329 million last year. (Free cash flow equals to
a decrease of 9.4%. Basic earnings per share for the year was           net cash from operating activities, less purchase of property, plant
at US53.36 cents as compared to US58.86 cents in 2022.                  and equipment, less additions to intangible assets, and add proceeds
                                                                        from disposal of property, plant and equipment).
EBIT amounted to US$1,135 million, a decrease of 5.5% as
compared to US$1,201 million in 2022.                                   The Group’s net gearing, expressed as a percentage of total net
                                                                        borrowing (excluding bank advance from factored trade receivables
Gross Margin                                                            which are without recourse in nature) to equity attributable to Owners
Gross margin improved to 39.5% as compared to 39.3% last year.          of the Company, was at 17.1% as compared to 32.1% in 2022.
The margin improvement was the result of mix improvements by
MILWAUKEE’s growth and the high margin aftermarket battery              Bank Borrowings
business and accretive innovative new products.                         Long term borrowings accounted for 53.3% of total debts (2022: 38.7%).

                                                                        The Group’s major borrowings continued to be in US$. Borrowings
Operating Expenses                                                      are predominantly Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) based.
Total operating expenses for the year amounted to US$4,302 million      There is a natural hedge mechanism in place as the Group’s major
as compared to US$4,025 million in 2022, representing 31.3% of          revenues are in US$ and currency exposure therefore is low. Currency,
turnover (2022: 30.4%). The increase was mainly due to our strategic    interest rate exposures, and cash management functions are all being
investments and promotional activities to drive inventory reductions    closely monitored and managed by the Group’s treasury team.
and the increase in in-field marketing representatives.




                                                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023    55
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Amongst the bank borrowings, fixed rate debts after interest rate       As far as the Directors are aware, none of the Directors, their
hedging account for 60.3% of the total bank borrowings, the balance     associates or any shareholders who owned more than 5% of
being floating rate debts.                                              TTI’s share capital had any interest in the five largest customers
                                                                        or suppliers of the Group.
Working Capital
Total inventory was at US$4,098 million as compared to                  Human Resources
US$5,085 million in 2022. Inventory days decreased by 31 days           The Group employed a total of 47,224 employees as at December
from 140 days to 109 days. The Group will continue to focus on          31, 2023 (2022: 44,705) in Hong Kong and overseas. Total staff
managing the inventory level and improve inventory turns. Raw           cost for the year under review amounted to US$2,454 million
material inventory decreased by 2 days to 22 days while Finished        (2022: US$2,420 million).
Goods inventory reduced by 29 days to 84 days when compared
                                                                        The Group regards human capital as vital for the Group’s continuous
to last year.
                                                                        growth and profitability and remains committed to improving the
Trade receivable turnover days were at 45 days as compared to           quality, competence and skills of all employees. It provides job-related
41 days last year. Excluding the gross up of the receivables factored   training and leadership development programs throughout the
which are without recourse in nature, receivable turnover days          organization. The Group continues to offer competitive remuneration
were at 45 days as compared to 40 days last year. The Group is          packages, discretionary share options and bonuses to eligible staff,
comfortable with the quality of the receivables and will continue       based on the performance of the Group and the individual employee.
to exercise due care in managing the credit exposure.
                                                                        Corporate Strategy and Business Model
Trade payable days were at 90 days as compared to 104 days in 2022.
                                                                        The Group is a world-class leader in design, manufacturing and
The reduction in days is mainly due to our prudent procurement
                                                                        marketing of power tools, outdoor power equipment and floorcare &
strategy in 2023 as we continued to reduce inventory.
                                                                        cleaning for consumers, professional and industrial users in the home
Working capital as a percentage of sales was at 17.7% as compared       improvement, infrastructure and construction industries. We are
to 21.2% in 2022.                                                       committed to implementing our long term strategic plan that focuses
                                                                        on “Powerful brands, Innovative Products, Operational Excellence
Capital Expenditure                                                     and Exceptional People”.
Total capital expenditures for the year amounted to US$502 million
                                                                        We continue to strengthen our portfolio of powerful brands with
(2022: US$581 million) representing 3.7% of sales.
                                                                        a focused marketing approach. Our extension into new product
                                                                        categories and under-represented markets enable us to generate
Capital Commitments and Guarantees
                                                                        outstanding growth. Geographic expansion will be a highlight of
As at December 31, 2023, total capital commitments for the
                                                                        TTI’s future, our long term strategy is to aggressively build our
acquisition of property, plant and equipment and equity interest
                                                                        business both inside and outside North America and we are
in a subsidiary contracted for but not provided amounted to
                                                                        relentlessly focused on expanding and establishing presence
US$178 million (2022: US$328 million), and there were
                                                                        in high potential markets around the world.
no material guarantees or off balance sheet obligations.
                                                                        Introducing innovative new products is the centerpiece of our
Charge                                                                  long term strategy. We continue to invest in building a high-speed
None of the Group’s assets are charged or subject to encumbrance.       product development process, enabling us to respond faster to
                                                                        customer requests and emerging opportunities, giving us a vigorous
Major Customers and Suppliers                                           competitive advantage.
For the year ended December 31, 2023                                    Our strategy in operational excellence will continue, we will drive
(i)	the Group’s largest customer and five largest customers            further gains in efficiency across our manufacturing operations,
     accounted for approximately 44.0% and 53.6% respectively           supporting further margin improvement.
     of the Group’s total revenue; and                                  We continue to deploy our Leadership Development Program (LDP)
(ii) 	the Group’s largest supplier and five largest suppliers          to develop our pool of talent for the future. The LDP initiative is
       accounted for approximately 7.5% and 17.5% respectively          successfully feeding talent into key positions throughout the company.
       of the Group’s total purchases (not including purchases of
       items which are of a capital nature).



56    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                      MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Our Commitment to ESG                                                    Except as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its
                                                                         subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s
TTI is committed to operating its business in line with Environmental,
                                                                         listed securities during the year.
Social and Governance (ESG) best practices, and to do so in compliance
with all applicable laws and regulations. We understand that a large
measure of our ability to grow, innovate and prosper depends on our
                                                                         Review of Financial Information
ESG performance. We have a robust risk management system in              The Audit Committee has reviewed with senior management of
place which allows us to identify and address issues in an appropriate   the Group and Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu the accounting
and timely manner as well as mitigate risk to our business. We have      principles and practices adopted by the Group and has discussed
identified legal and regulatory requirements related to ESG practices    internal controls and financial reporting matters, including the review
that have the potential to have a significant impact to our operations   of Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended
and performance. We had no reports of material ESG-related               December 31, 2023. The Board acknowledges its responsibility
non-compliance in 2023.                                                  for the preparation of the accounts of the Group.

In 2023, we continued to develop our Sustainability Strategy and         Dividend
Implementation Plan to align our actions and goals globally with the     The Directors have recommended a final dividend of HK98.00 cents
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. We deepened our            (approximately US12.61 cents) per share with a total of approximately
commitment to clean technology and environmental preservation by         US$231,355,000 for the year ended December 31, 2023
focusing on the development of cordless lithium-ion battery-powered      (2022: HK90.00 cents (approximately US11.58 cents)) payable
products. We made progress towards our goal of reducing absolute         to the Company’s shareholders whose names appear on the
Scope 1 and Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions by 60%                register of members of the Company on May 20, 2024. Subject
in 2030. Our efforts resulted in a noteworthy 8% improvement in          to the approval by the shareholders at the forthcoming annual
emission intensity in 2023, leading to a total reduction of 8k tonnes    general meeting of the Company, the proposed final dividend
of CO2e emissions. We also made significant progress in the mapping      is expected to be paid on or about July 5, 2024. This payment,
of our Scope 3 emissions, as we work towards our Science Based           together with the interim dividend of HK95.00 cents (approximately
Target Initiatives (SBTI) commitment. In terms of governance, the        US12.23 cents) per share (2022: HK95.00 cents (approximately
ESG Working Committee with the guidance of the ESG Executive             US12.23 cents)) paid on September 15, 2023, makes a total payment
Committee and the Board of Directors has continued to implement          of HK193.00 cents (approximately US24.84 cents) per share for
our sustainability strategy and monitor activities and ESG performance   2023 (2022: HK185.00 cents (approximately US23.81 cents)).
against our goals.

Details on our ESG commitments, relevant policies, standards, specific   Closure of Register of Members
ESG key performance results and initiatives of 2023 are shared in our    The register of members of the Company will be closed for the
ESG Report.                                                              following periods:

                                                                         To ascertain members’ eligibility to attend and vote at the 2024
Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Securities                               Annual General Meeting, the register of members of the Company
Other than 350,000 shares of the Company purchased on-market             will be closed from May 8, 2024 to May 10, 2024, both days inclusive,
by the trustee for satisfying the awarded shares granted under the       during which period no transfers of shares will be effected. In order
Company’s share award schemes (details of which will be set out          to qualify to attend and vote at the 2024 Annual General Meeting,
in the Corporate Governance Report to be included in this Annual         all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must
Report), a total of 500,000 ordinary shares of the Company were          be lodged with the Company’s share registrars, Tricor Secretaries
bought back by the Company during the year at prices ranging from        Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road,
HK$67.90 to HK$68.70 per share. The aggregate amount paid by             Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:00 p.m. on May 7, 2024.
the Company for such buy-backs amounting to US$4,408,000 was
charged to the retained earnings.                                        To ascertain members’ entitlement to the final dividend, the register
                                                                         of members of the Company will be closed on May 20, 2024 when
The shares bought back were cancelled immediately and accordingly        no transfers of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the final
the issued share capital of the Company was reduced correspondingly.     dividend, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates
The buy-backs of the Company’s shares during the year were effected      must be lodged with the Company’s share registrars, Tricor Secretaries
by the Directors pursuant to the mandate granted by shareholders at      Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
the previous annual general meeting of the Company, with a view to       Kong for registration not later than 4:00 p.m. on May 17, 2024.
benefiting shareholders as a whole by enhancing the net asset value
per share and earnings per share of the Company.

                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023       57
Board of Directors

Group Executive Directors

                                    Mr Horst Julius Pudwill, aged 79, is Chairman of TTI, a position he has held since he jointly founded the
                                    Group in 1985. Until 2008, he also served as Chief Executive Officer. As Chairman, Mr Pudwill focuses
                                    on the strategic planning and development of the Group and continues to have oversight of the operations,
                                    with the Chief Executive Officer reporting directly to him. Mr Pudwill has extensive experience in international
                                    trade, business and commerce. Mr Pudwill is also a director of Sunning Inc. which has an interest in the
                                    equity of the Company.

                                    Mr Pudwill holds a Master of Science Degree in Engineering and a General Commercial Degree.
Horst Julius Pudwill
                                    Mr Pudwill is the father of Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill, Vice Chairman and Group Executive Director.
MSc
Chairman



                                    Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill, aged 47, joined the Group in 2004. Mr Pudwill was appointed as Executive
                                    Director in 2006 and subsequently was appointed as the Vice Chairman of the Company on October 1,
                                    2016. He is mainly responsible for managing, improving and monitoring internal operations and identifying
                                    synergistic business opportunities within the Group.

                                    Prior to joining the Group, Mr Pudwill held managerial positions at Daimler Chrysler AG that included product
                                    marketing and strategic planning for the Mercedes-Benz car group.

                                    Mr Pudwill holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree from the University of British Columbia and is Mr Horst Julius
Stephan Horst Pudwill
                                    Pudwill’s son.
Vice Chairman



                                    Mr Joseph Galli Jr, aged 65, joined the Group in 2006 as the Chief Executive Officer of Techtronic
                                    Appliances and was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of TTI effective
                                    February 1, 2008. He is responsible for integrating acquisitions in North America and Europe and
                                    enhancing the global sales potential of the Group’s strong brand portfolio. He is also responsible for
                                    leading the management team in the Group’s daily operation.

                                    Mr Galli joined Black & Decker in 1980 where he worked for over 19 years and held various high level
                                    management positions, rising to the position of President of Worldwide Power Tools and Accessories.
Joseph Galli Jr                     During his tenure at Black & Decker, he was responsible for highly successful launch of the “DeWalt ®”
BSBA, MBA                           Brand heavy duty power tools in 1992. After leaving Black & Decker, Mr Galli joined Amazon.com
Chief Executive Officer             where he was Director, President and Chief Operating Officer from 1999 to 2000. From 2001 to 2005,
                                    he was a Director and Chief Executive Officer of Newell Rubbermaid Inc.

                                    Mr Galli graduated from the University of North Carolina in 1980 with a Bachelor of Science in Business
                                    Administration. In 1987, he obtained an MBA from Loyola College in Baltimore, Maryland.




58    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                           BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Group Executive Directors (continued)

                                Mr Patrick Kin Wah Chan, aged 64, joined the Group in 1988 and was appointed as Executive Director
                                in 1990. He is now in charge of the manufacturing operations of the Group.

                                Mr Chan is currently the Vice-Chairman of the Dongguan City Association of Enterprises with Foreign
                                Investment, he is also the Vice-Director of Electric Tool Sub-Association of China Electrical Equipment
                                Industrial Association.

                                Mr Chan is a fellow member of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and the Hong Kong
                                Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
Patrick Kin Wah Chan
FCCA, FCPA
Operations Director



                                Mr Frank Chi Chung Chan, aged 70, joined the Group in 1991 and was appointed as Executive Director
                                in 1992. He is now responsible for corporate affairs and financial management of the Group.

                                Mr Chan is a fellow member of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and the Hong Kong
                                Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a fellow member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in
                                England & Wales and qualified to practise as a Certified Public Accountant in Hong Kong.

                                Mr Chan is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of Gold Peak Industries (Holdings) Limited
                                which is listed on the stock exchange of Hong Kong.
Frank Chi Chung Chan
FCCA, FCPA, CPA (Practising)
Group Chief Financial Officer



                                Mr Camille Jojo, aged 67, was first appointed as a Non-executive Director on October 30, 2015 and
                                re-designated as an Executive Director with effect from December 1, 2023. Mr Jojo was appointed as
                                Head of Group Legal, Compliance and Corporate Governance on December 1, 2023. Mr Jojo has practiced
                                as a lawyer in Hong Kong for a continuous period in excess of 35 years as a specialist in (i) civil litigation in
                                the higher courts of Hong Kong; (ii) arbitration; and (iii) regulatory. He graduated with a LL.B. Hons. degree
                                from the University of Cardiff in 1977 and obtained his Professional Qualifying Examination Certificate from
                                Guildford College of Law in 1978. He was qualified and was admitted as a solicitor of the Supreme Court
                                of England and Wales in 1980, as a solicitor of the Supreme Court of Hong Kong in 1982 and as a solicitor
Camille Jojo                    and barrister of the Supreme Court of Victoria, Australia in 1984. Mr Jojo was admitted as a fellow of the
                                Chartered Institute of Arbitrators in November 1997. He has been a member of the Law Society Insolvency
                                Law Committee since 1996 and was granted Higher Rights of Audience as a solicitor advocate in respect
                                of civil proceedings in the Hong Kong Courts in 2015. Mr Jojo was awarded the Dispute Resolution Lawyer
                                of the Year 2018 at the 17th Annual Hong Kong Law Awards.




                                                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023       59
BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Non-executive Director

                                    Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP, aged 71, is a Co-founder of TTI. Prof Chung, previously the Group
                                    Managing Director since 1985, was appointed as the Group Vice Chairman and Executive Director of the
                                    Company on April 18, 2007. He has been re-designated to Non-executive Director of the Company with
                                    effect from July 1, 2011.

                                    Prof Chung holds a Doctor of Engineering Degree from the University of Warwick, United Kingdom and
                                    Doctor of Business Administration Degree from City University of Macau. He was appointed as an Industrial
                                    Professor by the University of Warwick, United Kingdom in December 2010. He was awarded a Doctor of
                                    Business Administration, honoris causa by the Hong Kong Metropolitan University and an Honorary Doctor
Roy Chi Ping Chung                  of Business Administration by the City University of Hong Kong in 2023, a Doctor of Business Administration
GBS, BBS, JP                        honoris causa by the University of Macau and an Honorary Doctor of Science by the University of Warwick,
                                    United Kingdom in 2019, an Honorary Doctor of Business Administration by the Lingnan University in 2015,
                                    an Honorary Doctor of Business Administration by the Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2007 and
                                    an Honorary Doctorate Degree by the University of Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia in 2006.
                                    He was awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star (GBS) and the Bronze Bauhinia Star (BBS) by the Hong Kong SAR
                                    Government in 2017 and 2011 respectively. He was also appointed as Justice of Peace by the Hong Kong
                                    SAR Government in 2005 and won the Hong Kong Young Industrialists Award in 1997. In 2014, he was
                                    further awarded the Industrialist of the Year.

                                    Prof Chung is currently a Board Member of the West Kowloon Cultural District Authority. He was the Chairman
                                    of the Federation of Hong Kong Industries from July 2011 to July 2013 and has been serving as the Honorary
                                    President of the Federation since July 2013. He was appointed as Chairman of Vocational Training Council
                                    from 2018 to 2019. He is also the Founder and Chairman of Bright Future Charitable Foundation.

                                    Prof Chung is also an Independent Non-executive Director of TK Group (Holdings) Limited, Vitasoy International
                                    Holdings Limited and Fujikon Industrial Holdings Limited (resigned with effect from June 23, 2021).




Independent Non-executive Directors

                                    Mr Peter David Sullivan, aged 75, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director on February 1,
                                    2008. He was the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong)
                                    Limited, the largest single franchise in the Standard Chartered Group. Mr Sullivan also held governance
                                    responsibility for the franchises in the Standard Chartered Group in Japan, Australia, the Philippines and
                                    was vice chairman in Standard Chartered’s minority holding in Bohai Bank in Tianjin, China. He also held
                                    a number of other major appointments including the Chairman of the Hong Kong Association of Banks and
                                    Chairman of the British Chamber of Commerce.
Peter David Sullivan                Mr Sullivan is currently Chairman of Circle BMI Health, the largest private hospital group in the United
BS                                  Kingdom. He is a member of the Audit Committee and is Chairman of the Remuneration Committee.
                                    He retired as a Non-executive Director of AXA ASIA, AXA China Region Insurance Company Limited, AXA
                                    Wealth Management Limited and AXA General Insurance (Hong Kong) Limited in May 2021. He was also
                                    a member of the Audit Committee of AXA Asia.

                                    Until retiring, Mr Sullivan was the Lead Independent Director to the boards of the Standard Bank Group
                                    and the Standard Bank of South Africa where he held responsibility as Chairman of both the group IT
                                    Committee and Remuneration Committee. He was also a member of the Audit Committee and the Capital
                                    and Risk Committee.

                                    In addition to his extensive industry experience in Banking, Insurance and Health Care, Mr Sullivan had
                                    broad geographic experience having lived and worked in Australia, South Africa, Singapore, the USA, the
                                    United Kingdom and Hong Kong. Mr Sullivan is a keen sportsman and played in 15 internationals for the
                                    Australian rugby team. He captained the Wallabies in 1972 and was the leader of the team that toured
                                    England and Wales in 1973. Mr Sullivan holds a Bachelor of Science (Physical Education) degree from
                                    the University of NSW (Wollongong).

60    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                   BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Independent Non-executive Directors (continued)

                          Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse (commonly known as Hans-Gerd Hesse), aged 64, was appointed as an
                          Independent Non-executive Director of the Company with effect from October 1, 2016. Mr Hesse holds
                          a graduate degree in Business Administration from the University of Cologne and has acquired extensive
                          business management, strategy, leadership and corporate governance experience in Europe and Asia.

                          Mr Hesse’s professional career turned global in 1988 when joining RJ Reynolds International, a division
                          of RJR Nabisco Inc., where he henceforth held market research and marketing positions in Germany, its
                          regional headquarters in Switzerland and the Czech Republic. In 1996 he was appointed General Manager
Johannes-Gerhard Hesse    Hungary and in 1998 Regional Vice President Marketing for the Commonwealth of Independent States
                          & Baltics (i.e. former Soviet Union). In 1999, JT International, a division of Japan Tobacco Inc. (“JTI”),
                          appointed Mr Hesse as General Manager Singapore, Philippines & Australasia. He became Vice President
                          & General Manager China in 2002 and served simultaneously as Vice Chairman on the board of directors
                          of China American Cigarette Co. JV in Xiamen. In 2003 followed his appointment to Vice President
                          Corporate Strategy at JTI’s global headquarters. In 2007, Mr Hesse joined JTI’s Executive Committee as
                          Regional President Asia Pacific based in Hong Kong, holding concurrently governance and board director
                          responsibilities in affiliates of the JTI Group of Companies in Asia. He retired from these positions before
                          the end of 2010. From 2011 onwards, Mr Hesse started to develop his proprietary investment holding
                          and business advisory company.



                          Mr Robert Hinman Getz, aged 61, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company
                          with effect from January 1, 2020. Mr Getz has over 30 years of experience as a private equity investor and
                          advisor. He has extensive experience in private and public equity and debt transactions and international
                          mergers and acquisitions. Mr Getz holds a Master of Business Administration Degree in Finance from New
                          York University, and a Bachelor of Arts Degree in International Relations, cum laude, from Boston University.

                          Mr Getz currently serves as the Founder and Managing Partner of Pecksland Capital, a private investment
                          and advisory firm since 2016. Mr Getz previously served as Co-Founder and Managing Director of
Robert Hinman Getz        Cornerstone Equity Investors, a New York based private equity concern, from 1996 to 2016. Before the
                          formation of Cornerstone in 1996, Mr Getz served as a Managing Director and Partner of Prudential Equity
                          Investors and its predecessor firm Prudential Venture Capital.

                          Mr Getz has served as a Director of numerous United States and international public and private companies
                          in the technology, manufacturing, finance, and metals and mining sectors. Currently, Mr Getz serves as
                          the Non-executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Haynes International, Inc. (HAYN:NSDQ), a public
                          United States-based integrated developer and producer of specialty alloys primarily for use in the aerospace
                          industry and industrial applications. He also serves as a Non-executive Director of Ero Copper Corp. (ERO:TSE),
                          a public Brazilian copper mining and exploration company. Mr Getz previously served until 2016 as a
                          Non-Executive Director of Newmarket Gold Inc., a public Australian gold mining and exploration company
                          prior to its acquisition by Kirkland Lake Gold in 2017. Mr Getz is a member of the National Association of
                          Corporate Directors.




                                                                                        Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023      61
BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Independent Non-executive Directors (continued)

                                    Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding, aged 54, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the
                                    Company with effect from April 9, 2021. Ms Wilmerding holds an A.B. degree in East Asian Studies from
                                    Princeton University and is an experienced reputational risk advisor, China specialist, and environmental,
                                    social and governance (ESG) expert.

                                    Ms Wilmerding is currently a Partner with FGS Global, (formed by the merger of Finsbury Glover Hering
                                    and Sard Verbinnen), a global critical issues consultancy advising on the stakeholder economy, splitting
                                    her time between New York and Hong Kong. She counsels executives and boards of leading listed Asian,
Virginia Davis Wilmerding           European and U.S. companies on critical issues and complex situations including capital markets
                                    transactions, corporate governance and stakeholder activism, U.S.-China geopolitical and regulatory
                                    challenges, reputation management and investor engagement. Prior to joining FGS Global, Ms Wilmerding
                                    was a Partner at Brunswick Group, where she helped drive dramatic growth in the Asia business from
                                    2010 to 2020.

                                    During Ms Wilmerding’s consultancy career over more than 14 years at both firms, she has led the
                                    technology sector business across the Asia-Pacific region and has served as one of the global leads
                                    of the sustainability and governance practice. Other corporate experience includes business development
                                    and joint venture operational roles for Hutchison Whampoa and Lucent Technologies in Hongkong and
                                    Shanghai from 1991 to 1996 and heading corporate affairs for U.S. private equity-backed Internet services
                                    companies in Boston. She speaks fluent conversational Mandarin and can read and write Chinese.

                                    Ms Wilmerding is a founding steering committee member of the 30% Club Hong Kong and was a
                                    Board Trustee of Princeton in Asia (PiA) from 1997-2021, where she served on the Board’s executive,
                                    nominating and development committees. In 2022, Ms Wilmerding earned the CFA Institute Certificate
                                    in ESG Investing and in 2021, she earned the Financial Times Level 7 Non-Executive Director Diploma,
                                    a formally accredited, post-graduate qualification for non-executive directors. Ms Wilmerding regularly
                                    writes on current affairs and ESG/governance issues, and she published a business advice book for
                                    women in 2006 (John Wiley & Sons).



                                    Ms Caroline Christina Kracht, aged 51, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director
                                    of the Company with effect from March 7, 2022. Ms Kracht is an expert adviser to boards and top
                                    management teams on business strategy and corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, as well as
                                    capital markets. She holds a Master Degree in Management (with distinction), the German university
                                    degree of Diplom-Kauffrau and a French Diplôme de Grande Ecole from ESCP Business School.
                                    Ms Kracht also attended the Advanced Management Program at the Harvard Business School.

                                    Ms Kracht is a co-founder and partner of MoreThan Capital, a Luxembourg based global investment
Caroline Christina Kracht           and advisory firm founded, backed, and powered by a global community of business leaders, focused
                                    on investing in and helping companies on the verge of scaling-up enter new markets and transform
                                    from start-ups into mature businesses. She is also a sector expert in financial services, energy
                                    (oil and gas, power, renewables), industrials, chemicals, and other natural resources with global
                                    experience working in Asia (PRC, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, South Korea, Thailand),
                                    Europe (Germany, France, UK, Switzerland) and North America (Canada, U.S.).




62    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                   BOARD OF DIRECTORS




Independent Non-executive Directors (continued)

Caroline Christina Kracht   Ms Kracht was the head of investment banking (Asia-Pacific) and a member of Scotiabank’s Asia-Pacific
(continued)                 executive team for Scotiabank from 2016 to 2020. She joined Scotiabank in Hong Kong as managing
                            director responsible for energy investment banking across Asia-Pacific in 2011. Prior to this, Ms Kracht
                            spent 13 years with Morgan Stanley with increasingly senior positions in investment banking and firm
                            management in London, San Francisco, Frankfurt and Hong Kong. During Ms Kracht’s 22-year career
                            at Scotiabank and Morgan Stanley, the executive management expertise she has gained is directly relevant
                            to strategy, audit, risk and compliance, nomination and remuneration, and ethics committees. She speaks
                            fluent English, German and French.

                            Ms Kracht is a founder and board director of GJWHF Ltd., a Hong Kong non-profit organization on
                            the economic empowerment of women. She was a member of the advisory board of the Mentoring
                            Programme for Women Leaders of The Women’s Foundation (TWF), a Hong Kong non-profit organization
                            dedicated to challenging stereotypes, empowering women in poverty and growing the number of women
                            in leadership positions.



                            Mr Andrew Philip Roberts, aged 67, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company
                            with effect from January 1, 2024. Mr Roberts is a qualified chartered accountant of the Institute of England
                            and Wales who obtained a BA (Honours) degree in Economics from the University of Manchester. Following
                            his qualification, Mr Roberts gained extensive experience working as an auditor with the global auditing
                            firm of Deloitte during his formative professional years. From 1993 onwards until 2012, Mr Roberts held
                            senior leadership positions in finance at the Anglo-Dutch conglomerate, Shell Group, which included
                            the following appointments: Executive Vice President of Finance in Shell Trading London, Chair of the
                            Supervisory Board in Shell Asset Management, Executive Vice President of Finance in Shell Gas and Power,
Andrew Philip Roberts
                            Executive Vice President of Finance in Shell Retail, Executive Vice President of Finance in Shell Trading
                            North America, Shell Trading Controller and Compliance Officer. His responsibilities whilst at the Shell
                            Group included strategy, planning, corporate governance, compliance, regulatory, risk management and
                            treasury functions and also overall supervision and management of a large global finance team of 430
                            officers located in overseas offices. Mr Roberts brought a wealth of experience to these roles, exemplifying
                            a demonstrable ability to strategize, plan and successfully operationalize broad and complex portfolios
                            within a robust risk, control and compliance framework.

                            In addition, Mr Roberts’ most recent role was Chief Financial Officer at Shelf Drilling in Dubai where he
                            developed the finance, treasury, tax, internal audit function and associated IT systems with operations in
                            multiple countries pre-IPO.




                                                                                         Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023        63
Corporate Governance Report
The Company is committed to high standard corporate governance           •   review and monitor the compliance of the Model Code for
to enhance shareholders’ interests and promote sustainable                   Securities Transactions by Directors, the Code for Securities
development. A quality board of directors (the “Board”) with                 Transactions by Relevant Employees and other codes of conduct
balanced skills, experience and diversity of perspectives is vital           of the Company.
to the Company for effective risk management, internal controls
and leadership, as well as transparency and accountability to all        •   review the disclosure set out in this Corporate Governance
shareholders. The Board reviews codes of conducts, policies and              Report.
practices, corporate governance framework and disclosure of this
Corporate Governance Report, from time to time, to improve the
                                                                         Board of Directors
Company’s corporate governance practices in respect of the latest        Roles and Responsibilities
developments on all applicable laws, rules and regulations.              The Board is collectively responsible for leading, supervising and
                                                                         creating directions and strategies for the affairs of the Group with
Compliance with the Corporate Governance                                 an effective corporate governance framework to strive for long term
Code                                                                     success of the Company. The Board is also responsible for ensuring
The Board has reviewed the Company’s corporate governance                ongoing effective communication with shareholders and engagement
practices and is satisfied that the Company has complied with all        with key stakeholders. The principal responsibilities of the Board
the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code set out             include, but are not limited to, the following:
in Appendix C1 (formerly known as Appendix 14) of the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong        •   consider matters covering appointment of Directors, senior
Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) (the “Corporate Governance                management and external auditors, major acquisitions and
Code”) throughout the year ended December 31, 2023, save that                disposals, as well as other significant operational matters.
none of the Directors are appointed for a specific term since they are   •   review and monitor risks and changes in local and international
subject to retirement by rotation and re-election in accordance with         business communities in order to enhance shareholders’ value.
the Articles of Association of the Company (the “Articles”). Under
Article 107(A) of the Articles, one-third of the Board must retire by    •   oversee and evaluate the Company’s financial performance and
rotation at each annual general meeting of the Company, and if               operations through determination of the annual budget and
eligible, offer themselves for re-election.                                  continuous review of performance results.

                                                                         •   develop, review and monitor the policies and practices on
Corporate Governance Policy                                                  corporate governance of the Company.
Corporate governance is essential in maintaining sustainability. The
                                                                         •   review and develop overall mid-term and long-term strategies,
Board continuously monitors, reviews and develops the policies
                                                                             objectives and directions of the Company.
and practices of corporate governance to ensure the compliance of
the laws, rules and regulatory requirements governing the Group as       The Board continuously monitors the delegation to Board Committees
well as the Articles. The Board performs the corporate governance        and senior management of the Group with specific functions and
function through, but not limited to, the following:                     clear instructions as well as reservation for the Board’s decision and
                                                                         consideration of specifically identified matters. The Board reviews
•    monitor and review the Directors’ and the senior management’s
                                                                         regularly the formal written procedures adopted by the Company for
     training and continuous professional development.
                                                                         the governance of delegation and reservation of responsibilities of the
•    monitor and review compliance of the Corporate Governance           Board.
     Code.




64     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Board Composition
As at the date of this report, the Board consists of                        Gender
six Group Executive Directors, one Non-executive                                                                                        Male       Female
Director and six Independent Non-executive
                                                                        Designation
Directors. An analysis of the current composition of                                                             INED NED                              ED
the Board of the Company is set out below:
                                                                          Ethnicity
Group Executive Directors                                                                     Chinese                                          Non-Chinese


Mr Horst Julius Pudwill (Chairman)                                       Age Group
                                                                                                                45–64                  65–74        75–79
Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill (Vice Chairman)
                                                                 Attendance Rate at
Mr Joseph Galli Jr (Chief Executive Officer)                       Board and Board
Mr Kin Wah Chan (Operations Director)                           Committee Meetings                                                                  100%

Mr Chi Chung Chan (Group Chief Financial Officer)                 Length of Service
Mr Camille Jojo (re-designated from Non-executive Director to               (Years)                     0–5      6–15       16–25      26–35        36–45
Executive Director with effect from December 1, 2023)
                                                                                      0   1    2    3     4    5 6 7 8 9            10 11 12 13
Non-executive Director                                                                                        Number of Directors

Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP

Independent Non-executive
Directors
Mr Peter David Sullivan
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse
                                                                                                                              Accounting
Mr Robert Hinman Getz
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding                                                                                                  Business
Ms Caroline Christina Kracht                                                                  Educational                     Engineering
Mr Andrew Philip Roberts (appointed with effect from                                          Background                      Legal
January 1, 2024)                                                                                                              Others

Biographical details and relevant relationships of                                                                            Science
the members of the Board are set out on pages
58 to 63 of this annual report. A list of Directors
and their roles and functions are published on the
Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com) and the
Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk).

                                                                                                                              Finance & Accounting
                                                                                                                              Banking
                                                                                                                              Consumer Products
                                                                                              Professional                    Industrial
                                                                                              Experience                      Legal
                                                                                                                              Consultancy
                                                                                                                              Technology/Telecom
                                                                                                                              Metals & Mining




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023           65
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Both the management of the Board and the day-to-day management            To ensure the Board performs effectively and enhances its diversity,
are important to the Company’s success and sustainability. The roles      appointment of directors is recommended by the Nomination
of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company have been          Committee for approval by the Board. By considering the expertise,
segregated and clearly distinguished in order to promote balance of       skills and experience of candidates for directorship, the Nomination
power, authority and accountability.                                      Committee makes recommendations to the Board in order to achieve
                                                                          the effective balance and diversity of the Board. Directors are aware
The roles of Chairman comprise, but are not limited to, the following:
                                                                          that they must be able to contribute sufficient time and attention to
•    enhance effective communication with shareholders and                the affairs of the Company before accepting their appointment. A
     encourage that the views of shareholders are communicated to         formal and detailed orientation is provided for each newly appointed
     the Board as a whole.                                                Director to ensure proper understanding of duties and responsibilities
                                                                          of Directors under the Listing Rules, the Articles, and related
•    oversee and ensure sound practices and procedures.
                                                                          ordinances and relevant regulatory requirements of Hong Kong.
•    ensure all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at       Every newly appointed Director must obtain legal advice from the
     Board meetings and always receive clear, accurate and reliable       solicitors of the Company advising on Hong Kong law as regards the
     information in a timely manner.                                      requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to him/her
                                                                          as Director of the Company. Presentations by external professionals
•    lead the Board to perform its responsibilities and act in the best
                                                                          and senior executives of the Company are also provided to ensure
     interests of the Company, and ensure the Board works effectively.
                                                                          a proper understanding of the Company’s business and operations.
•    encourage all Directors to make full and active contributions to     In accordance with the Articles and the Listing Rules, Directors are
     the Board’s affairs to enhance the performance of the Board’s        subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.
     responsibilities.                                                    Any Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy would be subject to
The roles of Chief Executive Officer comprise, but are not limited to,    election by shareholders at the next annual general meeting after
the following:                                                            their appointment.

•    enhance the global sales potential of the Company’s strong brand     The Board treasures a culture of openness and independent views as
     portfolio and facilitate the integration of acquisitions, if any.    key elements to effectiveness. Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                                          and Non-executive Directors form a majority of the Board, and the
•    take the lead to oversee the global management team in the           Independent Non-executive Directors represent over one-third of
     Group’s daily operations.                                            the Board as at the date of this report. The Company has complied
•    oversee or lead the Company’s strategic initiatives and              with Rule 3.10 of the Listing Rules in relation to the requirement of
     management strategies.                                               Independent Non-executive Directors. All Independent Non-executive
                                                                          Directors meet the guidelines for assessing independence set out in
                                                                          Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company has received annual
                                                                          confirmations of independence from each of the Independent
                                                                          Non-executive Directors and they are all still considered to be
                                                                          independent.

                                                                          The Board has arranged appropriate Directors’ and Officers’ liability
                                                                          insurance to indemnify the Directors and Officers of the Group for
                                                                          liabilities arising out of corporate activities. The coverage and the sum
                                                                          insured under the policy are reviewed annually.




66     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Directors’ Continuous Professional                                                   Compliance with the Codes for Securities
Development                                                                          Transactions
The Company provides regular updates, written materials and training                 The provisions of the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
to all Directors on relevant laws, rules and regulations to make sure                Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix C3 (formerly known
they are aware of the current trends in the commercial and regulatory                as Appendix 10) of the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”) has been
environment in which the Company conducts its business. In order to                  adopted by the Board. In response to the specific enquiries made,
ensure that the Directors’ contribution to the Board remains informed                all Directors have confirmed that they have fully complied with the
and relevant, the Directors are encouraged to participate in various                 required standards as set out in the Model Code during the year
professional development programs such as seminars, webcasts                         ended December 31, 2023.
and relevant reading materials, especially in relation to compliance
                                                                                     The Company has also adopted another code of conduct on terms
requirements to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills and
                                                                                     no less onerous than the Model Code that applies to securities
the latest updates on the relevant rules and regulations.
                                                                                     transactions of all relevant employees who may be in possession of
All Directors participate in continuous professional development as                  unpublished price sensitive information in relation to the Company
set out in code provision C.1.4 of the Corporate Governance Code.                    (the “Code for Securities Transactions by Relevant Employees”).
According to the records of training provided by each Director to                    During the year, no incident of non-compliance was noted by the
the Company, the training received by the Directors in 2023 is                       Company.
summarized in the following table:
                                                                                     Both the Model Code and the Code for Securities Transactions by
                                           Type of Continuous Professional           Relevant Employees have been published on the Company’s website
                                              Development Programme                  (www.ttigroup.com).

                                      Updates on
                                          business                                   Board Meetings
                                       operations,                                   The Board focuses on the Company’s strategies and values for
                                        laws, rules                  Updates on      on-going sustainability, success and growth of the Group.
                                               and    Updates on     accounting,     The Company held regular Board meetings, where at least four Board
                                       regulations      directors’      financial
                                                                                     meetings are scheduled in a year with more frequent meetings as
                                      or corporate          roles,       or other
                                       governance       functions    professional    and when required. In 2023, six Board meetings were held and the
                                           matters     and duties           skills   attendance records of each Director are set out in the section headed
                                                                                     “Board, Board Committee and General Meetings in 2023” at the end
Group Executive Directors
                                                                                     of this report.
Mr Horst Julius Pudwill                          √              √
Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill                         √              √                    Board meeting, Board Committee meeting and Annual General
Mr Joseph Galli Jr                               √              √                    Meeting dates for 2024 were agreed upon at the Board meeting
Mr Kin Wah Chan                                  √              √               √    held in August 2023 in order to ensure maximum attendance of
Mr Chi Chung Chan                                √              √               √    Directors and to facilitate the effectiveness of the Board. The meeting
Mr Camille Jojo                                  √              √               √    agenda is drawn up by the Chairman in consultation with members
                                                                                     of the Board to propose any other matters for inclusion in the
Non-executive Director
                                                                                     agenda. Minutes of the Board and Board Committee meetings with
Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP               √              √               √
                                                                                     sufficient details of matters and concerns discussed are prepared
Independent Non-executive Directors                                                  and maintained by the Company Secretary of the Company (the
Mr Peter David Sullivan                          √              √                    “Company Secretary”), which are sent to the Directors for comments
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse                        √              √               √    and records. The Company Secretary keeps Board records in safe
Mr Robert Hinman Getz                            √              √                    custody of which are available for inspection by the Directors.
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding                     √              √               √
Ms Caroline Christina Kracht                     √              √               √




                                                                                                            Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023       67
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Clear, accurate and reliable information are provided to all Directors   Audit Committee
in a timely manner to facilitate informed decisions of the Board.        The Audit Committee is chaired by Mr Peter David Sullivan with other
Furthermore, all related materials with sufficient details in relation   members being Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse, Mr Robert Hinman
to the Board’s issues are accessible to all Directors. To enhance        Getz and Ms Caroline Christina Kracht (who has been appointed as
understanding of the business of the Group and Directors’                a member of Audit Committee with effect from March 1, 2023). On
responsibilities under statute and at common law, all Directors are      December 1, 2023, Mr Camille Jojo has been re-designated from
provided with briefings and professional development training as         a Non-executive Director to an Executive Director and ceased to be
necessary. The Company Secretary provides full support to the            a member of the Audit Committee. As at the date of this report, all
Directors in order to ensure Board procedures and all applicable         members are Independent Non-executive Directors. The Company
laws, rules and regulations are followed. Directors are also provided    has complied with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules in relation to the
with access to senior management of the Group upon request, as           requirement of the Audit Committee.
well as to independent professional advice on performing their duties
at the Company’s expenses.                                               The Audit Committee plays an important role in risk management
                                                                         and internal control aspects. The Audit Committee aims to review and
Board Committees                                                         monitor the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
The Board has established three Board Committees, namely the             systems to ensure the compliance with the Group’s obligations
Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration           under the Listing Rules and other applicable laws and regulations.
Committee, to delegate various responsibilities of the Board. Each       The Audit Committee oversees the completeness and integrity of the
of these Board Committees has specific written terms of reference        financial statements of the Company and takes ad hoc responsibilities
which deal clearly with their authority and duties and have been         which may be delegated by the Board from time to time. The Audit
published on the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com) and the            Committee is also directly responsible on behalf of the Board for the
Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk).                              oversight of the performance of the Company’s external auditors, the
                                                                         assessment of the independence and qualifications of the external
The Directors continuously review the diversity and effectiveness of     auditors, the selection, oversight and remuneration of the Company’s
the Board. To ensure independent views and inputs are available to       external auditors and the maintenance of an appropriate relationship
the Board, Independent Non-executive Directors form the majority         with the external auditors.
of all Board Committees. With active participation and regular
attendance of Independent Non-executive Directors, independent           The Audit Committee held four meetings in 2023 and performed
insights and opinions are encouraged to be contributed and               duties summarized below:
expressed at the Board Committee meetings. The Board oversees            •   review and assist to maintain the effectiveness of risk
and monitors the delegated authorities and responsibilities through          management and internal control systems of the Group.
regular reporting by the Board Committees in relation to their
activities involved and recommendations and decisions made. The          •   review and monitor the scope, extent and effectiveness of the
attendance records of each Board Committee are set out in the                internal audit function of the Group.
section headed “Board, Board Committee and General Meetings in           •   review and make recommendations to the Board for the approval
2023” at the end of this report.                                             of the interim and annual financial statements of the Group.

                                                                         •   monitor and review the Group’s accounting principles and
                                                                             practices, financial reporting matters and significant financial
                                                                             matters.

                                                                         •   oversee the relationship between the Company and the external
                                                                             auditors, assess the performance of the external auditors and
                                                                             recommend the re-appointment of the external auditors.

                                                                         •   review the audit and non-audit services provided by the external
                                                                             auditors.

                                                                         •   take up responsibilities delegated by the Board to handle ad hoc
                                                                             matters and to consider various matters to improve the Board’s
                                                                             communication.




68    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Nomination Committee                                                         Governance Report” (“ESG Report”) which will be published
The Nomination Committee is chaired by Mr Horst Julius Pudwill               separately. The ESG Report forms part of this report. The Board
(Chairman of the Board) with the other members being                         has adopted the Board Diversity Policy in August 2013, which is
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse, Mr Robert Hinman Getz and                         published on the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com). Widening
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding. All members except Mr Horst Julius             diversity at the Board level is essential for sustainable development of
Pudwill are Independent Non-executive Directors.                             the Group and the Board considers that the current gender diversity
                                                                             in respect of the Board taking into account the Group’s business
The Board recognizes the benefits of board diversity and realizes            model and industry-wide practice and specific needs of the Company
increasing diversity is vital in maintaining an effective board. The         is satisfactory. The Nomination Committee would consider various
Board should have a balance of skills, experience and diversity of           perspectives and measurable objectives, including, but not limited
perspectives appropriate for the requirements of the business of the         to, age, gender, professional experience, educational background,
Group in order to effectively discharge its function. The Nomination         cultural and length of service while reviewing the composition of the
Committee aims to ensure a fair and transparent process of Board             Board with an aim to promote gender diversity culture and avoid a
appointments, and in particular, to assist the Board to identify             single gender Board. The ultimate decision will be based on merit
suitably qualified candidates and make recommendations for                   and contribution that the Directors and any selected candidates will
consideration of the Board and shareholders. When considering                bring to the Board. An analysis of the current Board composition
suitable Director candidates, the Nomination Committee considers             based on these objective criteria is set out on page 65 of this report.
factors including, but not limited to, ethics, integrity, personal skills,
professional knowledge and industry experience, as well as the               Remuneration Committee
ability to contribute sufficient time and attention to the Board in their    The Remuneration Committee is chaired by Mr Robert Hinman Getz
recommendations.                                                             with the other members of the Committee being Mr Peter David
The Nomination Committee held two meetings in 2023. The work                 Sullivan and Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding (who has been appointed
performed by the Nomination Committee in 2023, with sufficient               as a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from
resources provided by the Company and/or independent professional            March 1, 2023). On December 1, 2023, Mr Camille Jojo has been
advice when necessary, included:                                             re-designated from a Non-executive Director to an Executive Director
                                                                             and ceased to be a member of the Remuneration Committee. As at
•   assess the independence of the Independent Non-executive                 the date of this report, all members of the Remuneration Committee
    Directors.                                                               are Independent Non-executive Directors.
•   review the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy.             The Remuneration Committee develops and administers fair and
•   make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating           transparent procedures for setting policy on the overall human
    to the retirement and re-election of the Directors at the 2023           resources strategy of the Group, including those related to the
    Annual General Meeting.                                                  remuneration of the Group’s Directors and senior management.
                                                                             The Remuneration Committee is responsible for recommending
•   review the size, composition and structure of the Board regularly.
                                                                             the remuneration packages of Directors of the Group taking into
•   make recommendations to the Board on potential Director                  account their merit, competence and qualifications, individual
    candidates based on various relevant factors.                            performance, the Company’s operating results and return to
                                                                             shareholders, and considering relevant market practices. The
The Board currently has two female Directors out of the thirteen
                                                                             Remuneration Committee consults the Executive Chairman regarding
Directors with balanced skills, experience and diversity of
                                                                             the remuneration packages for the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and
perspectives to enhance the Company’s business and values. The
                                                                             other Executive Directors and makes recommendations to the Board
Group has also taken, and continues to take, steps to promote
                                                                             on the remuneration packages of Executive Directors, including,
diversity at all levels of its workforce. Opportunities for employment,
                                                                             without limitation, base salaries, incentive payments and grants of
training and career development are equally opened to all eligible
                                                                             share awards and share options. The Remuneration Committee
employees without discrimination. Gender ratio in the workforce
                                                                             also makes recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of
of the Company can be found in the “Environmental, Social and
                                                                             Non-executive Directors and Independent Non-executive Directors.
                                                                             The Remuneration Committee reports directly to the Board on its
                                                                             decisions or recommendations.




                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023      69
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Remuneration Committee held four meetings in 2023 and                                 GROUP CEO INCENTIVE COMPENSATION
performed, among other work, the following:                                               The Remuneration Committee reviewed and recommended to the
•        review and make recommendations on the existing Remuneration                     Board for approval the 2023 incentive payouts for the Executive
         Policy for Directors and senior management.                                      Chairman, the CEO and other Executive Directors commensurate with
                                                                                          the solid relevant financial and operational performance delivered by
•        review and update the peer group used to assess the                              the Group in 2023, and recognizing the deliberate investments made
         competitiveness of Executive Director remuneration.                              to position the Group for future growth and profitability improvements.
•        assess the Executive Directors’ performance and remuneration                     Compensation delivered to the Executive Directors, and in particular
         packages.                                                                        the CEO, is dependent on company performance as assessed on
•        recommend pay packages for Executive Directors and CEO to the                    a number of operational and financial metrics as well as progress
         full Board.                                                                      against key strategic objectives. The Remuneration Committee
                                                                                          believes it is extremely important to align executive compensation
•        review and approve material matters in relation to the share                     with long-term shareholder outcomes. As shown in Chart 1 below,
         schemes adopted by the Company, including, without limitation,                   over the past five years the Group has generally approximated or
         the approval of the grant of share awards under the 2018 Share                   exceeded the 75th percentile performance of the 19 peer companies
         Award Scheme and the review of the rules and operation of the                    in key financial and operational performance metrics including
         Company’s share schemes against the backdrop of the latest                       revenue growth and EBIT growth. Importantly, the Company’s
         amendments to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.                                   stock price and TSR performance over the past five years remains
The Board ensures that the Remuneration Committee has access to                           exceptional in both relative and absolute terms. The Company’s
sufficient internal and third-party resources, including professional                     5-year TSR is relatively strong, at 19.5% total return, as compared
advice, to fulfill its duties. The Group engages a global executive                       to the peer group median and average of 14.2% and 13.9%,
compensation consulting firm as an independent third party to advise                      respectively, equaling the 71st perventile performance of the 19
the Remuneration Committee, including providing assessments of                            companies included in the company’s compensation peer group.
the competitiveness of compensation of the Executive Directors,
including the Chairman and the CEO. The compensation packages
of the Group’s Executive Directors were assessed relative to similar
positions at 19 peer companies operating in the same or adjacent
industries. The consultant’s assessment took into account the
Group’s absolute shareholder returns, financial and operational
performance, as well as performance relative to the peer companies.



Chart 1: TTI’s Five Year Financial Performance as Compared to 19 Peer Companies[1]

%                                                                                                                             %
20                                                                                                                            1.0


                                                                                                                              0.8
15

                                                                                                                              0.6
10                                                                                                                                                           P25
                                                                                                                             0.4                             P50
    5                                                                                                                                                        Average
                                                                                                                             0.2
                                                                                                                                                             P75
    0                                                                                                                         0.0                            TTI

                                                                                                                             -0.2
    -5


           Revenue CAGR                EBIT CAGR                Diluted EPS CAGR                     5-year TSR                       Gross Profit % Point
                                                                                                    (Annualized)                    Increased (Annualized)

1.         Five-year TTI performance through FY 2023 measured against most recently available five-year performance for each company in the peer group.




70         Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




ANNUAL INCENTIVE AWARDS                                                 MR GALLI’S PERFORMANCE HISTORY
Over the past five years the Remuneration Committee has modified        The compensation package awarded to Mr Galli, including his
Mr Galli’s compensation package so that it is more focused on           annual cash incentive, were awarded on the basis of the Group’s
performance-based share awards. The Remuneration Committee              strong financial and operational performance in 2023 including
believes that rewarding the CEO for the achievement of sustained        record free cash flow, despite economic disruptions and uncertainty
outstanding performance in the form of Group equity meaningfully        which negatively impacted overall industry results and our key peers’
aligns him with long-term shareholder outcomes and creates further      performance.
incentives for improved future performance.
                                                                        Mr Galli’s overall compensation package is designed and managed
                                                                        with a long-term focus, and rewards him for the Company’s very
LONG-TERM INCENTIVE AWARDS
                                                                        strong growth and performance over the entire period of his tenure as
In 2018 the Board approved multi-year performance-based share
                                                                        CEO of the Group and incentivizes him to:
awards to Mr Galli (“2018 CEO Share Awards”) with the granting of
the awards conditional upon the Company’s achievement of share          •   achieve the short-term and long-term financial and operational
price, financial and operational performance criteria (“Performance         goals set by the Board,
Criteria”) over successive three-year performance periods ending
                                                                        •   to meet the Group’s strategic goals in order to position the
each year from 2019 to 2024. For the three-year period ending
                                                                            company for future profitable growth,
in 2023, Mr Galli delivered exceptional financial and operational
performance and strong relative share price performance, when           •   to align his long-term remuneration outcomes with sustained
measured against the performance of our key competitors.                    shareholder value creation, and
Additionally, a number of strategic objectives were achieved over       •   ensure his continued service to the Company in his current role.
the past three years, including diversification and expansion of the
Group’s manufacturing footprint and achievement of good progress        Since his appointment to the CEO role in February 2008, Techtronic’s
towards the Group's ESG goals. As a result of this strong financial     stock price has increased from HK$8.40 on February 1, 2008 to
and operational performance, during a time of significant economic      close at HK$93.05 on December 29, 2023, an increase of 1,008%,
instability, the last tranche of the 2018 CEO Share Awards (one         greatly exceeding the performance of both the Hang Seng Index
million shares) was awarded to Mr Galli on January 5, 2024 pursuant     (-29%) and the S&P500 Index (+241%) over the same time period.
to the Company’s meeting of the financial and operational goals set     Since February 2008, the Group’s equity market capitalization has
out in the 2018 CEO Share Awards plan. These shares are scheduled       grown more than 13 times, from approximately HK$12.6 billion to
to vest to Mr Galli on or about January 5, 2025, if he remains in his   over HK$170 billion (from US$1.62 billion to US$21.88 billion) at the
current role.                                                           end of December 2023.

Over the last three years, the Group delivered 11.9% compound           EQUITY PLAN DESCRIPTIONS
annual revenue growth and 9.8% compound annual EBIT growth.
                                                                        The Board has one share award scheme in operation, namely the
The Group’s revenue growth over this period equaled the 87th
                                                                        2018 Share Award Scheme. Following the expiry of the previous
percentile of performance of the Primary Peer Group while EBIT
                                                                        share award scheme adopted in 2008, the 2018 Share Award
growth equaled the 52nd percentile of the Primary Peer Group.
                                                                        Scheme was first adopted with effect from January 17, 2018 (the
Additionally, the Company’s profit margin exceeds 58% of the peers      “2018 Adoption Date”), and was subsequently amended and
and profit margin improvement over the past three years equaled the
                                                                        restated on May 12, 2023 (the “Share Award Scheme Amendment
57th percentile of peer group performance.
                                                                        Date”), and shall be terminated on the earlier of the 10th anniversary
Besides the 2018 CEO Share Awards, the Board approved another           of the 2018 Adoption Date or such date of early termination as
multi-year performance-based share award to Mr Galli (“2020 CEO         determined by the Board.
Share Awards”) with the granting of the award conditional upon the
                                                                        The purpose of the 2018 Share Award Scheme is to recognize the
Company’s achievement of financial and operational performance
                                                                        contributions by Eligible Persons as defined below and to provide
criteria (“Financial and Performance Criteria”) for the years between
                                                                        them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual
2022 to 2026. Under the 2020 CEO Share Awards, 1,000,000 shares
                                                                        operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable
will be granted each year between 2022 and 2026 and vest the
                                                                        personnel for further development of the Group. Unless otherwise
following year if the Financial and Performance Criteria have been
                                                                        stated, the scheme rules of the schemes are substantially identical
achieved. The first and second tranches of 1,000,000 shares each
                                                                        and a summary of the principal terms of both schemes is set out
have been granted to Mr Galli (Details are set out in “EQUITY PLAN
                                                                        below:
DESCRIPTIONS” section in this Corporate Governance Report).




                                                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023       71
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Any employee, officer or Director (including, without limitation, any    to be issued in respect of all awarded shares and share options
Executive, Non-executive or Independent Non-executive Director)          granted (excluding any awarded shares or share options lapsed
of any member of the Group (the “Eligible Person”) will be entitled      in accordance with the terms of the 2018 Share Award Scheme
to participate. Unless terminated earlier by the Board in accordance     or any other share scheme(s) of the Company) to such person in
with the scheme rules, the effective term of the 2018 Share Award        the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant
Scheme is 10 years commencing on the adoption date of the                representing in aggregate over 0.10% of the total issued share capital
scheme provided that no contribution to the trust will be made by        of the Company as at the Share Award Scheme Amendment Date,
the Company on or after the 10th anniversary date of the adoption        such grant of awarded shares must be approved by the shareholders
date of the scheme. Details of the 2018 Share Award Scheme were          in a general meeting with such Selected Grantee, his/her associates
announced by the Company on its adoption date.                           and all core connected persons of the Company abstaining from
                                                                         voting at such general meeting. Without prejudice to the above,
The Board may, from time to time, at their absolute discretion select
                                                                         where any grant of awarded shares under the 2018 Share Award
any individual as an Eligible Person for participation in the scheme
                                                                         Scheme and share options and awarded shares to be granted under
(the “Selected Grantee”) and determine the number of shares to
                                                                         any other share scheme(s) of the Company to an Independent
be awarded. The relevant number of shares awarded will either be
                                                                         Non-executive Director or a substantial shareholder of the Company,
purchased by the trustee of the scheme on the market or new shares
                                                                         or any of their respective associates, would result in the shares issued
will be subscribed for by the trustee at the cost of the Company
                                                                         and to be issued in respect of all share options and awarded shares
and be held in trust until they are vested on the first anniversary of
                                                                         granted (excluding any share options and awarded shares lapsed
the relevant date of grant (or such longer period as the Board may
                                                                         in accordance with the terms of the 2018 Share Award Scheme
determine). Upon acceptance of the share awards, no payment is
                                                                         or any other share scheme(s) of the Company) to such person in
required. When a Selected Grantee has satisfied all vesting conditions
                                                                         the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant
specified by the Board (which may include performance targets),
                                                                         representing in aggregate over 0.10% of the total issued share capital
the trustee will upon the Company’s instruction transfer the relevant
                                                                         of the Company as at the Share Award Scheme Amendment Date,
vested shares together with the income derived therefrom (net of
                                                                         such grant of awarded shares must be approved by the shareholders
accrued interest) to the Selected Grantee.
                                                                         in a general meeting with such Selected Grantee, his/her associates
According to the scheme rules as amended and restated on May             and all core connected persons of the Company abstaining from
12, 2023, the scheme limits of the 2018 Share Award Scheme have          voting at such general meeting. The total issued share capital of the
been amended that the Board shall not make any further award of          Company as at the Share Award Scheme Amendment Date was
awarded shares which will result in the number of shares awarded by      1,834,797,941 shares.
the Board under the 2018 Share Award Scheme and any other share
                                                                         Notwithstanding that the 2018 Share Award Scheme does not
scheme(s) of the Company would represent in excess of 10.00% of
                                                                         stipulate that any awarded shares offered must be subject to any
the total issued share capital of the Company as at the Share Award
                                                                         performance target or clawback mechanism, the Directors or the
Scheme Amendment Date. Where any grant of awarded shares to a
                                                                         Remuneration Committee (as the case may be) have the authority
Selected Grantee under the 2018 Share Award Scheme would result
                                                                         to establish performance targets and/or clawback mechanisms in
in shares issued and to be issued in respect of all share options or
                                                                         relation to the granting of awarded shares. The Board is of the view
awarded shares granted to such person (excluding any share options
                                                                         that the flexibility granted to the Directors to specify appropriate
and awarded shares lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2018
                                                                         conditions, restrictions and/or limitations on a case-by-case basis
Share Award Scheme or any other share scheme(s) of the Company)
                                                                         in their absolute discretion when offering and/or vesting awarded
in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant
                                                                         shares to Selected Grantees could provide a more meaningful and
representing in aggregate over 1.00% of the total issued share
                                                                         functional means to achieve the purpose of the 2018 Share Award
capital of the Company as at the Share Award Scheme Amendment
                                                                         Scheme (whether as recognition of past contribution or as incentive
Date, such grant of awarded shares must be separately approved by
                                                                         to motivate, retain or attract suitable talents) in light of the particular
the shareholders in a general meeting with such Selected Grantee
                                                                         circumstances of each offer of awarded shares. General factors that
and his/her close associates (or his/her associates if the Selected
                                                                         the Board may take into account for imposing performance targets
Grantee is a connected person of the Company) abstaining from
                                                                         and clawback mechanisms include, but are not limited to the Group’s
voting. Without prejudice to the above, where any grant of awarded
                                                                         level and the individual’s level. The Board or the Remuneration
shares or share options to a Director (other than an Independent
                                                                         Committee (as the case may be) will carefully assess whether
Non-executive Director) or chief executive of the Company, or any
                                                                         performance targets, if any, are satisfied before vesting of awarded
of their respective associates would result in the shares issued and
                                                                         shares.




72    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Since the 2018 Adoption Date and up to December 31, 2023, a                               the Company, representing 0.08% of the issued share capital of the
total of 14,096,000 shares had been awarded under the 2018 Share                          Company as at the Share Award Scheme Amendment Date. The total
Award Scheme, representing 0.77% of the issued share capital of                           payout, including related expenses, amounted to US$20,578,000.
the Company as at the Share Award Scheme Amendment Date.                                  In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2023, 1,575,000
Recognition of share-based payment expenses under the 2018 Share                          shares were transferred to five Directors and a Selected Grantee upon
Award Scheme during the year was US$38,116,000. During the year                           vesting under the 2018 Share Award Scheme. As at December 31,
ended December 31, 2023, a total of 1,437,500 shares had been                             2023, details of the awarded shares granted under the 2018 Share
awarded under the 2018 Share Award Scheme to twelve Directors of                          Award Scheme of the Company were as follows:



                                                                                   Number of awarded shares

                                        Share award Number of         As at Awarded         Vested     Lapsed            As at                             Closing price
                              Date of       scheme    awarded    January 1, during the   during the during the    December 31,                               at the Date   Purchase
Share awards holders           Award       category     shares       2023         year         year       year          2023              Vesting Period        of Award       price
                                                                                                                                                                   (HK$)      (HK$)

Directors
Mr Horst Julius Pudwill     21.3.2018        2018      500,000           –          –            –            –             –      15.3.2019 – 15.3.2022          47.00       30.29
                            20.5.2019        2018      300,000           –          –            –            –             –      20.5.2020 – 20.5.2022          50.20       28.15
                           21.12.2020         2018   1,000,000           –          –            –            –             –    21.12.2020 – 21.12.2021        107.00        44.55
                           30.12.2021         2018     300,000    300,000           –     (300,000)           –              –     3.4.2023 – 30.12.2023        154.90       115.13
                           22.12.2023         2018     125,000           –    125,000            –            –       125,000                22.12.2026           92.50      111.23


Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill    21.3.2018         2018      50,000           –          –            –            –              –     15.3.2019 – 15.3.2022          47.00       30.29
                           21.12.2020         2018     100,000           –          –            –            –              –   21.12.2020 – 21.12.2021        107.00        44.55
                           30.12.2021         2018      50,000      25,000           –     (25,000)           –              –   30.12.2022 – 30.12.2023        154.90       115.13
                           22.12.2023         2018      75,000           –     75,000            –            –         75,000               22.12.2026           92.50      111.23
                                                                         –
Mr Joseph Galli Jr   (4)
                            21.3.2018        2018      514,000           –          –            –            –             –      15.3.2019 – 15.3.2022          47.00       30.29
                             3.1.2020        2018    1,000,000   1,000,000          –            –            –      1,000,000      On or about 1.1.2025          64.70       44.38
                           21.12.2020        2018    1,000,000           –          –            –            –             –                21.12.2020         107.00        44.55
                             4.3.2021         2018   1,000,000           –          –            –            –             –                  4.3.2021         121.40        80.25
                             4.3.2021         2018   1,000,000   1,000,000          –            –            –      1,000,000      On or about 1.1.2025        121.40        80.25
                           31.12.2021         2018   1,000,000   1,000,000          –            –            –      1,000,000      On or about 1.1.2025        155.20       121.14
                             3.3.2022         2018   1,000,000           –          –            –            –              –                 3.3.2022         136.10       130.19
                             3.3.2022         2018   1,000,000   1,000,000          – (1,000,000)             –              –                23.3.2023         136.10       130.19
                           30.12.2022         2018   1,000,000   1,000,000           –           –            –      1,000,000      On or about 1.1.2025          87.10      142.95
                           22.12.2023         2018   1,000,000           – 1,000,000             –            –      1,000,000               22.12.2024           92.50      111.23


Mr Kin Wah Chan             21.3.2018         2018      50,000           –           –           –            –              –     15.3.2019 – 15.3.2022          47.00       30.29
                           21.12.2020         2018     100,000           –           –           –            –              –   21.12.2020 – 21.12.2021         107.00       44.55
                           30.12.2021         2018      50,000      25,000           –     (25,000)           –              –   30.12.2022 – 30.12.2023         154.90      115.13
                           22.12.2023         2018      75,000           –     75,000            –            –         75,000               22.12.2026           92.50      111.23




                                                                                                                        Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023                  73
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                                    Number of awarded shares

                                         Share award Number of         As at Awarded         Vested     Lapsed            As at                                Closing price
                               Date of       scheme    awarded    January 1, during the   during the during the    December 31,                                  at the Date   Purchase
Share awards holders            Award       category     shares       2023         year         year       year          2023               Vesting Period          of Award       price
                                                                                                                                                                       (HK$)      (HK$)

Directors (continued)
Mr Chi Chung Chan            21.3.2018        2018       50,000           –          –            –            –              –     15.3.2019 – 15.3.2022             47.00       30.29
                            21.12.2020        2018      100,000           –          –            –            –              –   21.12.2020 – 21.12.2021           107.00        44.55
                            30.12.2021         2018      50,000      25,000          –      (25,000)           –              –   30.12.2022 – 30.12.2023           154.90       115.13
                            22.12.2023         2018      75,000           –     75,000            –            –        75,000                22.12.2026              92.50      111.23


Mr Camille Jojo               2.1.2019         2018      10,000           –          –            –            –              –                  2.1.2019             41.10       28.15
                             20.5.2019         2018     150,000           –          –            –            –              –     20.5.2020 – 20.5.2022             50.20       38.30
                              3.1.2020         2018      12,500           –          –            –            –              –                  3.1.2020             64.70       44.62
                            21.12.2020         2018      10,000           –           –           –            –              –   21.12.2021 – 21.12.2022           107.00        44.55
                            31.12.2020         2018      10,500           –           –           –            –              –               31.12.2020            110.60        49.67
                            30.12.2021         2018      18,000           –           –           –            –              –   30.12.2021 – 30.12.2022           154.90       115.13
                            30.12.2022         2018      11,000           –           –           –            –              –               30.12.2022              87.10      142.95
                            22.12.2023         2018      12,500           –     12,500            –            –         12,500               22.12.2026              92.50      111.23


Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung     21.12.2020        2018       10,000           –          –            –            –             –    21.12.2021 – 21.12.2022           107.00        44.55
  GBS BBS JP
                            30.12.2021        2018       12,500           –          –            –            –              –               30.12.2022            154.90       115.13
                            22.12.2023        2018       12,500           –     12,500            –            –        12,500                22.12.2024              92.50      111.23


Mr Peter David Sullivan     21.12.2020         2018      10,000           –          –            –            –              –   21.12.2021 – 21.12.2022           107.00        44.55
                            30.12.2021         2018      12,500           –          –            –            –              –               30.12.2022            154.90       115.13
                            22.12.2023         2018      12,500           –     12,500            –            –        12,500                22.12.2024              92.50      111.23


Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse   21.12.2020         2018      10,000           –          –            –            –              –   21.12.2021 – 21.12.2022           107.00        44.55
                            30.12.2021         2018      12,500      12,500          –            –            –         12,500                  2.5.2024(6)        154.90       115.13
                            22.12.2023        2018       12,500           –     12,500            –            –        12,500                22.12.2024              92.50      111.23


Mr Robert Hinman Getz       21.12.2020        2018       10,000       5,000          –            –            –          5,000                       N/A(7)        107.00        44.55
                            30.12.2021        2018       12,500      12,500          –            –            –        12,500                        N/A(8)        154.90       115.13
                            22.12.2023        2018       12,500           –     12,500            –            –        12,500                22.12.2024              92.50      111.23




74        Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                                                                            Number of awarded shares

                                              Share award Number of          As at Awarded          Vested     Lapsed             As at                               Closing price
                                    Date of       scheme    awarded     January 1, during the    during the during the     December 31,                                 at the Date   Purchase
Share awards holders                 Award       category     shares        2023         year          year       year           2023              Vesting Period          of Award       price
                                                                                                                                                                              (HK$)      (HK$)

Directors (continued)
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding    30.12.2021         2018       12,500       12,500            –           –             –        12,500                       N/A(9)        154.90       115.13
                                22.12.2023         2018       12,500            –     12,500             –             –        12,500                22.12.2024             92.50      111.23


Ms Caroline Christina Kracht    22.12.2023         2018       12,500            –     12,500             –             –        12,500                22.12.2024             92.50      111.23

Total for directors                                        12,976,000 5,417,500 1,437,500 (1,375,000)                  –     5,480,000

Employees                         20.5.2019        2018     1,100,000    400,000             –    (200,000)            –       200,000      20.5.2020 – 20.5.2024            50.20       45.30
                                21.12.2020          2018      10,000            –            –           –             –             –                 20.5.2021           107.00        44.55
                                21.12.2020          2018      10,000            –            –           –             –             –                 30.7.2021           107.00        44.55

Total for employees                                        1,120,000     400,000             –    (200,000)            –       200,000

Total for all categories                                   14,096,000 5,817,500 1,437,500 (1,575,000)                  –     5,680,000


Notes:
(1)    All the awarded shares are purchased on the market. All awarded shares were                (5)    The performance targets of the awarded shares granted in 2023 to Executive
       granted to Directors only during the year ended December 31, 2023. No share                       Directors are generally assessed at two respective levels, namely the individual
       awards were cancelled or lapsed during the year ended December 31, 2023.                          level and the Group’s level. None of the awarded shares granted in 2023 to
(2)    At the end of the year, the average fair value per share is HK$98.98. The                         the Non-executive Director and the Independent Non-executive Directors are
       average fair value of the awarded shares is based on the average purchase                         subject to any performance targets assessment by the Company.
       cost.                                                                                      (6)    The Board has exercised its discretion under the scheme rules to amend
(3)    During the reporting year, a total of 350,000 shares were purchased at an                         the vesting date of the 12,500 shares which were awarded to
       aggregate consideration of US$3,525,000 for satisfying the awards granted                         Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse from December 30, 2022 to May 2, 2024.
       pursuant to the 2018 Share Award Scheme.                                                   (7)    The Board has exercised its discretion under the scheme rules to amend the
(4)    As to the agreement for the separate 5,000,000 awarded shares to be granted                       vesting date of the 5,000 shares which were awarded to Mr Robert Hinman
       to Mr Joseph Galli Jr between 2020 to 2024 in five equal tranches (i.e.                           Getz from December 21, 2022 to upon his cessation as a director of the
       1,000,000 awarded shares per year) provided the Company meets certain                             Company.
       performance criteria each year, all the tranches of 1,000,000 shares each                  (8)    The Board has exercised its discretion under the scheme rules to amend the
       were awarded to Mr Galli on January 3, 2020, March 4, 2021, December 31,                          vesting date of the 12,500 shares which were awarded to Mr Robert Hinman
       2021, December 30, 2022 and January 5, 2024 respectively. Details of the                          Getz from December 30, 2022 to upon his cessation as a director of the
       last tranche of 1,000,000 shares granted on January 5, 2024 as disclosed                          Company.
       above are not included. These shares are scheduled to vest to Mr Galli on or               (9)    The Board has exercised its discretion under the scheme rules to amend the
       about January 5, 2025 if he remains in his current role. The above mentioned                      vesting date of the 12,500 shares which were awarded to Ms Virginia Davis
       performance criteria are set out in the “Remuneration Committee” section in                       Wilmerding from December 30, 2022 to upon her cessation as a director of
       this Corporate Governance Report.                                                                 the Company.
       As to the agreement for the 5,000,000 shares might be granted subject to,
       inter alia, the achievement of performance criteria (i.e. reaching a specific
                                                                                                  The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before
       EBIT target each year) for the years between 2022 to 2026 respectively,
       the 1,000,000 shares for 2022 were awarded to Mr Galli on March 3, 2022
                                                                                                  the various dates on which the share awards were granted was
       and vested on March 23, 2023. The 1,000,000 shares for the year 2023                       HK$91.30 in 2023. The fair value of awarded shares at the date of
       were awarded to Mr Galli on December 22, 2023 and will be vested on 1st                    grant in 2023 was HK$111.23.
       anniversary of the date of award. If the respective performance criteria are not
       completed for a year, the grant for that year will lapse. Details of the remaining         The weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares
       3,000,000 shares to be granted as disclosed above are not included. The                    immediately before the various dates on which the share awards
       above mentioned performance criteria are set out in the “Remuneration                      were vested during 2023 was HK$86.01. The number of shares that
       Committee” section in this Corporate Governance Report.
                                                                                                  may be issued in respect of share awards granted under the 2018
                                                                                                  Share Award Scheme and the share options granted under Scheme
                                                                                                  E (details are set out in the section headed “Share Options” in
                                                                                                  Report of the Directors) during 2023 divided by the weighted average
                                                                                                  number of shares in issue for the year is 0.28%.


                                                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023                    75
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The number of shares available for grant under (i) 2018 Share              None of the share awards granted under the 2018 Share Award
Award Scheme at the beginning of the year was 170,843,694; and             Scheme before January 1, 2023 were subject to any
(ii) under the approved scheme mandate at the end of the year was          performance-based targets or clawback mechanisms except for
183,479,794 pursuant to the amended and restated rules of the              those granted to Mr Joseph Galli Jr as detailed in Note 4 on page 75.
2018 Share Award Scheme. The total number of shares available for          The Remuneration Committee is of the view that these are justifiable
issue under the 2018 Share Award Scheme is 183,479,794, which              as all such decisions were (i) made before the corresponding
represents (i) approximately 10.00% of the issued share capital of the     new requirements under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules became
Company as at December 31, 2023; and (ii) approximately 10.01%             effective on January 1, 2023 and within the authority and discretion
of the issued share capital of the Company as at the date of this          of the Board as stipulated under the rules of the 2018 Share Award
Annual Report. The number of shares that may be issued in respect          Scheme; and (ii) aligned with the purpose of the 2018 Share Award
of share awards granted under the 2018 Share Award Scheme                  Scheme as a recognition and reward of the grantee’s contributions to
and the share options granted under Scheme E is 163,085,794,               the Group’s continuing operation and development and which in turn
representing approximately 8.89% of the issued share capital of the        is beneficial to the shareholders and the Company as a whole from a
Company as at December 31, 2023.                                           business sustainability and stability perspective.

Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others                Save as disclosed above, no other person was granted share awards
providing similar services are measured at the fair value of the equity    for the year ended December 31, 2023.
instruments at the grant date.
                                                                           Change in Directors’ Emoluments
The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined
                                                                           Ms Caroline Christina Kracht, an Independent Non-executive
at the grant date without taking into consideration all non-market
                                                                           Director, was appointed as member of the Audit Committee with
vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the
                                                                           effect from March 1, 2023 and will be entitled to the Audit Committee
vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments
                                                                           fee which has been fixed by the Board.
that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity
(employee share-based compensation reserve). At the end of each            Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding, an Independent Non-executive
reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of          Director, was appointed as member of the Remuneration Committee
equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all             with effect from March 1, 2023 and will be entitled to the
relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision         Remuneration Committee fee which has been fixed by the Board.
of the original estimates, if any, is recognized in profit or loss
                                                                           An increase of US$10,000 to the board retainer fee for Non-executive
such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate,
                                                                           Directors and Independent Non-executive Directors and an increase
with a corresponding adjustment to the employee share-based
                                                                           of US$5,000 in the Chair fee to both the Chairman of the Audit
compensation reserve.
                                                                           Committee and the Remuneration Committee, which was approved
When the trustee purchases the Company’s shares on the open                by all the Executive Directors of the Company, has taken effect from
market, the consideration paid, including any directly attributable        April 1, 2023.
incremental costs, is presented as shares held for share award
                                                                           Mr Camille Jojo, a Non-executive Director, was re-designated
scheme and deducted from total equity. No gain or loss is recognized
                                                                           to an Executive Director and ceased to be a member of the
on the transactions of the Company’s own shares.
                                                                           Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee with effect from
When the trustee transfers the Company’s shares to grantees upon           December 1, 2023.
vesting, the related costs of the granted shares vested are reversed
from shares held under the share award scheme. Accordingly,                Company Secretary
the related expense of the granted shares vested is reversed from          The Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring that Board
the employee share-based compensation reserve. The difference              procedures are followed. All Directors have access to the advice
arising from this transfer is debited/credited to retained profits. At     and services of the Company Secretary. The Company Secretary is
the end of the reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the     also responsible for facilitating information flow and communication
number of shares that are expected to ultimately vest. The impact          among Directors as well as with shareholders and management of the
of the revision of the estimate, if any, is recognized in profit or loss   Company. The Company Secretary is an employee of the Company
with a corresponding adjustment to the employee share-based                and is appointed by the Board. The Company Secretary undertook
compensation reserve.                                                      over 15 hours of professional training to update her skills and
The fair value of the share award is estimated based on the share          knowledge every year.
price of the Company on date of purchase/grant.




76     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Accountability and Audit                                                     The Board, and in particular the Audit Committee, conducts
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for overseeing the                 a continuous review of the effectiveness of the Group’s risk
preparation of the accounts of the Group which give a true and fair          management and internal control systems that have been put in
view of the Group’s state of affairs, results and cash flows for the year.   place. The reviews covering financial, operational, and compliance
                                                                             controls and risk management performed in 2023 included:
The Board will present a balanced, clear and understandable
assessment of annual and interim reports, other price-sensitive              •   the adequacy and performance of accounting and financial
announcements and other financial disclosures required under the                 reporting functions.
Listing Rules, and reports to the regulators as well as information          •   the regular internal audit updates and the strategic and annual
required to be disclosed pursuant to statutory requirements.                     operating plan.

Risk Management and Internal Controls                                        •   the organization structure and delegated authorities.

Effective risk management and internal control systems are vital in          •   the scope and quality of the management’s ongoing monitoring
order to achieve long term goals of the Group through identifying and            of risks and internal control system and the effectiveness of
evaluating the Group’s risks and formulating appropriate mitigating              the Company’s procedures relating to statutory and regulatory
controls. The Board is responsible for continuously monitoring and               compliance.
reviewing key internal control policies which include delegated
                                                                             •   the risk management process including formal risk assessment
authorities, non-audit services, treasury management policy, policy
                                                                                 at the enterprise level upon discussions with senior management
on market disclosure and investor and media relations, as well as key
                                                                                 responsible for day-to-day management of significant risks.
risk management functions which include legal, insurance, human
resources, capital management and treasury. The Board conducts               The Company identifies, assesses and prioritizes the risks that are
an annual review of the effectiveness of the risk management and             most relevant to the Company’s success according to their likelihood
internal control systems of the Company, which is designed to                and impact. Risk assessment is conducted with the objective to
manage and minimize risks of failure in operational systems, and             improve the design and effectiveness of the Company’s internal
to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance that material               controls. Mitigation plans or controls enhancements are developed
misstatement or loss can be avoided.                                         and implemented by business units based on the risk assessment.
                                                                             The Company also reviews its risk framework on an ongoing basis
The internal audit function is essential for providing an independent
                                                                             considering substantial changes and pursues improvements of
and objective assurance to the Audit Committee and the Board in
                                                                             enterprise risk management.
controlling the internal business environment. The internal audit
function continuously maintains an independent review on key                 The procedures and internal controls for handling and disseminating
business aspects in accordance with the annual audit plan, and               of inside information are governed by the Model Code, the Code
reports the key findings to the Board through the Audit Committee.           for Securities Transactions by Relevant Employees, the Complaint
In addition, the internal auditor of the Company reports periodically        Resolution Policy and Procedure, the Policy on Market Disclosure,
to the Audit Committee and communicates with the Chairman of the             Investor and Media Relations, with a view to ensuring compliance
Audit Committee regularly so as to evaluate and manage significant           with the Articles and the statutory and regulatory requirements that
risks that may be identified throughout. The internal audit function         the Group is subject to.
also annually performs risk assessment to build the audit plan of the
                                                                             In light of the above reviews and policies, the Board confirms that the
Group.
                                                                             Group’s risk management and internal controls systems are effective
The Board, together with the Audit Committee, focuses on                     and adequate.
strengthening the Group’s risk management culture, ensuring the
whole risk management framework is adequate and effective and                External Auditor
oversees the internal audit function. The Group continuously reviews         Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the external auditor of the Group,
its risk framework in light of substantial changes and pursues               provided the following audit and non-audit services to the Group in
improvements of enterprise risk management. A whistle blowing                2023:
policy (the “Complaint Resolution Policy and Procedure”) has been
                                                                                                                                         Amount
adopted in order to detect and identify improprieties and bring the
                                                                             Nature of Services                                     (US$ million)
issues to the attention of the management, the Audit Committee
as well as the Board. Furthermore, the Group regularly conducts              External Audit Services                                           3.03
in-house anti-bribery training sessions to bolster the Group’s               Taxation Services                                                 0.13
anti-corruption culture, awareness and knowledge.                            Other Services                                                    0.06

                                                                             The other services provided by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu comprised
                                                                             professional services conducted under the terms of specified
                                                                             engagements.



                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023       77
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The nature and ratio of annual fees to the external auditor for audit    Shareholders’ Rights
services and non-audit services are subject to scrutiny by the Audit
Committee to ensure the independence of the external auditor. All        CONVENING OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING ON
non-audit services from the external auditor are regulated by the        REQUISITION BY SHAREHOLDERS
Policy on Non-Audit Services published on the Company’s website          Pursuant to Article 64 of the Articles and sections 566-568 of the
(www.ttigroup.com).                                                      Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the laws of Hong Kong),
                                                                         shareholders holding at least 5% of the total voting rights of all
The Audit Committee and the external auditor of the Group meet
                                                                         the shareholders having a right to vote at general meetings of the
twice a year without the presence of the management of the Group to
                                                                         Company (the “Requisitionists”), may request the Directors to
enhance independent reporting by the external auditor of the Group.
                                                                         convene an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”). The written
In order to maintain effective communication with shareholders, the
                                                                         requisition must state the general nature of the business to be dealt
external auditor attended the 2023 Annual General Meeting to answer
                                                                         with at the EGM and must be signed by the Requisitionists and sent
questions about the accounting policies, the auditor’s independence,
                                                                         to the registered office of the Company which is currently located
the conduct of the audit and the preparation and content of the
                                                                         at 29/F, Tower 2, Kowloon Commerce Centre, 51 Kwai Cheong
auditor’s report.
                                                                         Road, Kwai Chung, New Territories, Hong Kong for the attention
                                                                         of the Company Secretary. The requisition may consist of several
Investor Relations and Shareholder
                                                                         documents in like form and may include the text of a resolution that
Communications
                                                                         may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at the EGM.
The Company aims to maintain an effective communication and
on-going dialogue with its shareholders and investors particularly       If the Directors do not, within 21 days after the date on which they
through the following major means:                                       become subject to the requirement, proceed duly to convene an
                                                                         EGM for a day not more than 28 days after the date of the notice
Shareholders Communication Policy                                        convening the EGM, the Requisitionists, or any of them representing
The Board has adopted the Shareholders Communication Policy              more than one half of the total voting rights of all of them, may
on March 22, 2012, which primarily covers the current practices          themselves convene an EGM. The EGM must be called for a date
for communicating with shareholders and is published on the              not more than three months after the date on which the Directors
Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com). All the Company’s circulars,       become subject to the requirement to call an EGM. Any reasonable
announcements, notices and results of general meetings, annual and       expenses incurred by the Requisitionists by reason of the failure
interim reports, and webcasts of results presentations conducted at      of the Directors duly to convene an EGM shall be repaid to the
press conferences, which are published on the Company’s website          Requisitionists by the Company.
(www.ttigroup.com), provide timely, efficient and accurate information
to shareholders and investors. Essential information is communicated     PROCEDURE FOR NOMINATING A PERSON FOR ELECTION
to the shareholders mainly through the Company’s financial reports,      AS A DIRECTOR
general meetings and the information published on the Company’s          For the detailed procedure for shareholders to nominate a person to
website (www.ttigroup.com) and the Stock Exchange’s website              stand for election as Director, please refer to the written procedure
(www.hkexnews.hk). In addition, the Company holds regular                named “Nomination of Directors by Shareholders” which is published
meetings with institutional shareholders and analysts and encourages     on the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com).
shareholders to attend annual general meetings to communicate
with Directors and management of the Company directly. Important         PROCEDURE FOR DIRECTING SHAREHOLDERS’ ENQUIRIES
shareholders’ dates in the coming financial year are set out in          TO THE BOARD
the section headed “Corporate Information” of this annual report.        The Company values feedback from shareholders on its efforts to
The Board reviews the implementation of the Shareholders                 promote transparency and foster investor relationships. Shareholders
Communication Policy on a regular basis (including steps taken           may address their comments, suggestions and/or enquires to the
at the general meetings, the handling of queries received and the        Board in writing through Investor Relations and Communication
multiple channels of communication and engagement in place) and          (contact details are set out in the section headed “Corporate
considered it has been properly and effectively implemented during       Information” of this annual report).
the year.
                                                                         PROCEDURE FOR PUTTING FORWARD PROPOSALS AT
A Policy on Market Disclosure, Investor and Media Relations,
                                                                         GENERAL MEETINGS
published on the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com), ensures
                                                                         Pursuant to Section 615 of the Companies Ordinance, shareholders
that the Company complies with its disclosure obligations under the
                                                                         may submit a written requisition to circulate a resolution at an annual
Listing Rules and other applicable laws and regulations, and that all
                                                                         general meeting (“AGM”) if they: (a) represent at least 2.5% of the
shareholders and investors have an equal opportunity to receive and
                                                                         total voting rights of all shareholders having a right to vote on the
obtain externally available information issued by the Company.
                                                                         resolution at the AGM to which the request relates; or (b) are at least
                                                                         50 shareholders having a right to vote on the resolution at the AGM to
                                                                         which the request relates.


78    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The written requisition must: (a) identify the resolution of which                Constitutional Document
notice is to be given; (b) be signed by the requisitionists; (c) be               No change has been made to the Company’s constitutional
sent to the registered office of the Company for the attention of the             document during 2023. The constitutional document of the Company
Company Secretary; and (d) be received by the Company not later                   was published on the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com) and
than six weeks before the AGM to which the request relates or if                  the Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk).
later, the time at which notice is given of that AGM. Shareholders
are requested to refer to Section 580 and 615 of the Companies                    Board, Board Committee and General Meetings
Ordinance for further details.                                                    in 2023
                                                                                  A summary of attendance of Board, Board Committee and general
                                                                                  meetings in 2023 are detailed in the following table:


                                                                                       Meetings attended/Held in 2023

                                                                                      Audit       Nomination     Remuneration             General
                                                                        Board     Committee       Committee        Committee              Meeting

Number of meeting(s) held during the year                                    6             4                2                 4                   1

Group Executive Directors
Mr Horst Julius Pudwill                                                     6/6                           2/2                                    1/1
Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill                                                    6/6                                                                  1/1
Mr Joseph Galli Jr                                                          6/6                                                                  1/1
Mr Kin Wah Chan                                                             6/6                                                                  1/1
Mr Chi Chung Chan                                                           6/6                                                                  1/1
Mr Camille Jojo(1)                                                          6/6          4/4                                 3/3                 1/1

Non-executive Director
Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP                                          6/6                                                                  1/1

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr Peter David Sullivan                                                     6/6          4/4                                 4/4                 1/1
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse                                                   6/6          4/4              2/2                                    1/1
Mr Robert Hinman Getz                                                       6/6          4/4              2/2                4/4                 1/1
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding      (2)
                                                                            6/6                           2/2                3/3                 1/1
Ms Caroline Christina Kracht     (3)
                                                                            6/6          3/3                                                     1/1

Date(s) of meeting(s)                                             18.1.2023       28.02.2023        28.2.2023        28.2.2023          12.5.2023
                                                                      1.3.2023     11.5.2023         8.8.2023        12.5.2023
                                                                  11.5.2023         8.8.2023                            8.8.2023
                                                                      8.6.2023     9.11.2023                         1.12.2023
                                                                      9.8.2023
                                                                  9.11.2023

Notes:
(1)   Mr Camille Jojo was re-designated from a Non-Executive Director to an
      Executive Director and ceased to be a member of the Audit Committee and
      Remuneration Committee with effect from December 1, 2023.
(2)   Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding was appointed as a member of the
      Remuneration Committee with effect from March 1, 2023.
(3)   Ms Caroline Christina Kracht was appointed as a member of the Audit
      Committee with effect from March 1, 2023.




                                                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023    79
Report of the Directors
The directors have the pleasure in presenting their annual report and     Share Capital
the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31,          Details of movements during the year in the share capital of
2023.                                                                     the Company are set out in Note 39 to the consolidated financial
                                                                          statements.
Principal Activities and Business Review
The Company acts as an investment holding company.                        Other than 350,000 shares of the Company purchased on-market by
                                                                          the trustee for satisfying the awarded shares granted under
The principal activities of the principal subsidiaries and an associate   the Company’s share award scheme (details which are set out in the
are set out in Notes 51 and 52 to the consolidated financial              Corporate Governance Report), a total of 500,000 ordinary shares
statements, respectively.                                                 were bought back by the Company during the year at prices ranging
Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by        from HK$67.90 to HK$68.70 per share. The aggregate amount paid
Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of              by the Company for such buy-backs amounting to US$4,408,000
the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “Company Ordinance”), including a             was charged to the retained earnings.
fair review of the business and a discussion of the principal risks       The shares bought back were cancelled immediately and
and uncertainties facing the Group, particulars of important events       accordingly the issued share capital of the Company was reduced
affecting the Group that have occurred, and an indication of likely       correspondingly. The buy-backs of the Company’s shares during
future development in the Group’s business, can be found in the           the year were effected by the Directors pursuant to the mandate
“Chairman’s Statement”, “Chief Executive Officer’s Message”,              granted by shareholders at the previous annual general meeting of
“Review of Operations”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis”,           the Company, with a view to benefiting shareholders as a whole by
“Corporate Governance Report”, and “Financial Summary”                    enhancing the net asset value per share and earnings per share of
sections of this Annual Report, and the “Environmental, Social and        the Company.
Governance Report” (the “ESG Report”), which will be published
separately. The above sections and the ESG Report form part of this       Directors
report.                                                                   The directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of
                                                                          this report were:
Results and Appropriations
The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023             Group Executive Directors:
are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other     Mr Horst Julius Pudwill, Chairman
comprehensive income on page 96.                                          Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill, Vice Chairman
An interim dividend of HK95.00 cents (approximately US12.23 cents)        Mr Joseph Galli Jr, Chief Executive Officer
per share amounting to approximately US$224,334,000 was paid to           Mr Kin Wah Chan
the shareholders during the year.                                         Mr Chi Chung Chan
                                                                          Mr Camille Jojo (re-designated from Non-executive Director to Executive Director with
The directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK98.00
                                                                          effect from December 1, 2023)
cents (approximately US12.61 cents) per share to the shareholders
on the register of members on May 20, 2024, amounting to                  Non-executive Director:
approximately US$231,355,000.
                                                                          Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP

Property, Plant and Equipment                                             Independent Non-executive Directors:
The Group continued to expand its business and during the year
                                                                          Mr Peter David Sullivan
spent approximately US$1,387,000 on moulds and tooling, office
                                                                          Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse
equipment, furniture and fixtures for approximately US$18,859,000
                                                                          Mr Robert Hinman Getz
and plant and machinery for approximately US$28,426,000. Details
                                                                          Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding
of these and other movements in the property, plant and equipment
                                                                          Ms Caroline Christina Kracht
of the Group and the Company during the year are set out in Note 16
                                                                          Mr Andrew Philip Roberts (appointed with effect from January 1, 2024)
to the consolidated financial statements.




80    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




In accordance with Article 107(A) of the Articles, Mr Stephan                   Directors of Subsidiaries
Horst Pudwill, Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP, Mr Peter                     The names of all directors who have served on the boards of the
David Sullivan, Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse and Ms Virginia Davis                 subsidiaries of the Company during the year ended December 31,
Wilmerding will retire at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.               2023 and during the period from January 1, 2024 to the date of this
With the exception of Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP who will               Report are available on the Company’s website (www.ttigroup.com).
not stand for re-election, all other retiring Directors, being eligible, will
offer themselves for re-election. In accordance with Article 98 of the          Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests
Articles, Mr Andrew Philip Roberts, who was appointed on January
                                                                                As at December 31, 2023, the interests and short positions of the
1, 2024, shall retire at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and,
                                                                                directors and the chief executive of the Company in the shares,
being eligible, will offer himself for re-election.
                                                                                underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its
No director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming Annual                  associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
General Meeting has a service contract which is not determinable by             Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) which have been notified
the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other                to the Company pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
than statutory compensation.                                                    (including interests and short positions which any such director or
                                                                                chief executive was taken or deemed to have under such provisions
Terms of Office of Non-executive Director and                                   of the SFO) or as recorded in the register required to be kept under
Independent Non-executive Directors                                             section 352 of the SFO or otherwise notified to the Company and
The term of office for each of the Non-executive Director and                   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”)
Independent Non-executive Directors is the period up to his/her                 pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
retirement by rotation in accordance with Article 107(A) of the                 of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix C3 (formerly known as
Articles.                                                                       Appendix 10) to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
                                                                                Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) were as
                                                                                follows:

                                                                                                       Interests in
                                                                                   Interests in         underlying              Total
                                                                                 shares (other               shares         interests    Approximate
                                                                                than pursuant             pursuant         in shares/       aggregate
                                          Capacity/                                   to equity           to equity       underlying    percentage of
Name of directors                         Nature of interests                      derivatives)(1)      derivatives(1)         shares        interests

Mr Horst Julius Pudwill                   Beneficial owner                       146,714,000(2)           805,500        364,439,294         19.87%
                                          Interests of spouse                         760,000                     –
                                          Interests of controlled corporation    216,159,794    (3)
                                                                                                                  –
Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill                  Beneficial owner                          5,234,500(4)        6,250,000         45,492,000           2.48%
                                          Beneficiary of a trust                  34,007,500    (5)
                                                                                                                  –
Mr Joseph Galli Jr                        Beneficial owner                        16,916,000    (6)
                                                                                                          750,000         17,666,000           0.96%
Mr Kin Wah Chan                           Beneficial owner                            766,000   (7)
                                                                                                        4,950,000          5,716,000           0.31%
Mr Chi Chung Chan                         Beneficial owner                          1,125,000(8)        5,250,000          6,375,000           0.35%
Mr Camille Jojo                           Beneficial owner                            151,500   (9)
                                                                                                          286,000           437,500            0.02%
Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP        Beneficial owner                        49,190,948    (10)
                                                                                                          486,000         86,751,978           4.73%
                                          Interests of controlled corporation     37,075,030    (11)
                                                                                                                  –
Mr Peter David Sullivan                   Beneficial owner                            532,000(12)         139,000           671,000            0.04%
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse                 Beneficial owner                             35,000   (13)
                                                                                                          471,000           506,000            0.03%
Mr Robert Hinman Getz                     Beneficial owner                             85,674   (14)
                                                                                                          214,000           299,674            0.02%
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding              Beneficial owner                             25,000(15)          89,500           114,500            0.01%
Ms Caroline Christina Kracht              Beneficial owner                             12,500(16)          60,000            72,500 less than 0.01%




                                                                                                        Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023    81
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests                                              (9)   These included Mr Camille Jojo’s interests in 12,500 awarded shares which
                                                                                              remained unvested under the share award schemes of the Company as of
(continued)
                                                                                              December 31, 2023. Details of Mr Camille Jojo’s awarded shares are set out in
Notes:                                                                                        the Corporate Governance Report.
(1)   Interests in shares and underlying shares stated above represent long positions   (10) These included Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP’s interests in 12,500
      of the Company.                                                                        awarded shares which remained unvested under the share award schemes of
      The interests of the directors of the Company in the underlying shares                 the Company as of December 31, 2023. Details of Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung
      pursuant to equity derivatives, which were held as beneficial owner, represent         GBS BBS JP’s awarded shares are set out in the Corporate Governance Report.
      share options granted to them respectively pursuant to the share option           (11) These shares were held by Cordless Industries Company Limited* in which
      schemes adopted by the Company, details of which are separately disclosed in           Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP has a beneficial interest.
      the section headed “Share Options” below. These share options are physically
                                                                                              *    Cordless Industries Company Limited is owned as to 70% by Mr Horst
      settled and unlisted.
                                                                                                   Julius Pudwill and as to 30% by Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP.
(2)   These included Mr Horst Julius Pudwill’s interests in 125,000 awarded shares
                                                                                        (12) These included Mr Peter David Sullivan’s interests in 12,500 awarded shares
      which remained unvested under the share award schemes of the Company
                                                                                             which remained unvested under the share award schemes of the Company as
      as of December 31, 2023. Details of Mr Horst Julius Pudwill’s awarded shares
                                                                                             of December 31, 2023. Details of Mr Peter David Sullivan’s awarded shares
      are set out in the Corporate Governance Report.
                                                                                             are set out in the Corporate Governance Report.
(3)   These shares were held by the following companies in which Mr Horst Julius
                                                                                        (13) These included Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse’s interests in 25,000 awarded
      Pudwill has a beneficial interest:
                                                                                             shares which remained unvested under the share award schemes of
                                                                      No. of shares          the Company as of December 31, 2023. Details of Mr Johannes-Gerhard
                                                                                             Hesse’s awarded shares are set out in the Corporate Governance Report.
      Sunning Inc.                                                    179,084,764
                                                                                        (14) These included Mr Robert Hinman Getz’s interests in 30,000 awarded shares
      Cordless Industries Company Limited*                             37,075,030            which remained unvested under the share award schemes of the Company as
                                                                                             of December 31, 2023. Details of Mr Robert Hinman Getz’s awarded shares
                                                                      216,159,794
                                                                                             are set out in the Corporate Governance Report.
                                                                                        (15) These included Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding’s interests in 25,000 awarded
(4)   These included Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill’s interests in 75,000 awarded                  shares which remained unvested under the share award schemes of
      shares which remained unvested under the share award schemes of the                    the Company as of December 31, 2023. Details of Ms Virginia Davis
      Company as of December 31, 2023. Details of Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill’s                 Wilmerding’s awarded shares are set out in the Corporate Governance Report.
      awarded shares are set out in the Corporate Governance Report.
                                                                                        (16) These included Ms Caroline Christina Kracht’s interests in 12,500 awarded
(5)   These shares were held by a trust of which Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill is one of          shares which remained unvested under the share award schemes of
      the beneficiaries.                                                                     the Company as of December 31, 2023. Details of Ms Caroline Christina
(6)   These included Mr Joseph Galli Jr’s interests in 5,000,000 awarded shares              Kracht’s awarded shares are set out in the Corporate Governance Report.
      which remained unvested under the share award schemes of the Company as
      of December 31, 2023 and 4,000,000 awarded shares which agreed but not
                                                                                        Save as disclosed above, none of the directors and the chief
      yet granted to Mr Galli. Details of Mr Joseph Galli Jr’s awarded shares are set
      out in the Corporate Governance Report.
                                                                                        executive of the Company was interested or had any short position in
                                                                                        any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and its
(7)   These included Mr Kin Wah Chan’s interests in 75,000 awarded shares which
      remained unvested under the share award schemes of the Company as of              associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as
      December 31, 2023. Details of Mr Kin Wah Chan’s awarded shares are set out        at December 31, 2023.
      in the Corporate Governance Report.
(8)   These included Mr Chi Chung Chan’s interests in 75,000 awarded shares
      which remained unvested under the share award schemes of the Company as
      of December 31, 2023. Details of Mr Chi Chung Chan’s awarded shares are
      set out in the Corporate Governance Report.




82       Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Share Options                                                              The maximum number of shares in respect of which share options
                                                                           may be granted under Scheme D is not permitted to exceed 30.0%
Share Option Schemes                                                       of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time or
The Company has two share option schemes in place - Scheme                 10.0% of the shares in issue as at the adoption date of Scheme D.
D and Scheme E. Scheme D was adopted on May 29, 2007 and                   No person shall be granted an option which exceeds 1.0% of the
expired on May 28, 2017, though its provisions shall remain in full        shares in issue as at the date of offer in any 12-month period up to
force and effect in all other respects. Following the expiry of Scheme     the date thereof.
D, Scheme E was adopted on May 19, 2017 and subsequently
                                                                           Options may be exercised at any time immediately after vesting on
amended and restated on May 12, 2023 (“Scheme E Amendment
                                                                           each of the first and, depending on the vesting conditions, second
Date”), and will expire on May 18, 2027.
                                                                           and third anniversary of the relevant date of grant of the share option
Both Scheme D and Scheme E are aimed for recognition of the                to the tenth anniversary of such date of grant. The exercise price is
contribution to the development and growth of the Group by the             determined by the Directors of the Company, and will not be less
eligible persons. Below are the summary of the principal terms of          than the higher of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on
Scheme D:                                                                  the date of grant; and (ii) the average closing price of the shares for
                                                                           the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant.
The Board of Directors of the Company may grant share options to
the following eligible persons (and their wholly owned companies)          In view of the amendments to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules relating
of the Company, its subsidiaries and any companies in which the            to share schemes of listed issuers effective from January 1, 2023, the
Group holds any equity interest, to subscribe for shares in the            scheme rules of Scheme E were amended and restated with effect
Company: (i) employees; or (ii) Directors; or (iii) secondees; or          from May 12, 2023 as below:
(iv) any shareholders of any member of the Group or invested entity
                                                                           The Board may, as its discretion and on such terms as it may think
or controlling shareholders or any holders of any securities issued by
                                                                           fit, grant such share options to eligible participants as it may in its
any member of the Group; or (v) business partners; or (vi) suppliers;
                                                                           absolute discretion select in accordance with the terms of Scheme E.
or (vii) customers; or (viii) advisers of the Group.
                                                                           Eligible participants include (i) employees; (ii) Directors; (iii) related
Share options granted must be taken up within 21 days of the date          entity participants and (iv) service providers.
of grant, upon payment of consideration to be determined by the
                                                                           Share options granted must be taken up within 21 days of the date
Board for the grant thereof. Share options may be exercised at any
                                                                           of grant, upon payment of consideration to be determined by the
time, subject to vesting conditions, from the date of grant to the tenth
                                                                           Board for the grant thereof. Share options may be exercised at any
anniversary thereof. The subscription price is set at the highest of:
                                                                           time, subject to vesting conditions, from the first date of vesting to the
the closing price of the shares on the date of offer of the share option
                                                                           tenth anniversary of the date of grant. The subscription price is set
or the average closing price of shares as stated in the daily quotation
                                                                           at the highest of: the closing price of the shares on the date of offer
sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five trading days
                                                                           of the share option or the average closing price of shares as stated in
immediately preceding the date of offer.
                                                                           the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five
                                                                           trading days immediately preceding the date of offer.




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023       83
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Share Options (continued)                                                 The Directors or the Remuneration Committee (as the case may
According to the scheme rules as amended and restated on May 12,          be) have the authority to establish performance target and/or
2023, the overall limit on the number of shares under share options       clawback mechanism in relation to the granting of share options.
from time to time under Scheme E and any other share scheme(s)            The Board is of the view that the flexibility granted to the Directors
of the Company shall not, in aggregate, exceed 10.00% of the total        to specify appropriate conditions, restrictions and/or limitations on a
issued share capital of the Company as at Scheme E Amendment              case-by-case basis in their absolute discretion when offering and/or
Date. Within the scheme mandate limit, the total number of shares         vesting share options to eligible participants could provide a more
which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted to         meaningful and functional means to achieve the purpose of Scheme
service providers shall not exceed 1.00% of the total issued share        E (whether as recognition of past contribution or as incentive to
capital of the Company as at Scheme E Amendment Date. Where               motivate, retain or attract suitable talents) in light of the particulars
any grant of share options to a share option grantee under Scheme E       circumstances of each offer of share options. General factors that the
would result in shares issued and to be issued in respect of all share    Board may take into account for imposing performance targets and
options or awarded shares granted to such person (excluding any           clawback mechanisms include, but not limited to the Group’s level
share options and awarded shares lapsed in accordance with the            and the individual’s level. The Board or the Remuneration Committee
terms of Scheme E or any other share scheme(s) of the Company)            (as the case may be) will carefully assess whether performance
in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant         targets, if any, are satisfied upon receipt of any notice of exercise of
representing in aggregate over 1.00% of the total issued share capital    share options from a grantee.
of the Company as at Scheme E Amendment Date, such grant of               Options may be exercised at any time immediately after each of
share options must be separately approved by the shareholders in          the first, and depending on the vesting conditions, second and
general meeting with such share option grantee and his/her close          third anniversary of the relevant date of grant of the share option
associates (or his/her associates if the share option grantee is a        to the tenth anniversary of such date of grant. The exercise price is
connected person of the Company) abstaining from voting. Without          determined by the Directors of the Company, and will not be less
prejudice to the above, where any grant of share options or awarded       than the higher of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on
shares to a Director (other than an Independent Non-executive             the date of grant; and (ii) the average closing price of the shares for
Director) or chief executive of the Company, or any of their respective   the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant.
associates would result in the shares issued and to be issued in
respect of all share options and awarded shares granted (excluding
any share options or awarded shares lapsed in accordance with the
terms of Scheme E or any other share scheme(s) of the Company) to
such person in the 12-month period up to and including the date of
such grant representing in aggregate over 0.10% of the total issued
share capital of the Company as at Scheme E Amendment Date,
such grant of share options or awarded shares must be approved by
the shareholders in general meeting with such share option grantee,
his/her associates and all core connected persons of the Company
abstaining from voting at such general meeting. Without prejudice to
the above, where any grant of share options or awarded shares to an
Independent Non-executive Director or a substantial shareholder of
the Company, or any of their respective associates, would result in
the shares issued and to be issued in respect of all share options and
awarded shares granted (excluding any share options or awarded
shares lapsed in accordance with the terms of Scheme E or any other
share scheme(s) of the Company) to such person in the 12-month
period up to and including the date of such grant representing
in aggregate over 0.10% of the total issued share capital of
the Company as at Scheme E Amendment Date, such grant of share
options or awarded shares must be approved by the shareholders in
general meeting with such share option grantee, his/her associates
and all core connected persons of the Company abstaining from
voting at such general meeting. The total issued share capital of
the Company as at Scheme E Amendment Date was 1,834,797,941
shares.




84    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




The following tables disclose movements in the Company’s share
options during the year:
                                              Share
                                 Date of     option Outstanding    Granted    Exercised    Lapsed    Outstanding
                           share options    scheme at beginning      during      during     during      at end of Subscription
Share option holders             granted   category  of the year   the year    the year   the year       the year        price             Exercise period
                                                                                                                          HK$
Directors
Mr Horst Julius Pudwill     22.12.2020           E       23,500          –           –          –        23,500       105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(4)
                            30.12.2021           E       32,000          –           –          –        32,000       154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(4)
                              22.8.2023          E            –    750,000           –          –       750,000        81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(5)

Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill      20.3.2014          D      750,000          –           –          –       750,000        21.600     20.3.2015 – 19.3.2024(4)
                              11.9.2015          D      250,000          –           –          –       250,000        29.650     11.9.2016 – 10.9.2025(4)
                              17.3.2017          D      500,000          –           –          –       500,000        32.100     17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027(4)
                              14.3.2018          E      250,000          –           –          –       250,000        47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028(4)
                              20.5.2019          E      500,000          –           –          –       500,000        51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029(4)
                              15.5.2020          E      500,000          –           –          –       500,000        65.250     15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030(7)
                            22.12.2020           E    2,000,000          –           –          –      2,000,000      105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(8)
                            30.12.2021           E    1,000,000          –           –          –      1,000,000      154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(6)
                              22.8.2023          E            –    500,000           –          –       500,000        81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(7)

Mr Joseph Galli Jr            22.8.2023          E            –    750,000           –          –       750,000        81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(5)

Mr Kin Wah Chan               17.3.2017          D      200,000          –           –          –       200,000        32.100     17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027(4)
                              14.3.2018          E      250,000          –           –          –       250,000        47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028(4)
                              20.5.2019          E      500,000          –           –          –       500,000        51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029(4)
                              15.5.2020          E      500,000          –           –          –       500,000        65.250     15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030(7)
                            22.12.2020           E    2,000,000          –           –          –      2,000,000      105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(8)
                            30.12.2021           E    1,000,000          –           –          –      1,000,000      154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(6)
                              22.8.2023          E            –    500,000           –          –       500,000        81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(7)

Mr Chi Chung Chan             17.3.2017          D      500,000          –           –          –       500,000        32.100     17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027(4)
                              14.3.2018          E      250,000          –           –          –       250,000        47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028(4)
                              20.5.2019          E      500,000          –           –          –       500,000        51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029(4)
                              15.5.2020          E      500,000          –           –          –       500,000        65.250     15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030(7)
                            22.12.2020           E    2,000,000          –           –          –      2,000,000      105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(8)
                            30.12.2021           E    1,000,000          –           –          –      1,000,000      154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(6)
                              22.8.2023          E            –    500,000           –          –       500,000        81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(7)

Mr Camille Jojo               14.3.2018          E       50,000          –           –          –        50,000        47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028(4)
                              20.5.2019          E       97,000          –           –          –        97,000        51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029(4)
                            22.12.2020           E       47,000          –           –          –        47,000       105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(4)
                            30.12.2021           E       32,000          –           –          –        32,000       154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(4)
                              22.8.2023          E            –     60,000           –          –        60,000        81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)




                                                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023           85
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Share Options (continued)
                                                        Share
                                           Date of     option Outstanding      Granted    Exercised    Lapsed    Outstanding
                                     share options    scheme at beginning        during      during     during      at end of Subscription
Share option holders                       granted   category  of the year     the year    the year   the year       the year        price             Exercise period
                                                                                                                                      HK$
Directors (continued)
Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP      17.3.2017          D      150,000            –           –          –       150,000        32.100     17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027(4)
                                        14.3.2018          E      100,000            –           –          –       100,000        47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028(4)
                                        20.5.2019          E       97,000            –           –          –        97,000        51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029(4)
                                      22.12.2020           E       47,000            –           –          –        47,000       105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(4)
                                      30.12.2021           E       32,000            –           –          –        32,000       154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(4)
                                        22.8.2023          E            –       60,000           –          –        60,000        81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)

Mr Peter David Sullivan               22.12.2020           E       47,000            –           –          –        47,000       105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(4)
                                      30.12.2021           E       32,000            –           –          –        32,000       154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(4)
                                        22.8.2023          E            –       60,000           –          –        60,000        81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)

Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse               19.6.2017          E      135,000            –           –          –       135,000        36.300     19.6.2018 – 18.6.2027(4)
                                        14.3.2018          E      100,000            –           –          –       100,000        47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028(4)
                                        20.5.2019          E       97,000            –           –          –        97,000        51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029(4)
                                      22.12.2020           E       47,000            –           –          –        47,000       105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(4)
                                      30.12.2021           E       32,000            –           –          –        32,000       154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(4)
                                        22.8.2023          E            –       60,000           –          –        60,000        81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)

Mr Robert Hinman Getz                   15.5.2020          E       75,000            –           –          –        75,000        65.250     15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030(5)
                                      22.12.2020           E       47,000            –           –          –        47,000       105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(4)
                                      30.12.2021           E       32,000            –           –          –        32,000       154.900    30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031(4)
                                        22.8.2023          E            –       60,000           –          –        60,000        81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)

Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding            19.8.2021          E       29,500            –           –          –        29,500       167.200     19.8.2022 – 18.8.2031(4)
                                        22.8.2023          E            –       60,000           –          –        60,000        81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)

Ms Caroline Christina Kracht            22.8.2023          E            –       60,000           –          –        60,000        81.050     22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033(3)
Total for directors                                            16,331,000    3,420,000           –          – 19,751,000
Employees                               17.3.2017          D       70,000            –     (20,000)         –        50,000        32.100     17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027(4)
                                        19.6.2017          E      100,000            –    (100,000)         –             –        36.300     19.6.2018 – 18.6.2027(4)
                                        14.3.2018          E      150,000            –           –          –       150,000        47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028(4)
                                        20.5.2019          E      194,000            –           –          –       194,000        51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029(4)
                                      22.12.2020           E       94,000            –           –          –        94,000       105.500    22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030(4)
                                      22.11.2023           E            –      250,000           –          –       250,000        81.480    22.11.2024 – 21.11.2033(4)
Total for employees                                              608,000      250,000     (120,000)         –      738,000
Total for all categories                                       16,939,000    3,670,000    (120,000)         – 20,489,000




86       Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




(1)   The number of shares that may be issued in respect of share options granted       (14) The weighted average closing prices of the Company’s shares immediately
      under Scheme D is 117,281,565, representing approximately 6.39% of the                 before various dates during 2023 and 2022 on which the share options was
      issued shares of the Company as at December 31, 2023. The total number                 exercised were HK$81.33 (2022: HK$87.98) respectively.
      of shares available for issue in respect of which share options may be granted    (15) The fair value of the share options granted in 2023 measured at various
      under Scheme D is 150,505,065 shares, which represented approximately                  dates on which the share options were granted was ranged from HK$23.12
      8.20% of the issued shares of the Company as at December 31, 2023.                     to HK$23.15. The weighted average fair value of the share options granted in
(2)   Since the adoption of Scheme E on May 19, 2017, no share options was                   2023 was HK$23.12 per option.
      granted to any service provider of the Company and therefore the number of
      shares that may be issued to service providers remained at 18,347,979 shares
                                                                                        Save as disclosed above, no other person was granted share options
      throughout the year. The number of shares that may be issued in respect of
      share options and awarded shares granted under Scheme E and the 2018              for the year ended December 31, 2023.
      Share Award Scheme is 163,085,794, representing approximately 8.89% of
      the issued shares of the Company as at December 31, 2023. The total number        Arrangements to Purchase Shares or
      of shares available for issue in respect of which share options may be granted    Debentures
      under Scheme E are 183,479,794 shares, which represented (i) approximately
                                                                                        Other than as disclosed above and for satisfying the awarded shares
      10.00% of the issued shares of the Company as at December 31, 2023; and
      (ii) approximately 10.01% of the issued shares of the Company as at the date      granted under the Company’s share award scheme (details of which
      of this Annual Report. The number of share options available for grant under      are set out in this Annual Report), at no time during the year was
      Scheme E (i) at the beginning of the year was 168,012,694; and (ii) under the     the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements
      approved scheme mandate at the end of the year was 183,479,794 pursuant           to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means
      to the amended and restated rules of Scheme E.
                                                                                        of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any
(3)   100% of the share options granted be vested on the 1st anniversary of the date
                                                                                        other body corporate and neither the directors or the chief executive,
      of grant.
                                                                                        nor any of their spouses or children under the age of 18, had any
(4)   50% of the share options granted be vested on the 1st anniversary of the date
      of grant and the remaining 50% be vested on the 2nd anniversary of the date of
                                                                                        right to subscribe for the securities of the Company, or had exercised
      grant.                                                                            any such right.
(5)   three equal batches of share options be vested on 1st anniversary,
      2nd anniversary and 3rd anniversary of the date of grant respectively.            Director’s Interests in Transactions,
(6)   33.00%, 33.00% and 34.00% be vested on the 1st anniversary,                       Arrangements and Contracts of Significance
      2nd anniversary and 3rd anniversary of the date of grant respectively.            No transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance, to
(7)   33.20%, 33.40% and 33.40% be vested on the 1st anniversary,                       which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, was a party and in
      2nd anniversary and 3rd anniversary of the date of grant respectively.            which a director or a connected entity of a director of the Company
(8)   33.30%, 33.30% and 33.40% be vested on the 1st anniversary,                       had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the
      2nd anniversary and 3rd anniversary of the date of grant respectively.            end of the year or at any time during the year.
(9)   The Company had 20,489,000 shares options outstanding, which represented
      approximately 1.12% of the issued shares of the Company as at December 31,
                                                                                        Directors’ Indemnities
      2023. 3,670,000 share options were granted during the year. No share option
      was cancelled or lapsed during the year. None of the grants of share options to   Pursuant to the Articles, every director of the Company shall
      any participants is in excess of the 1% individual limit.                         be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets and profits of
(10) The group recognized a total expenses of US$8,829,000 (2022:                       the Company against all losses or liabilities (to the fullest extent
     US$15,366,000) for the year ended December 31, 2023 in relation to share           permitted by the Companies Ordinance) which he/she may sustain
     options granted by the Company.                                                    or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her office.
(11) The number of shares that may be issued in respect of share awards granted         The Company has arranged appropriate directors’ and officers’
     under 2018 Share Award Scheme (details are set out in the Corporate                liability insurance coverage for the directors and officers of the
     Governance Report) and share options granted under Scheme E during the
                                                                                        Company.
     year divided by the weighted average number of shares in issue for the year is
     0.28%.
(12) The weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares immediately
     before the various dates on which the share options were granted during 2023
     was HK$78.81.
(13) The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the various
     dates on which the share options were granted ranged from HK$78.60 to
     HK$81.75 in 2023.




                                                                                                                  Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023             87
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Management Contracts                                                      Substantial Shareholders’ Interests
No contracts concerning the management and administration of              As at December 31, 2023, the interests and short positions of
the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Group were       the following persons, other than directors and chief executive of
entered into or existed during the year.                                  the Company, in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of
                                                                          the Company which have been disclosed to the Company pursuant
Equity-linked Agreements                                                  to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO have been recorded in the
Other than as disclosed above and for satisfying the awarded shares       register kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:
granted under the Company’s share award schemes (details of which
are set out in the Corporate Governance Report), the Group has not
entered into any equity-linked agreements during the year.
                                                                                                                      Approximate aggregate
Name                                                                   Total interests in shares     (L/S/LP)*        percentage of interests
JPMorgan Chase & Co.(1)                                                           182,415,282              (L)                         9.94%
                                                                                     4,564,654             (S)                         0.25%
                                                                                  111,491,009             (LP)                         6.08%
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation(2)                                         91,822,534              (L)                         5.01%
                                                                                   35,813,385              (S)                         1.95%
                                                                                   53,690,030             (LP)                         2.93%
The Capital Group Companies, Inc.         (3)
                                                                                  147,533,933              (L)                         8.04%

*    (L/S/LP) represents (Long position/Short position/Lending pool)




88     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                         REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Notes:
(1)   The following is a breakdown of the interests in shares in the Company held by
      JPMorgan Chase & Co.:

                                                                                                                 Total interests in shares

                                                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                             Direct                      Deemed                     percentage of
      Name                                                                  Remarks       interests   (L/S/LP)*         interests       (L/S/LP)*        interests

      JPMorgan Chase & Co.                                                      (1a)             –          –       182,415,282               (L)          9.94%
                                                                                                 –          –         4,564,654               (S)          0.25%
                                                                                                 –          –       111,491,009              (LP)          6.08%
      JPMorgan Asset Management (Taiwan) Limited                                (1b)      220,500          (L)                  –              –           0.01%
      55I, LLC                                                                  (1b)          825          (L)                  –              –           0.00%
      J.P. Morgan SE                                                            (1b)       12,500          (L)                  –              –           0.00%
      J.P. Morgan Securities LLC                                                (1b)     2,126,903         (L)                  –              –           0.12%
                                                                                          282,000          (S)                  –              –           0.02%
      JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. – LONDON BRANCH                                 (1b)   111,491,009         (L)                  –              –           6.08%
      JPMORGAN ASSET MANAGEMENT (UK) LIMITED                                    (1b)     5,649,500         (L)                  –              –           0.31%
      J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc.                                    (1b)    47,239,861         (L)                  –              –           2.58%
      J.P. Morgan Prime Inc.                                                    (1b)         7,500         (L)                  –              –           0.00%
      JPMorgan Asset Management (Japan) Limited                                 (1b)      143,200          (L)                  –              –           0.01%
      J.P. Morgan Trust Company of Delaware                                     (1b)       66,775          (L)                  –              –           0.00%
      JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association                                 (1b)     5,208,916         (L)                  –              –           0.28%
                                                                                           56,140          (S)                  –              –           0.00%
      JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited                          (1b)     4,685,000         (L)                  –              –           0.26%
      J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC                                                (1b)     5,529,978         (L)                  –              –           0.30%
                                                                                         4,226,514         (S)                  –              –           0.23%
      J.P. Morgan Private Wealth Advisors LLC                                   (1b)       32,815          (L)                  –              –           0.00%
      JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia) Inc.                                     (1b)             –          –         5,048,700               (L)          0.28%
      JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc.                                   (1b)             –          –        57,938,886               (L)          3.16%
      JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC                                               (1b)             –          –        60,172,879               (L)          3.28%
                                                                                                 –          –           282,000               (S)          0.02%
      55 Institutional Partners, LLC                                            (1b)             –          –                825              (L)          0.00%
      J.P. Morgan International Finance Limited                                 (1b)             –          –         5,542,478               (L)          0.30%
                                                                                                 –          –         4,226,514               (S)          0.23%
      JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association                                 (1b)             –          –       117,033,487               (L)          6.38%
                                                                                                 –          –         4,226,514               (S)          0.23%
      J.P. Morgan Broker-Dealer Holdings Inc.                                   (1b)             –          –         2,134,403               (L)          0.12%
                                                                                                 –          –           282,000               (S)          0.02%
      JPMORGAN ASSET MANAGEMENT INTERNATIONAL LIMITED                           (1b)             –          –         5,649,500               (L)          0.31%
      J.P. Morgan Securities LLC                                                (1b)             –          –              7,500              (L)          0.00%
      J.P. MORGAN CAPITAL HOLDINGS LIMITED                                      (1b)             –          –         5,529,978               (L)          0.30%
                                                                                                 –          –         4,226,514               (S)          0.23%




                                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023       89
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Substantial Shareholders’ Interests (continued)
      Remarks:
      (1a) JPMorgan Chase & Co. is listed on New York Stock Exchange. The                         JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited, J.P. MORGAN
           capacity of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in holding the 182,415,282 shares                     SECURITIES PLC, J.P. Morgan Private Wealth Advisors LLC, JPMorgan
           of long position, 4,564,654 shares of short position and 111,491,009                   Asset Management (Asia) Inc., JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings
           shares of lending pool respectively was as controlled corporation.                     Inc., JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, 55 Institutional Partners, LLC, J.P.
                                                                                                  Morgan International Finance Limited, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National
      (1b) JPMorgan Asset Management (Taiwan) Limited, 55I, LLC, J.P. Morgan
                                                                                                  Association, J.P. Morgan Broker-Dealer Holdings Inc., JPMORGAN
           SE, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. -
                                                                                                  ASSET MANAGEMENT INTERNATIONAL LIMITED, J.P. Morgan
           LONDON BRANCH, JPMORGAN ASSET MANAGEMENT (UK) LIMITED,
                                                                                                  Securities LLC and J.P. MORGAN CAPITAL HOLDINGS LIMITED were
           J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc., J.P. Morgan Prime Inc.,
                                                                                                  all directly or indirectly owned by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and by virtue
           JPMorgan Asset Management (Japan) Limited, J.P. Morgan Trust
                                                                                                  of the SFO, JPMorgan Chase & Co. was deemed to be interested in the
           Company of Delaware, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association,
                                                                                                  shares held by these subsidiaries.

(2)   The following is a breakdown of the interest in shares in the Company held by
      The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation:

                                                                                                                    Total interests in shares

                                                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                             Direct                         Deemed                        percentage of
      Name                                                                  Remarks       interests      (L/S/LP)*         interests       (L/S/LP)*           interests

      The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation                                    (2a)            –              –       91,822,534               (L)             5.01%
                                                                                                 –              –       35,813,385               (S)             1.95%
                                                                                                 –              –       53,690,030              (LP)             2.93%
      The Bank of New York Mellon                                               (2b)    91,765,694            (L)                  –              –              5.00%
                                                                                        35,813,385            (S)                  –              –              1.95%
      BNY Mellon, National Association                                          (2b)       56,415             (L)                  –              –              0.00%
      B.N.Y. Holdings (Delaware) Corporation                                    (2b)             –              –               425              (L)             0.00%
      BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware                                              (2b)          425             (L)                  –              –              0.00%


      Remarks:
      (2a) The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is listed on New York Stock
           Exchange. The capacity of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation in
           holding the 91,822,534 shares of long position, 35,813,385 shares of
           short position and 53,690,030 shares of lending pool respectively was as
           controlling corporation.
      (2b) The Bank of New York Mellon, BNY Mellon, National Association, B.N.Y.
           Holdings (Delaware) Corporation and BNY Mellon Trust of Delaware
           were all directly or indirectly owned by The Bank of New York Mellon
           Corporation and by virtue of the SFO, The Bank of New York Mellon
           Corporation was deemed to be interested in the shares held by these
           subsidiaries.




90      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




(3)   The following is a breakdown of the interest in shares in the Company held by
      The Capital Group Companies, Inc.:

                                                                                                                  Total interests in shares

                                                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                              Direct                      Deemed                     percentage of
      Name                                                                  Remarks        interests   (L/S/LP)*         interests       (L/S/LP)*        interests

      The Capital Group Companies, Inc.                                          (3a)             –          –       147,533,933              (L)           8.04%
      Capital Research and Management Company                                    (3b)   144,937,933         (L)                  –             –            7.90%
                                                                                                  –          –         2,596,000              (L)           0.14%
      Capital Group International, Inc.                                          (3b)             –          –         2,596,000              (L)           0.14%
      Capital International Limited                                              (3b)      312,500          (L)                  –             –            0.02%
      Capital International Sarl                                                 (3b)      490,500          (L)                  –             –            0.03%
      Capital International, Inc.                                                (3b)     1,743,000         (L)                  –             –            0.10%
      Capital Group Investment Management Private Limited                        (3b)       50,000          (L)                  –             –            0.00%


      Remarks:
      (3a) The capacity of The Capital Group Companies, Inc. in holding the
           147,533,933 shares of long position was as controlled corporation.
      (3b) Capital Research and Management Company, Capital Group
           International, Inc., Capital International Limited, Capital International
           Sarl, Capital International, Inc. and Capital Group Investment
           Management Private Limited were all directly or indirectly owned by The
           Capital Group Companies, Inc. and by virtue of the SFO, The Capital
           Group Companies, Inc. was deemed to be interested in the shares held
           by these subsidiaries.


Save as disclosed above, no other person was interested in or had
a short position in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of
the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
Divisions 2 and 3 of the Part XV of the SFO as at December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                                  Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023       91
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




Dividend Policy                                                            Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”)
Stable dividend payment to shareholders of the Company is our              The Company has adopted the latest ESG reporting guidelines
primary objective. The Board determines the interim dividend and           issued by the Stock Exchange. The ESG Report together with this
recommends the final dividend which requires the approval of               annual report will be published on the Company’s website
shareholders of the Company. In proposing any dividend payout,             (www.ttigroup.com) and the Stock Exchange’s website
the Board of Directors shall take into account, inter alia, the Group’s    (www.hkexnews.hk) in due course in compliance with the ESG
operations, earnings, financial condition, cash availability, capital      reporting guidelines as set out in Appendix C2 (formerly known as
expenditure and future development requirements and other factors          Appendix 27) to the Listing Rules.
that may deem relevant at such time. Any payment of the dividend by
the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies        Sufficiency of Public Float
Ordinance and the Articles.                                                The Company has maintained a sufficient public float throughout the
                                                                           year ended December 31, 2023.
Connected Transactions
On December 22, 2023, 1,000,000 shares in the Company have                 Donations
been granted as awarded shares under the share award scheme of             During the year, the Group made charitable and other donations
the Company to Chief Executive Officer, Mr Joseph Galli Jr, who is a       totalling US$1,074,000.
connected person of the Company as defined under the Listing Rules
and therefore constituted a connected transaction of the Company           Auditor
when aggregated with the grant of award of 1,000,000 Shares to             A resolution will be submitted to the Annual General Meeting to
him on December 30, 2022 and the grant of 750,000 share options            re-appoint Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of
to him on August 22, 2023. The awarded shares are to be vested             the Company.
on the 1st anniversary of the date of grant subject to performance
criteria. Details of such grant and the vesting terms are set out in the
Corporate Governance Report and the Company’s announcement
dated December 22, 2023. Such grant serves as a recognition
and reward of Mr Galli’s contributions to the Company’s continuing
operation and development. No consideration are required for such          Horst Julius Pudwill
grant and upon acceptance of the awarded shares, no payment is             Chairman
required.
                                                                           Hong Kong
The Company has complied with the relevant requirements under              March 6, 2024
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for the above grants of awarded
shares to connected persons of the Company.




92    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
Independent Auditor’s Report


TO THE MEMBERS OF TECHTRONIC INDUSTRIES COMPANY LIMITED
創科實業有限公司
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Techtronic Industries Company Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 96 to 193, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at
December 31, 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in
equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material
accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at December
31, 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong
Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been
properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our
report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), and we
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023      93
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole,
and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


Key Audit Matter                                                            How our Audit Addressed the Key Audit Matter
RECOGNITION OF INCOME AND DEFERRED TAX
We identified the recognition of income and deferred tax as a key           Our procedures in relation to management’s assessment about the
audit matter as the Group operates in a complex multinational tax           recognition of income and deferred tax included:
environment, in which the tax amounts, including provisions for
                                                                            •   Understanding and evaluating the management’s processes
potential tax exposures and, the recognition of the deferred tax, are
                                                                                and relevant controls regarding the estimation of the amount of
associated with a high degree of estimation and judgement.
                                                                                income tax and deferred tax to be recognized;
As disclosed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, as
                                                                            •   Understanding and evaluating management’s judgements
at December 31, 2023, the Group has recognized US$79 million of
                                                                                and assumptions pertaining to uncertain tax matters, we
income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.
                                                                                considered the status of the relevant tax authority inquiries,
                                                                                judgmental positions taken in the tax returns, the outcome of
                                                                                previous inquiries by tax authorities and developments in the tax
                                                                                environment;

                                                                            •   Involving our tax specialists to evaluate and challenge the
                                                                                adequacy of management’s key assumptions and read the latest
                                                                                correspondence with the tax authorities to assess management’s
                                                                                estimates; and

                                                                            •   Evaluating management’s assessment supporting the recognition
                                                                                of deferred tax.


Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual
report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance
conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider
whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial
Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors
determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to
liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




94    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance
with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but
is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.
We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and
    perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
    opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
    involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
    circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by
    the directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained,
    whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as
    a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
    disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based
    on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to
    continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the
    consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to
    express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group
    audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence,
and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the
public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Mr. Stephen David Smart.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong
March 6, 2024




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023       95
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended December 31, 2023

                                                                                                            2023          2022
                                                                                                Notes     US$’000       US$’000

Revenue                                                                                          6      13,731,411    13,253,917
Cost of sales                                                                                           (8,311,775)   (8,041,340)

Gross profit                                                                                             5,419,636     5,212,577
Other income                                                                                     7         16,820        13,517
Interest income                                                                                  8         44,956        25,852
Selling, distribution and advertising expenses                                                          (2,347,219)   (2,191,001)
Administrative expenses                                                                                 (1,406,210)   (1,349,840)
Research and development costs                                                                            (548,338)     (484,343)
Finance costs                                                                                    9        (124,056)      (69,868)

Profit before share of result of an associate and taxation                                               1,055,589     1,156,894
  Share of result of an associate                                                                              27              3

Profit before taxation                                                                                   1,055,616     1,156,897
Taxation charge                                                                                  10        (79,276)      (79,747)

Profit for the year attributable to Owners of the Company                                        11       976,340      1,077,150

Other comprehensive (loss) income:
Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, net of related income tax:
  Remeasurement of defined benefit obligations                                                                 (38)      19,376
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, net of related income tax:
  Fair value loss on foreign currency forward contracts and cross-currency interest rate
    swaps in hedge accounting                                                                              (18,553)      (63,367)
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                                (18,383)     (128,382)

Other comprehensive loss for the year                                                                      (36,974)     (172,373)

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to Owners of the Company                             939,366       904,777

Earnings per share (US cents)                                                                    15
  Basic                                                                                                      53.36         58.86

  Diluted                                                                                                    53.17         58.67




96     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at December 31, 2023




                                                                           2023                 2022
                                                          Notes          US$’000              US$’000

Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                            16          2,310,537            2,085,871
  Right of use assets                                      17             866,009             683,289
  Goodwill                                                 18             604,297             598,674
  Intangible assets                                        19          1,298,419            1,124,013
  Interest in an associate                                 21               2,056                2,029
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    22               8,732                9,744
  Deposits                                                                112,000             177,300
  Finance lease receivables                                23               5,781                8,487
  Derivative financial instruments                         29               8,084                8,002
  Deferred tax assets                                      42              63,354              81,082

                                                                       5,279,269            4,778,491

Current assets
  Inventories                                              24          4,098,161            5,084,951
  Right to returned goods asset                            25               8,734              10,563
  Trade and other receivables                              26          1,811,592            1,639,563
  Deposits and prepayments                                                187,349             232,127
  Bills receivable                                         27               8,423                6,887
  Finance lease receivables                                23               2,706                2,589
  Tax recoverable                                                           5,013              36,231
  Trade receivables from an associate                      28               6,927                5,026
  Derivative financial instruments                         29              14,455              76,774
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    22              26,114              13,466
  Bank balances, deposits and cash                         30             953,240           1,428,930

                                                                       7,122,714            8,537,107

Current liabilities
  Trade and other payables                                 31          3,373,231            3,777,427
  Bills payable                                            32              18,424              20,267
  Warranty provision                                       33             235,597             205,350
  Tax payable                                                              47,558              56,750
  Derivative financial instruments                         29              16,062              50,474
  Lease liabilities                                        34             153,523             139,520
  Discounted bills with recourse                           35               2,708                2,003
  Unsecured borrowings – due within one year               38             920,151           1,952,947
  Refund liabilities from right of return                  25              16,215              17,577

                                                                       4,783,469            6,222,315

Net current assets                                                     2,339,245            2,314,792

Total assets less current liabilities                                  7,618,514            7,093,283




                                                          Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   97
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION         As at December 31, 2023




                                                                                                               2023                2022
                                                                                              Notes          US$’000             US$’000

Capital and Reserves
  Share capital                                                                                39             685,392             684,710
  Reserves                                                                                                  5,062,158           4,520,771

Equity attributable to Owners of the Company and total equity                                               5,747,550           5,205,481

Non-current Liabilities
  Lease liabilities                                                                            34             734,369             565,561
  Unsecured borrowings – due after one year                                                    38           1,030,971           1,198,002
  Retirement benefit obligations                                                               41              47,825              47,671
  Other payables                                                                               31              31,530              60,346
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     42              26,269              16,222

                                                                                                            1,870,964           1,887,802

Total equity and non-current liabilities                                                                    7,618,514           7,093,283

The consolidated financial statements on pages 96 to 193 were approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on March 6, 2024
and are signed on its behalf by:




                                           Chi Chung Chan                          Stephan Horst Pudwill
                                    Group Executive Director                           Vice Chairman




98     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended December 31, 2023



                                                                              Shares                      Employee     Defined benefit
                                                                             held for                   share-based        obligations
                                                                Share    share award    Translation   compensation     remeasurement      Hedging     Retained
                                                               capital       scheme         reserve          reserve           reserve     reserve      profits       Total
                                                             US$’000       US$’000        US$’000         US$’000            US$’000     US$’000      US$’000      US$’000

At January 1, 2022                                           683,395       (105,740)      (103,714)         31,341            (11,781)     81,900    4,147,117    4,722,518
Profit for the year                                                 –              –             –                –                 –           –    1,077,150    1,077,150
Remeasurement of defined benefit obligations                        –              –             –                –            22,007           –            –       22,007
Fair value loss on foreign currency forward contracts and
  cross-currency interest rate swaps in hedge accounting            –              –             –                –                 –     (63,671)           –      (63,671)
Deferred tax liability on remeasurement of defined benefit
 obligations                                                        –              –             –                –            (2,631)          –            –       (2,631)
Deferred tax asset on hedging reserve                               –              –             –                –                 –         304            –          304
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations           –              –      (128,382)               –                 –           –            –     (128,382)

Other comprehensive (loss) income for the year                      –              –      (128,382)               –            19,376     (63,367)           –     (172,373)

Total comprehensive (loss) income for the year                      –              –      (128,382)               –            19,376     (63,367)   1,077,150      904,777

Shares issued on exercise of options                            1,315              –             –             (258)                –           –            –        1,057
Vesting of awarded shares                                           –        21,651              –          (21,651)                –           –            –            –
Shares for share award scheme                                       –         (9,796)            –                –                 –           –            –       (9,796)
Recognition of share-based payments                                 –              –             –          47,346                  –           –            –       47,346
Final dividend – 2021                                               –              –             –                –                 –           –     (236,104)    (236,104)
Interim dividend – 2022                                             –              –             –                –                 –           –     (224,317)    (224,317)

At December 31, 2022                                         684,710         (93,885)     (232,096)         56,778              7,595      18,533    4,763,846    5,205,481

Profit for the year                                                 –              –             –                –                 –           –     976,340      976,340
Remeasurement of defined benefit obligations                        –              –             –                –              162            –            –         162
Fair value loss on foreign currency forward contracts and
  cross-currency interest rate swaps in hedge accounting            –              –             –                –                 –    (19,208)            –      (19,208)
Deferred tax liability on remeasurement of defined benefit
 obligations                                                        –              –             –                –              (200)          –            –         (200)
Deferred tax asset on hedging reserve                               –              –             –                –                 –        655             –         655
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations           –              –      (18,383)                –                 –           –            –      (18,383)

Other comprehensive loss for the year                               –              –      (18,383)                –               (38)   (18,553)            –      (36,974)

Total comprehensive (loss) income for the year                      –              –      (18,383)                –               (38)   (18,553)     976,340      939,366

Shares issued on exercise of options                             682               –             –            (132)                 –           –            –         550
Buy-back and cancellation of shares                                 –              –             –                –                 –           –       (4,408)      (4,408)
Vesting of awarded shares                                           –        23,479              –         (23,479)                 –           –            –            –
Shares for share award scheme                                       –        (3,525)             –                –                 –           –            –       (3,525)
Recognition of share-based payments                                 –              –             –          46,945                  –           –            –      46,945
Final dividend – 2022                                               –              –             –                –                 –           –     (212,525)    (212,525)
Interim dividend – 2023                                             –              –             –                –                 –           –     (224,334)    (224,334)

At December 31, 2023                                         685,392        (73,931)     (250,479)          80,112             7,557          (20)   5,298,919    5,747,550




                                                                                                                        Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023          99
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended December 31, 2023




                                                                                                           2023         2022
                                                                                                         US$’000      US$’000

Operating Activities
Profit before taxation                                                                                  1,055,616    1,156,897
Adjustments for:
  Amortization/write-off of intangible assets                                                            198,268      132,434
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                          269,041      240,428
  Depreciation of right of use assets                                                                    166,178      139,998
  Fair value loss (gain) on foreign currency forward contracts                                              8,968       (4,339)
  Fair value (gain) loss on acquisition right of certain property, plant and equipment                        (82)        300
  Fair value (gain) loss on listed equity securities                                                      (14,024)       2,806
  Fair value loss on unlisted equity securities                                                             1,000            –
  Finance costs                                                                                          124,056       69,868
  Gain on early termination of leases                                                                         (65)        (178)
  Gain on sale and leaseback transactions                                                                       –       (9,072)
  Impairment loss (reversal of impairment loss) on trade receivables under expected credit loss model       9,738      (12,268)
  Interest income                                                                                         (44,956)     (25,852)
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                       18,079       16,497
  Share-based payments expense                                                                            46,945       47,346
  Share of result of an associate                                                                             (27)          (3)
  Write down of inventories                                                                               24,247       61,611

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                                                1,862,982    1,816,473
Decrease (increase) in inventories                                                                       946,369      (361,235)
(Increase) decrease in trade and other receivables, deposits and prepayments                             (126,471)    119,405
Decrease (increase) in right to returned goods asset                                                        1,829         (871)
(Increase) decrease in bills receivable                                                                    (1,536)        756
(Increase) decrease in trade receivables from an associate                                                 (1,901)       1,574
Decrease in trade and other payables                                                                     (438,262)    (178,038)
Decrease in refund liabilities from right of return                                                        (1,362)      (5,190)
Decrease in bills payable                                                                                  (1,843)     (27,282)
Increase in warranty provision                                                                            29,034       26,195
Increase (decrease) in retirement benefit obligations                                                        316        (6,462)
Net payment for purchase of shares for share award scheme                                                  (3,525)      (9,796)

Cash generated from operations                                                                          2,265,630    1,375,529

Interest paid                                                                                            (124,056)     (69,868)
Hong Kong Profits Tax paid                                                                                 (3,188)      (1,904)
Overseas tax paid                                                                                         (55,569)     (73,527)
Hong Kong Profits Tax refunded                                                                            14,573           41
Overseas tax refunded                                                                                       6,485        2,832

Net Cash from Operating Activities                                                                      2,103,875    1,233,103




100    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS   For the year ended December 31, 2023




                                                                                                      2023                  2022
                                                                                     Notes          US$’000               US$’000

Investing Activities
Acquisition of a subsidiary                                                           43               (4,524)             (37,060)
Additions to intangible assets                                                                      (372,588)            (404,876)
Interest received                                                                                     44,956               25,852
(Payment for) Proceeds from early termination of leases                                                  (435)                    6
Proceeds from disposal of listed equity securities                                                      1,376                     –
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                               51,417                 3,643
Proceeds from sale and leaseback transactions                                                                –             78,572
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                           (501,573)            (580,990)
Purchase of unlisted equity securities                                                                       –              (4,800)
Repayment in finance lease receivables                                                                  2,589                   423

Net Cash used in Investing Activities                                                               (778,782)            (919,230)

Financing Activities
Increase in discounted bills with recourse                                                                705                   146
Dividends paid                                                                        14            (436,859)            (460,421)
New unsecured borrowings obtained                                                                 5,597,039             4,839,103
Proceeds from issue of shares                                                                             550                1,057
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                      (159,919)            (137,333)
Repayment of unsecured borrowings                                                                 (6,798,749)          (4,955,291)
Payment on repurchase and cancellation of shares                                                       (4,408)                    –

Net Cash used in Financing Activities                                                             (1,801,641)            (712,739)

Net Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                           (476,548)            (398,866)

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of the Year                                                1,428,930             1,874,401
Effect of Foreign Exchange Rate Changes                                                                   858              (46,605)

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of the Year                                                         953,240            1,428,930

Analysis of the Balances of Cash and Cash Equivalents
Represented by:
  Bank balances, deposits and cash                                                                   953,240            1,428,930

                                                                                                     953,240            1,428,930




                                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023    101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended December 31, 2023




1. General Information
      Techtronic Industries Company Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in Hong Kong and its shares are
      listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The address of the registered office and principal place of
      business of the Company is 29/F, Tower 2, Kowloon Commerce Centre, 51 Kwai Cheong Road, Kwai Chung, New Territories, Hong Kong.

      The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) are the manufacturing and trading of electrical and electronic
      products.

      The consolidated financial statements are presented in United States dollars (“US$”), which is also the functional currency of the
      Company.

2. Application of New and Amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
   (“HKFRSs”) and Changes in Other Accounting Policies
      New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
      In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
      Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning on January 1,
      2023 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

      HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020 and February 2022                  Insurance Contracts
       Amendments to HKFRS 17)
      Amendments to HKAS 8                                                    Definition of Accounting Estimates
      Amendments to HKAS 12                                                   Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                                                from a Single Transaction
      Amendments to HKAS 12                                                   International Tax Reform-Pillar Two Model Rules
      Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2                     Disclosure of Accounting Policies

      Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on
      the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated
      financial statements.

      2.1 Impacts on application of HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020 and February 2022
          Amendments) Insurance Contracts
            The Group has applied the new standard and the relevant amendments for the first time in the current year.

            HKFRS 17 establishes the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts and
            supersedes HKFRS 4 Insurance Contracts.

            HKFRS 17 defines an insurance contract as a contract under which the Group accepts significant insurance risk from another party
            (the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder if a specified uncertain future event (the insured event) adversely
            affects the policyholder.

            In October 2020, the HKICPA issued Amendments to HKFRS 17 to address concerns and implementation challenges that were
            identified after HKFRS 17 was published. The amendments defer the date of initial application of HKFRS 17 (incorporating
            the amendments) to annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. At the same time, the HKICPA issued
            Amendments to HKFRS 4 Extension of the Temporary Exemption from HKFRS 9 that extends the fixed expiry date of the temporary
            exemption from applying HKFRS 9 in HKFRS 4 to annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023.

            In February 2022, the HKICPA issued Amendment to HKFRS 17 Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 – Comparative
            Information to address implementation challenges that were identified after HKFRS 17 was published. The amendment addresses
            challenges in the presentation of comparative information.

            Certain contracts entered into by the Group meet the definition of insurance contracts under HKFRS 17. However, these contracts
            are specifically scoped out from HKFRS 17 and the Group continues to account for these contracts under relevant accounting
            standards. Therefore, the application of HKFRS 17 in the current year had no material impact on the consolidated financial
            statements.




102   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For the year ended December 31, 2023




2. Application of New and Amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
   (“HKFRSs”) and Changes in Other Accounting Policies (continued)
   2.2 Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 8 Definition of Accounting Estimates
       The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments define accounting estimates as
       “monetary amounts in financial statements that are subject to measurement uncertainty”. An accounting policy may require items
       in financial statements to be measured in a way that involves measurement uncertainty. In such a case, an entity develops an
       accounting estimate to achieve the objective set out by the accounting policy. The amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction
       between changes in accounting estimates, and changes in accounting policies and the correction of errors.

       The application of the amendments in the current year had no material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

   2.3 Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and
       Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
       The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments narrow the scope of the recognition
       exemption of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets in paragraphs 15 and 24 of HKAS 12 Income Taxes so that it no longer
       applies to transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

       In accordance with the transition provision:

       (i)    the Group has applied the new accounting policy retrospectively to leasing transactions and provisions for decommissioning
              and restoration that occurred on or after January 1, 2022;

       (ii)   the Group also, as at January 1, 2022, recognized a deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will
              be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilized) and a deferred tax liability for all deductible and
              taxable temporary difference associated with right-of-use-assets and lease liabilities and decommissioning and restoration and
              the corresponding amounts recognized as part of the cost of the related asset.

       The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial position and performance.

   2.4 Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 12 Income Taxes International Tax Reform-
       Pillar Two model Rules
       The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. HKAS 12 is amended to add the exception to
       recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities that are related to tax law enacted or substantively
       enacted to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the
       “Pillar Two legislation”). The revised standard requires that entities apply the amendments both retrospectively and immediately
       upon issuance. The revised standard also requires entities to separately disclose its qualitative and quantitative exposure relative to
       the Pillar Two. This disclosure requirement is effective for Pillar Two legislation enacted or substantially enacted but not yet in effect
       in annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023.

       For group entities operating in jurisdictions where the Pillar Two legislation is enacted or substantially enacted but not yet in effect,
       the Group has applied the temporary exception upon issue of these amendments. The qualitative and quantitative information
       about the Group’s exposure to Pillar Two income taxes is set out in Note 10.

       The Group will disclose known or reasonably estimable information that helps users of financial statements to understand the
       Group’s exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements when the Pillar Two legislation
       is enacted or substantially enacted and will disclose separately current tax expense/income related to Pillar Two income taxes when
       it is in effect.




                                                                                                Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     103
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        For the year ended December 31, 2023




2. Application of New and Amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
   (“HKFRSs”) and Changes in Other Accounting Policies (continued)
      2.5 Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice Statement 2
          Disclosure of Accounting Policies
           The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements is
           amended to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies” with “material accounting policy information”.
           Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial
           statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements
           make on the basis of those financial statements.

           The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature of the related transactions,
           other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However, not all accounting policy information relating to material
           transactions, other events or conditions is itself material. If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information,
           such information must not obscure material accounting policy information.

           HKFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements (the “Practice Statement”) is also amended to illustrate how an entity
           applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy disclosures and to judge whether information about an accounting
           policy is material to its financial statements. Guidance and examples are added to the Practice Statement.

           The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance but has
           affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies set out in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

      2.6 Change in accounting policy as a result of application of the HKICPA guidance on the
          accounting implications of the abolition of the Mandatory Provident Fund (“MPF”) – Long
          Service Payment (“LSP”) offsetting mechanism in Hong Kong
           As disclosed in Note 41, the Company and several subsidiaries are operating in Hong Kong which are obliged to pay LSP to
           employees under certain circumstances. Meanwhile, the Group makes mandatory and voluntary MPF contributions to the trustee
           who administers the assets held in a trust solely for the retirement benefits of each individual employee. Offsetting of LSP against an
           employee’s accrued retirement benefits derived from employers’ MPF contributions was allowed under the Employment Ordinance
           (Cap.57). In June 2022, the Government of the HKSAR gazetted the Employment and Retirement Schemes Legislation (Offsetting
           Arrangement) (Amendment) Ordinance 2022 (the “Amendment Ordinance”) which abolishes the use of the accrued benefits
           derived from employers’ mandatory MPF contributions to offset severance payment and LSP (the “Abolition”). The Abolition will
           officially take effect on May 1, 2025 (the “Transition Date”). In addition, under the Amendment Ordinance, the last month’s salary
           immediately preceding the Transition Date (instead of the date of termination of employment) is used to calculate the portion of LSP
           in respect of the employment period before the Transition Date.

           In July 2023, the HKICPA published “Accounting implications of the abolition of the MPF-LSP offsetting mechanism in Hong
           Kong” which provides guidance for the accounting for the offsetting mechanism and the impact arising from abolition of the MPF-
           LSP offsetting mechanism in Hong Kong. In light of this, the Group has implemented the guidance published by the HKICPA in
           connection with the LSP obligation retrospectively so as to provide more reliable and more relevant information about the effects of
           the offsetting mechanism and the Abolition.

           The Group considered the accrued benefits arising from employer MPF contributions that have been vested with the employee and
           which could be used to offset the employee’s LSP benefits as a deemed contribution by the employee towards the LSP. Historically,
           the Group has been applying the practical expedient in paragraph 93(b) of HKAS 19 to account for the deemed employee
           contributions as a reduction of the service cost in the period in which the related service is rendered.

           Based on the HKICPA’s guidance, as a result of the Abolition, these contributions are no longer considered “linked solely to the
           employee’s service in that period” since the mandatory employer MPF contributions after the Transition Date can still be used to
           offset the pre-transition LSP obligation. Therefore, it would not be appropriate to view the contributions as “independent of the
           number of years of service” and the practical expedient in paragraph 93(b) of HKAS 19 is no longer applicable. Instead, these
           deemed contributions should be attributed to periods of service in the same manner as the gross LSP benefit applying paragraph
           93(a) of HKAS 19.

           The change in accounting policy in the current year had no material impact on the consolidated financial statements.




104   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                For the year ended December 31, 2023




2. Application of New and Amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
   (“HKFRSs”) and Changes in Other Accounting Policies (continued)
   Amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
   The Group has not early applied the following amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective:

   Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                                                Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                                       its Associate or Joint Venture1
   Amendment to HKFRS 16                                                             Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
   Amendments to HKAS 1                                                              Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                                                       related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)2
   Amendments to HKAS 1                                                              Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
   Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                                                  Supplier Finance Arrangements2
   Amendments to HKAS 21                                                             Lack of exchangeability3
   1
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
   2
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024.
   3
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025.


   The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the
   consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

   Amendments to HKRS 16 Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
   The amendments add subsequent measurement requirements for sale and leaseback transactions that satisfy the requirements of
   HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“HKFRS 15”) to be accounted for as a sale. The amendments require a seller-lessee
   to determine “lease payments” or “revised lease payments” such that the seller-lessee would not recognize a gain or loss that relates to
   the right of use retained by the seller-lessee. The amendments also clarify that applying the requirements does not prevent the seller-
   lessee from recognizing in profit or loss any gain or loss relating to subsequent partial or full termination of a lease.

   As part of the amendments, Illustrative Example 25 accompanying HKFRS 16 Leases (“HKFRS 16”) is added to illustrate the application
   of the requirements in a sale and leaseback transaction with variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate.

   The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024, with early application permitted. The
   application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.




                                                                                                                Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   105
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For the year ended December 31, 2023




2. Application of New and Amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
   (“HKFRSs”) and Changes in Other Accounting Policies (continued)
      Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related
      amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) (the “2020 Amendments”) and Amendments
      to HKAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
      The 2020 Amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of right to defer settlement for at least twelve
      months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current or non-current, which:

      •   clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by the transfer of the entity’s
          own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its classification as current or non-current only if the entity recognizes the option
          separately as an equity instrument applying HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation.

      •   specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights that are in existence at the end of the
          reporting period. Specifically, the amendments clarify that the classification should not be affected by management intentions or
          expectations to settle the liability within 12 months.

      For rights to defer settlement for at least twelve months from reporting date which are conditional on the compliance with covenants, the
      requirements introduced by the 2020 Amendments have been modified by the 2022 Amendments. The 2022 Amendments specify that
      only covenants with which an entity is required to comply with on or before the end of the reporting period affect the entity’s right to defer
      settlement of a liability for at least twelve months after the reporting date. Covenants which are required to comply with only after the
      reporting period do not affect whether that right exists at the end of the reporting period.

      In addition, the 2022 Amendments specify the disclosure requirements about information that enables users of financial statements
      to understand the risk that the liabilities could become repayable within twelve months after the reporting period, if an entity classifies
      liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when the entity’s right to defer settlement of those liabilities is subject to the entity
      complying with covenants within twelve months after the reporting period.

      The 2022 Amendments also defer the effective date of applying the 2020 Amendments to annual reporting periods beginning on or after
      January 1, 2024. The 2022 Amendments, together with the 2020 Amendments, are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on
      or after January 1, 2024, with early application permitted. If an entity applies the 2020 Amendments for an earlier period after the issue of
      the 2022 Amendments, the entity should also apply the 2022 Amendments for that period.

      As at December 31, 2023, the Group’s right to defer settlement for borrowings of US$1,030,971,000 are subject to compliance with
      certain financial ratios only after the reporting period. Such borrowings were classified as non-current as the Group met such ratios
      at December 31, 2023. Upon the application of the 2022 Amendments, such borrowings will still be classified as non-current as the
      covenants which the Group is required to comply with only after the reporting period do not affect whether that right exists at the end of
      the reporting date.

      Except as described above, the application of the 2020 and 2022 Amendments will not affect the classification of the Group’s other
      liabilities as at December 31, 2023.




106   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information
    Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements
    The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA. For the purpose of
    preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to
    influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by
    the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
    (“CO”).

    The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the consolidated financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the
    Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. Thus they continue to adopt the going
    concern basis of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

    The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments, which are
    measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

    Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods.

    Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
    participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation
    technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if
    market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value
    for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-
    based payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in
    accordance with HKFRS 16 and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realizable value
    in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.




                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     107
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information
      BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the Company and its
      subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

      •   has the power over the investee;

      •   is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

      •   has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

      The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of
      the three elements of control listed above.

      Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the
      subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to
      control the subsidiary.

      Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling
      interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even
      if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

      When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the
      Group’s accounting policies.

      All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are
      eliminated in full on consolidation.

      Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which represent present ownership
      interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




108   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
    BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

    Business Combinations
    A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly
    contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue
    producing outputs, including an organized workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or experience to perform the related processes
    or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced
    without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.

    Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is
    measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities
    incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the
    acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

    The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Conceptual Framework
    for Financial Reporting (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for transactions and events within the scope of HKAS 37 Provisions,
    Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 Levies, in which the Group applies HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 instead
    of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Contingent assets are not recognized.

    At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognized at their fair value, except that:

    •   deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognized and measured in
        accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits respectively;

    •   lease liabilities are recognized and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as defined in HKFRS 16) as if the
        acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the
        acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right of use assets (“ROU assets”) are recognized and measured at the
        same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with
        market terms.

    Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the
    acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date
    amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.

    Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s
    net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the
    recognized amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.




                                                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023      109
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (continued)

      Goodwill
      Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the business (see the
      accounting policy above) less any accumulated impairment losses, if any.

      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGUs”) that is expected to
      benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management
      purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

      A CGU to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit
      may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the CGU to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
      impairment before the end of that reporting period.

      If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of
      any goodwill and then to the other assets of the unit on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Any
      impairment loss for goodwill is recognized directly in profit or loss in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
      income. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.

      INTEREST IN AN ASSOCIATE
      An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial
      and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

      The result and assets and liabilities of an associate are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements using the equity method of
      accounting. The financial statements of an associate used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies
      as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, investment in an associate is
      initially recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group’s share of the
      profit or loss and other comprehensive income of an associate. Changes in net assets of an associate other than profit or loss and other
      comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group.

      When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group (such as a sale or contribution of assets), profits and losses resulting from
      the transactions with the associate are recognized in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the
      associate that are not related to the Group.




110   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
    INTANGIBLE ASSETS

    Intangible Assets Acquired Separately
    Intangible assets acquired separately and with finite useful lives are carried at cost less accumulated amortization and any accumulated
    impairment losses. Amortization of intangible assets with finite useful lives is provided on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
    lives. The estimated useful life and amortization method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
    estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried
    at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

    Intangible Assets Acquired in a Business Combination
    Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized separately from goodwill and are initially recognized at their fair value
    at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

    Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful lives are reported at cost less
    accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.
    Intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated
    impairment losses.

    Internally-Generated Intangible Assets – Research and Development Expenditure
    Expenditure on research activities is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

    An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an internal project) is
    recognized only if all of the following have been demonstrated:

    •   the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

    •   the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

    •   the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

    •   how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

    •   the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the intangible
        asset; and

    •   the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

    The amount initially recognized for an internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred from the date when
    the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognized,
    development expenditure is recognized in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

    Subsequent to initial recognition, an internally-generated intangible asset is reported at cost less accumulated amortization and
    accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets acquired separately.

    An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or disposal. Gains or losses
    arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured at the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying
    amount of the asset and are recognized in profit or loss in the period when the asset is derecognized.




                                                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023      111
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      LEASES

      Definition of a Lease
      A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange
      for consideration.

      For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 or arising from business combinations, the
      Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception, modification date or
      acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently
      changed.

      As a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when the Group reasonably expects that the
      effects on the consolidated financial statements would not differ materially from individual leases within the portfolio.

      The Group as a Lessee

      Short-term Leases and Leases of Low-value Assets
      The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
      commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the recognition exemption for lease of low-value assets. Lease
      payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis or another systematic
      basis over the lease term.

      ROU Assets
      The cost of ROU assets includes:

      •   the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

      •   any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

      •   any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

      •   an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is
          located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the lease.

      ROU assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of
      lease liabilities.

      ROU assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term are
      depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, ROU assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over
      the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

      The Group presents ROU assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

      Refundable Rental Deposits
      Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial
      recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of ROU assets.




112   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
    LEASES (continued)

    The Group as a Lessee (continued)

    Lease Liabilities
    At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the present value of lease payments that
    are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease
    commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

    The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable.

    After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

    The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

    Lease Modifications
    The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

    •   the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and

    •   the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the standalone price for the increase in scope and any
        appropriate adjustments to that standalone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

    For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based on the lease term of
    the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

    The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant ROU asset.

    The Group as a Lessor

    Classification and measurement of leases
    Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially
    all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other
    leases are classified as operating leases.

    Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognized as receivables at commencement date at amounts equal to net
    investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective leases. Initial direct costs are included in the initial
    measurement of the net investments in the leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant periodic
    rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.

    Sublease
    When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate contracts. The sublease is
    classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the ROU asset arising from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying
    asset.

    The Group uses the discount rate used for the head lease (adjusted for any initial direct costs associated with the sublease) to measure
    the net investment in the sublease if the interest rate implicit in the sublease cannot be readily determined.




                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     113
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      SALE AND LEASEBACK TRANSACTIONS
      The Group applies the requirements of HKFRS 15 to assess whether sale and leaseback transaction constitutes a sale by the Group.

      The Group as a seller-lessee
      For a transfer that satisfies the requirements as a sale, the Group as a seller-lessee measures the ROU asset arising from the leaseback
      at the proportion of the previous carrying amount of the asset and recognizes any gain or loss that relates to the rights transferred to
      the buyer-lessor only. ROU asset and lease liability with fixed payments are subsequently measured in accordance with the Group’s
      accounting policies above.

      If the fair value of the consideration for the sale does not equal the fair value of the asset, or if the payments for the lease are not at market
      rates, the Group makes the following adjustments to measure the sale proceeds at fair value:

      (a) any below-market terms is accounted for as a prepayment of lease payments; and

      (b) any above-market terms is accounted for as additional financing provided by the buyer-lessor to the seller-lessee.

      PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT (“PP&E”)
      PP&E are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative purposes, other than
      freehold land and construction in progress as described below. PP&E are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost
      less subsequent accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

      Freehold land is not depreciated and are measured at cost less subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

      Depreciation is recognized so as to write-off the cost of items of PP&E, other than freehold land and construction in progress, over their
      estimated useful lives and after taking into account of their estimated residual values, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful
      lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate
      accounted for on a prospective basis.

      PP&E in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purpose is carried at cost, less any recognized impairment
      loss. Cost includes any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of
      operating in the manner intended by management and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized in accordance with the Group’s
      accounting policy. Construction in progress is classified to the appropriate category of PP&E when completed and ready for its intended
      use. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other PP&E, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.

      When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land and building elements, the
      entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial
      recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold is presented as “ROU assets”
      in the consolidated statement of financial position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building
      element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as PP&E.

      An item of PP&E is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of
      the asset. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
      carrying amount of the item) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the item is derecognized.




114   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
    IMPAIRMENT ON PP&E, ROU ASSETS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS OTHER THAN GOODWILL
    At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its PP&E, ROU assets and intangible assets with finite useful
    lives to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
    recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. Intangible assets
    with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.
    The recoverable amount of PP&E, ROU assets and intangible assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the
    recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU to which the asset belongs.

    In testing a CGU for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant CGU when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation
    can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the
    carrying amount of the relevant CGU.

    Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash
    flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
    money and the risks specific to the asset (or a CGU) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

    If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a
    CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
    amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the
    unit. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in
    use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro-
    rata to the other assets of the unit. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

    Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU) is increased to the revised estimate of its
    recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined
    had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset (or CGU) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately
    in profit or loss.

    BANK BALANCES, DEPOSITS AND CASH
    Bank balances, deposits and cash presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

    (a) cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are subject to regulatory restrictions that
        result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash; and

    (b) cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or less), highly liquid investments
        that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash
        equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than for investment or other purposes.

    For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as defined
    above.




                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023      115
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position when a group entity becomes
      a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognized and
      derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of
      assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from contracts with
      customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition
      or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
      (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
      Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognized immediately in
      profit or loss.

      The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a financial asset or financial liability and of allocating interest
      income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash
      receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction
      costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a
      shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

      Financial Assets

      Classification and Subsequent Measurement of Financial Assets
      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortized cost:

      •   the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

      •   the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal
          amount outstanding.

      All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except for derivatives designated as cash flow hedge relationship.

      Amortized Cost and Interest Income
      Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortized cost. Interest
      income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets
      that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest
      income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the amortized cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If
      the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income
      is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting
      period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.

      Financial Assets at FVTPL
      Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses recognized in
      profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognized in profit or loss includes any dividend or interest earned on the financial assets.




116   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

    Financial Assets (continued)

    Impairment of Financial Assets and Other Item Subject to Impairment Assessment under HKFRS 9
    The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including trade and other
    receivables, bills receivable, trade receivables from an associate, finance lease receivables, bank balances and deposits) which are
    subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk
    since initial recognition.

    Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. In
    contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that are possible
    within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for
    factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting
    date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

    The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for trade receivables.

    For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a significant increase in
    credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognizes lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be
    recognized is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

    (i)   Significant Increase in Credit Risk
          In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default
          occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at
          the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
          reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or
          effort.

          In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly:

          •   an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal credit rating;

          •   significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit
              default swap prices for the debtor;

          •   existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant
              decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

          •   an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

          •   an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the debtor that
              results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.




                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023         117
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      Financial Assets (continued)

      Impairment of Financial Assets and Other Item Subject to Impairment Assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)

      (i)     Significant Increase in Credit Risk (continued)
              Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly since
              initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable
              information that demonstrates otherwise.

              Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased significantly since initial
              recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument is determined
              to have low credit risk if (i) it has a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
              obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not
              necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument
              to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of “investment grade” as per globally understood definitions.

              The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit
              risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the
              amount becomes past due.

      (ii)    Definition of Default
              For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally or
              obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking
              into account any collaterals held by the Group).

              Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due
              unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more
              appropriate.

      (iii)   Credit-impaired Financial Assets
              A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash
              flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the
              following events:

              (a) significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

              (b) a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

              (c) the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted
                  to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider; or

              (d) it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization.

      (iv)    Write-off Policy
              The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and
              there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered
              into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery
              procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent
              recoveries are recognized in profit or loss.




118   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

    Financial Assets (continued)

    Impairment of Financial Assets and Other Item Subject to Impairment Assessment under HKFRS 9 (continued)

    (v)   Measurement and Recognition of ECL
          The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a
          default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data
          and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with
          the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

          Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract
          and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.

          Lifetime ECL for trade receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into consideration past due information and relevant
          credit information such as forward-looking macroeconomic information.

          For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when formulating the grouping:

          •   Past-due status;

          •   Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

          •   External credit ratings where available.

          The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar credit risk
          characteristics.

          Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired,
          in which case interest income is calculated based on amortized cost of the financial asset (i.e. gross carrying amount less loss
          allowance for ECL).

          The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount,
          with the exception of trade receivables where the corresponding adjustment is recognized through a loss allowance account.




                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023    119
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      Financial Assets (continued)

      Foreign exchange gains and losses
      The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency and translated
      at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period.

      Specifically:

      •   For financial assets measured at amortized cost that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange differences are
          recognized in profit or loss; and

      •   For financial assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange differences are recognized in
          profit or loss.

      Financial Liabilities and Equity
      Debt and equity instruments are classified either as financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual
      arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

      Equity Instrument
      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity
      instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

      Buy-back of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognized and deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is recognized in profit or
      loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments.

      Financial Liabilities at Amortized Cost
      Financial liabilities (including unsecured borrowings, trade and other payables, bills payable and discounted bills with recourse) are
      subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest method.

      Financial Liabilities at FVTPL
      Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business
      combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is designated as at FVTPL.

      A financial liability is held for trading if:

      •   it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

      •   on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and has a recent actual
          pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

      •   it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a designated and effective hedging instrument.




120   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

    Financial Liabilities and Equity (continued)

    Financial Liabilities at FVTPL (continued)
    A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business combination may
    be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

    •   such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise; or

    •   the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed and its performance is
        evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information
        about the grouping is provided internally on that basis; or

    •   it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and HKFRS 9 permits the entire combined contract to be
        designated as at FVTPL.

    For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the financial liability that is attributable to
    changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognized in other comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in
    the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. Changes in fair
    value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognized in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified
    to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to retained profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.

    Foreign exchange gains and losses
    For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortized cost at the end of each reporting period,
    the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortized cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains
    and losses are recognized in profit or loss for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship. For those which
    are designated as a hedging instrument for a hedge of foreign currency risk, foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in other
    comprehensive income and accumulated in a separate component of equity.

    The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency and translated at the spot
    rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that are measured as at FVTPL, the foreign exchange component forms
    part of the fair value gains or losses and is recognized in profit or loss for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging
    relationship.




                                                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023       121
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      Financial Liabilities and Equity (continued)

      Derivative Financial Instruments
      Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value at the date when a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured to
      their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss immediately unless the derivative
      is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of
      the hedge relationship.

      A derivative is presented as a non-current asset or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument is more than 12
      months and it is not due to be realized or settled within 12 months. Other derivatives are presented as current assets or current liabilities.

      Hedge Accounting

      The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedges.

      At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item,
      along with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of
      the hedge and on an ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging instrument that is used in a hedging relationship is highly
      effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

      Assessment of Hedging Relationship and Effectiveness

      For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging instrument is effective in offsetting changes in cash flows
      of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness
      requirements:

      •   there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;

      •   the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that economic relationship; and

      •   the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that the Group actually
          hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

      If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the risk management objective
      for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances
      the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.




122   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

    Financial Liabilities and Equity (continued)

    Cash Flow Hedges
    The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recognized in other
    comprehensive income and accumulated in the hedging reserve, limited to the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item from
    inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

    Amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity (hedging reserve) are reclassified to profit or
    loss in the periods when the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same line of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
    comprehensive income as the recognized hedged item. Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or all of the loss accumulated in the
    cash flow hedging reserve will not be recovered in the future, that amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.

    Discontinuation of Hedge Accounting
    The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging relationship (or a part thereof) ceases to meet the
    qualifying criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes instances when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or
    exercised. Discontinuing hedge accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which case hedge
    accounting continues for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

    For cash flow hedge, any gain or loss recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity at that time remains in
    equity and is recognized when the forecast transactions is ultimately recognized in profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer
    expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is recognized immediately in profit or loss.

    Derecognition of Financial Assets and Liabilities
    The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers
    the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers
    nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes
    its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group neither transfers nor retains
    substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and has not retained control of the transferred asset, the Group derecognizes the
    financial asset and recognizes separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. If the Group
    retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognize the financial
    asset and also recognizes a collateralized borrowing for the proceeds received.

    On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortized cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the
    consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or loss.

    The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired. The
    difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in
    profit or loss.




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     123
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      PROVISIONS
      Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that
      the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are
      measured at the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into
      account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
      present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

      Provisions for the expected cost of assurance-type warranty obligations under the relevant contracts with customers for sales of goods
      are recognized at the date of sale of the relevant products, at the directors’ best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Group’s
      obligation.

      INVENTORIES
      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost of inventories are determined on a using the first-in, first-out
      method. Net realizable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs
      necessary to make the sales. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable to the sale and non-
      incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

      REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS
      The Group recognizes revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services underlying
      the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

      A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or
      services that are substantially the same.

      Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognized over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the
      relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

      •   the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs;

      •   the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

      •   the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to
          payment for performance completed to date.

      Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

      OVER TIME REVENUE RECOGNITION (COMMISSION AND ROYALTY INCOME): MEASUREMENT OF PROGRESS TOWARDS
      COMPLETE SATISFACTION OF A PERFORMANCE OBLIGATION
      The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method, which is to recognize
      revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the
      remaining goods or services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or
      services.

      As a practical expedient, if the Group has a right to consideration in an amount that corresponds directly with the value of the Group’s
      performance completed to date (i.e. royalty income), the Group recognizes revenue in the amount to which the Group has the right to
      invoice.




124   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
    REFUND LIABILITIES
    The Group recognizes a refund liability if the Group expects to refund some or all of the consideration received from customers.

    SALE WITH A RIGHT OF RETURN/EXCHANGE
    For a sale of products with a right of return/exchange for dissimilar products, the Group recognizes all of the following:

    (a) revenue for the transferred products in the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled (therefore, revenue
        would not be recognized for the products expected to be returned/exchanged);

    (b) a refund liability; and

    (c) an asset (and corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) for its right to recover products from customers and are presented as right to
        returned goods asset.

    TAXATION
    Income tax expense represents the sum of the current and deferred income tax expense.

    The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before taxation as reported in the
    consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in
    other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been
    enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

    Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial
    statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for
    all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it
    is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets
    and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from initial recognition of goodwill or from the initial recognition (other
    than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting
    profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. In addition, deferred tax
    liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.




                                                                                                    Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     125
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      TAXATION (continued)
      Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and an associate,
      except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not
      reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and
      interests are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits
      of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
      probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or
      the asset is realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

      The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the
      Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognizes the ROU assets and the related lease
      liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the ROU assets or the lease liabilities.

      For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies HKAS 12 Income Taxes
      requirements to the leasing transaction as a whole. Temporary differences relating to ROU assets and lease liabilities are assessed on
      a net basis. Excess of depreciation on ROU assets over the lease payments for the principal portion of lease liabilities resulting in net
      deductible temporary differences.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
      liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

      Current and deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss, except when it relates to items that are recognized in other comprehensive income
      or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity
      respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in
      the accounting for the business combination.

      In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable that the relevant tax authority will
      accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be used, by individual group entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable,
      the current and deferred taxes are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income tax filings. If it is not probable that the
      relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is reflected by using either the most likely
      amount or the expected value.




126   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
    FOREIGN CURRENCIES
    In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the functional currency of that
    entity (foreign currencies) are recognized at the rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting
    period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the exchange rates at that date. Non-monetary items that
    are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

    Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are recognized in profit or
    loss in the period in which they arise.

    For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations are
    translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. US$) at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period, and
    their income and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates for the year. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognized
    in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests
    as appropriate).

    On the disposal of a foreign operation (i.e. a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss
    of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of significant influence over an associate that
    includes a foreign operation), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the owners
    of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

    In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiary, the
    proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognized in profit
    or loss. For all other partial disposals (i.e. partial disposals of an associate that do not result in the Group losing significant influence), the
    proportionate share of the accumulated exchange differences is reclassified to profit or loss.

    Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign operation on or after January
    1, 2005 are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and retranslated at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of the
    reporting date. Exchange differences arising are recognized in the other comprehensive income.

    Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on acquisitions of foreign operations before January 1, 2005
    are treated as non-monetary foreign currency items of the acquirer and reported using the historical exchange rate prevailing at the date
    of the acquisition.




                                                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023      127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      BORROWING COSTS
      All borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

      EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
      Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of the equity
      instruments at the grant date.

      The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into consideration all non-market
      vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments
      that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (employee share-based compensation reserve). At the end of each
      reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant
      non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognized in profit or loss such that the
      cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the employee share-based compensation reserve.

      At the time when the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognized in employee share-based compensation reserve
      would be transferred to share capital. When the share options are forfeited or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount
      previously recognized in the employee share-based compensation reserve would be transferred to retained profits.

      When the trustee purchases the Company’s shares from the open market, the consideration paid, including any directly attributable
      incremental costs, is presented as shares held for share award scheme and deducted from total equity. No gain or loss is recognized on
      the transactions of the Company’s own shares.

      When the trustee transfers the Company’s shares to grantees upon vesting, the related costs of the granted shares vested are reversed
      from shares held under the share award scheme. Accordingly, the related expense of the granted shares vested is reversed from the
      employee share-based compensation reserve. The difference arising from this transfer is debited/credited to retained profits. At the end of
      the reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of shares that are expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision
      of the estimate, if any, is recognized in profit or loss with a corresponding adjustment to the employee share-based compensation reserve.

      GOVERNMENT GRANTS
      Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to
      them and that the grants will be received. Government grants are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in
      which the Group recognized as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.

      Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose of
      giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they
      become receivable. Government grants relating to compensation of expenses are deducted from the related expenses, other government
      grants are presented under “other income”.




128   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
    Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
    RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES
    Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit schemes and the MPF Scheme are charged as expenses when employees have
    rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

    The Group accounts for the employer’s MPF contributions expected to be offset as a deemed employee contribution towards the LSP
    obligation. The Group applies the practical expedient in HKAS 19.93(b) to account for employer’s MPF voluntary contributions as the
    deemed employee contributions as a reduction of the service cost in the period in which the related service is rendered. For mandatory
    contributions, the Group applies HKAS 19.93(a) and attributes the contributions to period of services for the purpose of calculation of the
    negative service costs. The estimated amount of future benefit is determined after deducting the negative service cost arising from the
    accrued benefits derived from the Group’s MPF contributions that have been vested with employees.

    For defined benefit retirement benefits plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the projected unit credit method, with
    actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual reporting period. In determining the present value of the Group’s defined
    benefit obligations and the related current service cost and, where applicable, past service cost, the Group attributes benefit to periods
    of service under the plan’s benefit formula. However, if an employee’s service in later years will lead to a materially higher level of benefit
    than earlier years, the Group attributes the benefit on a straight-line basis from:

    (a) the date when service by the employee first leads to benefits under the plan (whether or not the benefits are conditional on further
        service); until

    (b) the date when further service by the employee will lead to no material amount of further benefits under the plan, other than from
        further salary increases.

    Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling (if applicable) and the return on plan
    assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in the consolidated statement of financial position with a charge or credit recognized in
    other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognized in other comprehensive income is reflected
    immediately in retained profits and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.

    Past service cost is recognized in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and a gain or loss on settlement is
    recognized when settlement occurs. When determining past service cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, an entity shall remeasure the
    net defined benefit liability or asset using the current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial assumptions, reflecting the benefits
    offered under the plan and the plan assets before and after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement, without considering the
    effect of asset ceiling (i.e. the present value of any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future
    contributions to the plan).




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For the year ended December 31, 2023




3. Basis of Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and Material Accounting Policy
   Information (continued)
      Material Accounting Policy Information (continued)
      RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES (continued)
      Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net defined benefit liability or asset. However,
      if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit liability or asset before plan amendment, curtailment or settlement, the Group determines
      net interest for the remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement using the benefits
      offered under the plan and the plan assets after the plan amendment, curtailment or settlement and the discount rate used to remeasure
      such net defined benefit liability or asset, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or asset during the period
      resulting from contributions or benefit payments.

      Defined benefit costs are categorized as follows:

      •   service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on curtailments and settlements);

      •   net interest expense or income; and

      •   remeasurement.

      The retirement benefit obligations recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position represents the actual deficit or surplus
      in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from this calculation is limited to the present value of any economic benefits
      available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.

      SHORT-TERM AND OTHER LONG-TERM EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
      Short-term employee benefits are recognized at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and when employees
      rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognized as an expense unless another HKFRS requires or permits the
      inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

      A liability is recognized for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick leave) after deducting any
      amount already paid.

      Liabilities recognized in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present value of the estimated future cash
      outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date. Any changes in the
      liabilities’ carrying amounts resulting from service costs, interests and remeasurements are recognized in profit or loss except to the extent
      that another HKFRS requires or permits their inclusion in the cost of an asset.




130   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For the year ended December 31, 2023




4. Key Sources of Accounting Estimates
   In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 3, the directors of the Company are required to make
   estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The
   estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual
   results may differ from these estimates.

   The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the
   period in which the estimates are revised if the revisions affect only that period, or in the period of the revisions and future periods if the
   revisions affect both current and future periods.

   Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty
   The following are key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
   period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial
   year.

   Capitalization, Useful Lives and Estimated Impairment of Deferred Development Costs
   Determining the development costs, including the time and costs for individual projects, to be capitalized requires estimations and
   assumptions based on the expected future economic benefits to be generated by the products resulting from these development costs.
   Other important estimations and assumptions in this assessment process are the feasibility of mass production, the distinction between
   research and development and the estimated useful life. As at December 31, 2023, the carrying amount of deferred development costs of
   the Group was US$1,004,916,000 (2022: US$836,933,000). The estimation of their useful lives impacts the level of annual amortization
   recorded. The estimation of their useful lives reflects the directors’ best estimate of the periods that future economic benefits will be
   received through the use of the assets. In determining whether the deferred development costs are impaired, the management takes into
   consideration the anticipated revenues and estimated future cash flows from the underlying projects, and the progress of these projects.
   When the actual revenues and future cash flows are less than expected, a material impairment loss may arise and need to be recognized.
   Management is confident that the carrying amount of the assets will be recovered in full. This situation will be closely monitored and
   adjustments will be made in future periods if future market activity indicates that adjustments are required.

   Income Taxes
   The Group operates in a complex multinational tax environment. The Group carefully evaluates tax implications of its transactions in
   accordance with prevailing tax regulations and makes tax provision accordingly. However, estimation is required in determining the
   Group’s provision for taxation charge as there are many complex transactions and calculations, of which the ultimate tax determination
   is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. When the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were
   initially recorded, such differences will impact on the income tax and deferred tax provision in the periods in which such determination is
   made. The carrying amount of current tax payable carried as liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position as at December
   31, 2023 was US$47,558,000 (2022: US$56,750,000).

   As at December 31, 2023, deferred tax assets of US$71,647,000 (2022: US$52,761,000) in relation to unused tax losses and
   US$78,010,000 (2022: US$64,051,000) in relation to employee related provisions has been recognized in the Group’s consolidated
   statement of financial position. The realizability of the deferred tax assets mainly depends on whether sufficient taxable profits, or taxable
   temporary differences, will be available in the future. In cases where the actual future taxable profits generated are less than expected, or
   change in facts and circumstances which result in revision of future taxable profits estimation, a material reversal or further recognition
   of the deferred tax assets may arise, which would be recognized in profit or loss for the period in which the reversal or further recognition
   takes place.




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        For the year ended December 31, 2023




5. Segment Information
      Information reported to the executive directors of the Company, being the chief operating decision makers, for the purposes of resources
      allocation and assessment of segment performance focuses on the types of goods sold.

      The principal categories of goods supplied are “Power Equipment” and “Floorcare & Cleaning”. The Group’s operating segments under
      HKFRS 8 are as follows:

      1.     Power Equipment – sales of power tools, power tool accessories, outdoor products, and outdoor product accessories for consumer,
             trade, professional and industrial users. The products are available under the MILWAUKEE, EMPIRE, AEG, RYOBI, HOMELITE and
             HART brands plus original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) customers.

      2.     Floorcare & Cleaning – sales of floorcare products and floorcare accessories under the HOOVER, DIRT DEVIL, VAX and ORECK
             brands plus OEM customers.

      Segment Revenue and Results
      The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable and operating segments:

      For the year ended December 31, 2023

                                                                 Power                Floorcare
                                                             Equipment               & Cleaning          Eliminations            Consolidated
                                                              US$’000                  US$’000                US$’000               US$’000
      Segment revenue
           External sales                                  12,794,548                  936,863                      —            13,731,411
           Inter-segment sales                                     —                    37,885                (37,885)                   —

      Total segment revenue                                12,794,548                  974,748                (37,885)           13,731,411

      Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.

      Result
           Segment results                                  1,107,509                   27,207                      —             1,134,716
           Interest income                                                                                                            44,956
           Finance costs                                                                                                            (124,056)

           Profit before taxation                                                                                                 1,055,616

      For the year ended December 31, 2022

                                                                 Power                Floorcare
                                                             Equipment               & Cleaning           Eliminations           Consolidated
                                                               US$’000                 US$’000                US$’000                US$’000
      Segment revenue
           External sales                                   12,329,071                  924,846                     —             13,253,917
           Inter-segment sales                                      —                    61,836                (61,836)                   —

      Total segment revenue                                 12,329,071                  986,682                (61,836)           13,253,917

      Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.

      Result
           Segment results                                   1,238,993                  (38,080)                    —              1,200,913
           Interest income                                                                                                             25,852
           Finance costs                                                                                                              (69,868)

           Profit before taxation                                                                                                  1,156,897




132   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For the year ended December 31, 2023




5. Segment Information (continued)
    Segment Revenue and Results (continued)
    The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies described in Note 3. Segment results
    represent the profit earned or loss incurred by each segment without allocation of interest income and finance costs. This is the measure
    reported to the executive directors of the Company for the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment.

    No analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by operating segment is disclosed as they are not regularly provided to the chief operating
    decision makers for review.

    Other Segment Information
    For the year ended December 31, 2023

    Amounts included in the measure of segment results:

                                                                                                              Floorcare
                                                                             Power Equipment                 & Cleaning            Consolidated
                                                                                     US$’000                  US$’000                  US$’000
    Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                  15,781                     2,298                  18,079
    Write down of inventories                                                          18,509                     5,738                  24,247
    Impairment loss (reversal of impairment loss) on
      trade receivables under ECL model                                                10,057                      (319)                  9,738
    Write-off of intangible assets                                                     32,533                     2,522                  35,055
    Depreciation and amortization                                                     555,642                   42,790                 598,432
    Gain on early termination of leases                                                     (65)                    —                         (65)

    For the year ended December 31, 2022

    Amounts included in the measure of segment results:

                                                                                                              Floorcare
                                                                             Power Equipment                 & Cleaning             Consolidated
                                                                                      US$’000                  US$’000                  US$’000
    Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                   14,089                    2,408                  16,497
    Gain on sale and leaseback transactions                                             (9,072)                      —                    (9,072)
    Write down of inventories                                                           59,161                    2,450                  61,611
    Reversal of impairment loss on trade receivables under ECL model                   (10,777)                  (1,491)                 (12,268)
    Write-off of intangible assets                                                      10,817                    1,192                  12,009
    Depreciation and amortization                                                      462,536                   38,315                 500,851
    Gain on early termination of leases                                                    (178)                     —                        (178)




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                  For the year ended December 31, 2023




5. Segment Information (continued)
      Revenue from Major Products
      The following is an analysis of the Group’s disaggregated revenue from its major products:

                                                                                                                                              2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                          US$’000                 US$’000
      Power Equipment                                                                                                                12,794,548                 12,329,071
      Floorcare & Cleaning                                                                                                                936,863                 924,846

      Total                                                                                                                          13,731,411                 13,253,917


      Geographical Information
      The Group’s revenue from external customers by geographical location determined based on the location of the customer and information
      about its non-current assets by geographical location, determined based on the location of the group entity owning the assets are detailed
      below:

                                                                               Revenue from external customers                            Non-Current Assets*
                                                                                         2023                     2022                      2023                    2022
                                                                                       US$’000                  US$’000                   US$’000                 US$’000
      North America                                                               10,513,310                10,232,470                 2,861,778                 2,695,426
      Europe                                                                        2,093,341                 1,927,755                   244,686                 196,590
      Other countries                                                               1,124,760                 1,093,692                1,978,579                 1,608,318

      Total                                                                       13,731,411                13,253,917                 5,085,043                 4,500,334

      *   Non-current assets exclude interest in an associate, financial assets at FVTPL, deposits, derivative financial instruments and deferred tax assets.



      Information about Major Customer
      During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Group’s largest customer contributed total revenue of US$6,046,986,000
      (2022: US$6,333,127,000), of which US$6,016,567,000 (2022: US$6,293,896,000) was under the Power Equipment segment and
      US$30,419,000 (2022: US$39,231,000) was under the Floorcare & Cleaning segment. There is no other customer contributing more
      than 10% of total revenue.




134   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For the year ended December 31, 2023




6. Revenue
   Revenue represents the fair value of the net amounts received and receivable for goods sold by the Group to outside customers, less
   returns and allowances, and commission and royalty income received during the year and is analyzed as follows:

                                                                                                                     2023                  2022
                                                                                                                 US$’000                 US$’000
   Sales of goods                                                                                             13,720,454           13,238,728
   Commission and royalty income                                                                                   10,957                 15,189

                                                                                                              13,731,411           13,253,917

   Revenue from sales of goods is recognized at a point in time. Commission and royalty income is recognized over time.

   The Group sells products mainly to the wholesale market. Revenue is recognized when control of the goods has transferred, being when
   the goods have been shipped to the wholesaler’s specific location or pick up point (delivery).

   Following delivery, the wholesaler has full discretion over the manner of distribution and price to sell the goods, has the primary
   responsibility when on selling the goods and bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods.

   Revenue is recognized for sales which are considered highly probable and where a significant reversal of the cumulative revenue
   recognized will not occur. A contract liability is recognized for sales in which revenue has not yet been recognized. The Group’s right
   to recover the product when customers exercise their right to return products is recognized as a right to returned goods asset and a
   corresponding adjustment to cost of sales.

   As at December 31, 2023, revenue for unsatisfied contracts to be recognized by the Group over one year is immaterial. As permitted by
   HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied contracts for contracts with period of one year or less is not disclosed.

7. Other Income
   Other income in both 2023 and 2022 mainly comprises of the sale of scrap materials and claims and reimbursements from customers
   and vendors.

8. Interest Income
   Interest income represents interest earned on bank deposits.

9. Finance Costs
                                                                                                                     2023                  2022
                                                                                                                 US$’000                 US$’000
   Interest on:
     Unsecured borrowings                                                                                        104,625                  58,810
     Lease liabilities                                                                                             19,431                 11,058

                                                                                                                 124,056                  69,868




                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For the year ended December 31, 2023




10. Taxation Charge
                                                                                                                         2023       2022
                                                                                                                     US$’000      US$’000
      Current tax:
        Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                                                          (1,519)     (1,344)
        Under provision in prior years                                                                                (12,598)       (559)

                                                                                                                      (14,117)     (1,903)

        Overseas taxation                                                                                             (36,509)    (64,554)
        Under provision in prior years                                                                                     (73)      (453)

                                                                                                                      (36,582)    (65,007)

      Deferred tax (Note 42):
        Current year                                                                                                  (20,627)      1,636
        Deferred tax asset impairment                                                                                  (8,281)    (14,452)
        Change in tax rates                                                                                               331         (21)

                                                                                                                      (28,577)    (12,837)

                                                                                                                      (79,276)    (79,747)

      Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profit for both years.

      Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.

      The taxation charge for the year is reconciled as follows:

                                                                                   2023                 2023             2022       2022
                                                                               US$’000                      %         US$’000          %
      Profit before taxation                                                 1,055,616                               1,156,897

      Tax at Hong Kong Profits Tax rate                                       (174,177)                16.5%          (190,888)    16.5%
      Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries operating in
         other jurisdictions                                                   158,033               (15.0%)          139,542     (12.1%)
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes                    (44,570)                4.2%           (33,032)     2.9%
      Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purposes                           7,085                (0.7%)            2,422     (0.2%)
      Utilization of deductible temporary differences
        previously not recognized                                                 2,517                (0.2%)            3,368     (0.3%)
      Tax effect of tax losses and temporary
        differences not recognized                                               (7,547)                0.7%           14,325      (1.2%)
      Deferred tax asset impairment                                              (8,281)                0.8%           (14,452)     1.2%
      Under provision in respect of prior years                                 (12,671)                1.2%            (1,012)     0.1%
      Tax effect of changes in tax rates                                            331                 0.0%               (21)     0.0%
      Tax effect of share of result of an associate                                     4               0.0%                 1      0.0%

      Taxation charge for the year                                              (79,276)                7.5%           (79,747)     6.9%

      Details of deferred tax are set out in Note 42.




136   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For the year ended December 31, 2023




10. Taxation Charge (continued)
    For the year ended December 31, 2023, deferred tax asset of US$655,000 (2022: US$304,000) and deferred tax liability of US$200,000
    (2022: US$2,631,000) related to remeasurement of defined benefit obligations and fair value loss on foreign currency forward contracts
    and cross-currency interest rate swaps in hedge accounting have been recognized in other comprehensive income respectively.

    The Group has applied the temporary exception issued by the HKICPA in July 2023 from the accounting requirements for deferred taxes
    in HKAS 12. Accordingly, the Group neither recognizes nor discloses information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar
    Two income taxes.

    The Group has completed a comprehensive assessment of its estimated tax exposure to any Pillar Two income taxes for the year ended
    December 31, 2023.

    The estimated tax exposure is based on the 2023 financial information, applying Pillar II rules proposed to be enacted in 2024 or later
    (based on latest published Pillar Two materials from Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development), assuming as if Pillar Two
    legislation was effectively enacted in all of the jurisdictions covering the Group’s constituent entities in 2023 and making use of the safe
    harbour rules. As of December 31, 2023, no Pillar Two legislation is effective in the jurisdictions where the group entities is operating.

    If the Pillar Two legislation had been globally enacted and effective for the year ended December 31, 2023 and, the estimated tax
    exposure had been recognized, the Group’s effective tax rate would increase from 7.51% to 7.53%.

    The table below depicts the jurisdictions affected and the determination of the additional tax exposure:

                                                                Pillar II                          Pillar II
                      Jurisdictional          Pillar II      Substance            Pillar II     Substance              Pillar II         Pillar II
                     Local Effective    Jurisdictional    Based Income       15% Tax on Based Exclusion          Jurisdictional    Jurisdictional
    Jurisdiction        Tax Rate %      Globe Income          Exclusion     Globe Income         Tax Effect       Covered Tax        Top Up Tax
                                            US$’000           US$’000           US$’000           US$’000            US$’000           US$’000
    Macao                  11.996%              6,707              (125)            1,006                (3)              (805)              198
    Dubai                   0.000%                783              (417)              117               (62)                —                 55

                                                7,490              (542)            1,123               (65)              (805)              253




                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023      137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS             For the year ended December 31, 2023




11. Profit for the Year
                                                                                                                  2023               2022
                                                                                                               US$’000           US$’000
      Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging (crediting):
      Amortization of intangible assets                                                                        163,213            120,425
      Auditors’ remuneration                                                                                     3,801              3,714
      Cost of inventories recognized as an expense                                                            8,311,775         8,041,340
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                            269,041            240,428
      Depreciation of right of use assets                                                                      166,178            139,998
      Fair value loss (gain) on foreign currency forward contracts                                               8,968             (4,339)
      Fair value (gain) loss on acquisition right of certain property, plant and equipment                          (82)              300
      Fair value (gain) loss on listed equity securities                                                        (14,024)            2,806
      Fair value loss on unlisted equity securities                                                              1,000                 —
      Gain on early termination of leases                                                                           (65)             (178)
      Gain on sale and leaseback transactions                                                                        —             (9,072)
      Impairment loss (reversal of impairment loss) on trade receivables under ECL model                         9,738            (12,268)
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                         18,079             16,497
      Net exchange gain                                                                                          (4,534)         (112,125)
      Expenses relating to short-term leases and low-value assets recognized in respect of:
        Motor vehicles                                                                                           4,787              3,716
        Plant and machinery                                                                                      8,258              6,619
        Office equipment, furniture and fixtures                                                                22,317             20,659
        Premises                                                                                                 6,973             13,696
        Other assets                                                                                             1,531              1,560
      Unconditional government grants                                                                              (309)             (685)
      Write down of inventories                                                                                 24,247             61,611
      Write-off of intangible assets                                                                            35,055             12,009
      Staff costs
        Directors’ remuneration
           Fees                                                                                                    746                644
           Other emoluments                                                                                     66,734             76,843

                                                                                                                67,480             77,487
      Other staff costs                                                                                       1,836,614         1,836,729
      Contributions to retirement benefits schemes (other than those included in the Directors’ emoluments)
        Defined contribution plans                                                                              34,374             29,838
        Defined benefit plans (Note 41)                                                                          2,082                865

                                                                                                              1,940,550         1,944,919

      Staff costs disclosed above do not include an amount of US$513,326,000 (2022: US$475,188,000) of staff costs incurred relating to
      research and development activities.




138   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For the year ended December 31, 2023




12. Directors’ Emoluments
    The emoluments paid or payable to each of the twelve (2022: twelve) directors, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules and the
    CO, were as follows:

    For the year ended December 31, 2023

                                                                                       Other emoluments
                                                                                 Contributions
                                                                         Basic   to retirement
                                                                  salaries and         benefits                     Share-based
                                                         Fees      allowances         schemes             Bonus       payments               Total
                                                    US$’000         US$’000          US$’000           US$’000         US$’000         US$’000
    Mr Horst Julius Pudwill (Note i)                       —           1,849                 2          10,103           2,223           14,177
    Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill (Note i)                      —           1,019                 2            2,200          2,556            5,777
    Mr Joseph Galli Jr (Note i)                            —           1,848                11          13,100          17,598           32,557
    Mr Kin Wah Chan (Note i)                               —             912                2             2,641          2,556            6,111
    Mr Chi Chung Chan (Note i)                             —             909                —             2,940          2,556            6,405
    Mr Camille Jojo (Note i, iv)                          98             193                —                —             103               394
    Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP (Note ii)         108               —                —                —             106               214
    Mr Peter David Sullivan (Note iii)                   108               54               —              512             106               780
    Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse (Note iii)                 108               30               —               —              185               323
    Mr Robert Hinman Getz (Note iii)                     108               59               —                —             142               309
    Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding (Note iii)              108               18               —                —             114               240
    Ms Caroline Christina Kracht (Note iii)              108               17               —                —               68              193

    Total                                                746           6,908                17          31,496          28,313           67,480

    For the year ended December 31, 2022

                                                                                       Other emoluments
                                                                                 Contributions
                                                                         Basic   to retirement
                                                                  salaries and         benefits                     Share-based
                                                         Fees      allowances        schemes              Bonus       payments               Total
                                                     US$’000         US$’000          US$’000          US$’000         US$’000          US$’000
    Mr Horst Julius Pudwill (Note i)                       —            1,826                2           10,803           2,994          15,625
    Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill (Note i)                      —              988                2            2,200           5,270           8,460
    Mr Joseph Galli Jr (Note i)                            —            1,851               10           14,100          16,781          32,742
    Mr Kin Wah Chan (Note i)                               —              912               2             2,641           5,270           8,825
    Mr Chi Chung Chan (Note i)                             —              909               —             2,940           5,270           9,119
    Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP (Note ii)           94              —                —                —              366               460
    Mr Camille Jojo (Note ii)                              94              29               —                —              601               724
    Mr Peter David Sullivan (Note iii)                     94              47               —                —              366               507
    Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse (Note iii)                   94              29               —                —              261               384
    Mr Robert Hinman Getz (Note iii)                       94              50               —                —              212               356
    Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding (Note iii)                94               4               —                —              107               205
    Ms Caroline Christina Kracht
     (appointed on March 7, 2022) (Note iii)               80              —                —                —               —                 80

    Total                                                644            6,645               16           32,684          37,498          77,487




                                                                                                  Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                 For the year ended December 31, 2023




12. Directors’ Emoluments (continued)
      Note i: The individuals represent the Executive Directors of the Company and the Group. The Executive Directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their
              services in connection with management of the affairs of the Company and the Group. Mr Joseph Galli Jr serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the Group.
      Note ii: The individuals represent the Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Non-Executive Directors’ emoluments shown above were mainly for their services as
               directors of the Company or its subsidiaries.
      Note iii:The individuals represent the independent Non-Executive Directors of the Company. The Independent Non-Executive Directors’ emoluments shown above were
               mainly for their services as directors of the Company.
      Note iv:Mr Camille Jojo re-designated from Non-executive Director to Executive Director with effect from December 1, 2023.


      The bonuses were based on past performance of the Group.

      The above emoluments include the value of share options granted and shares awarded to certain directors under the Company’s share
      option schemes and share award scheme, respectively, as estimated at the date of grant and award. The share-based payments represent
      the costs of share options and share awards granted to directors as charged to the Company’s profit and loss, but not as income of
      respective directors. Details of these benefits in kind are disclosed under the sections “Share Options” and “Share Award Scheme” in
      Notes 45 and 46 respectively.

13. Employees’ Emoluments
      Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, three (2022: four) were directors of the Company whose emoluments
      are included in Note 12 above. The emoluments of the remaining two (2022: one) individuals for the year ended December 31, 2023
      were as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2023                    2022
                                                                                                                                       US$’000                  US$’000
      Basic salaries and allowances                                                                                                        1,596                      905
      Contributions to retirement benefits schemes                                                                                           342                      183
      Bonus                                                                                                                              15,635                   10,515
      Share-based payments                                                                                                                   —                        —

                                                                                                                                         17,573                   11,603

      The emoluments of these two (2022: one) highest paid individuals for the year ended December 31, 2023 were within the following
      bands:

                                                                                                                                           No. of persons
      HK$                                                                                                                                   2023                    2022
      63,000,001 to 63,500,000                                                                                                                   1                     —
      73,000,001 to 73,500,000                                                                                                                   1                     —
      90,000,001 to 90,500,000                                                                                                                  —                          1

      During each of the two years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, no emoluments have been paid by the Group to the five highest paid
      individuals, including directors, as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. No director has
      waived any emoluments during those years.




140   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        For the year ended December 31, 2023




14. Dividends
                                                                                                                   2023                 2022
                                                                                                               US$’000              US$’000
    Dividends recognized as distributions during the year:
    Final dividend paid:
      2022: HK90.00 cents (approximately US11.58 cents)
         (2021: HK1 dollar (approximately US12.87 cents)) per share                                            212,525              236,104
    Interim dividend paid:
       2023: HK95.00 cents (approximately US12.23 cents)
         (2022: HK95.00 cents (approximately US12.23 cents)) per share                                         224,334              224,317

                                                                                                               436,859              460,421

    The final dividend of HK98.00 cents (approximately US12.61 cents) per share with a total of approximately US$231,355,000 in respect
    of the year ended December 31, 2023 (2022: final dividend of HK90.00 cents (approximately US11.58 cents) per share in respect of the
    year ended December 31, 2022) has been proposed by the directors of the Company and is subject to approval by the shareholders in
    the Annual General Meeting.

15. Earnings per Share
    The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to Owners of the Company is based on the following data:

                                                                                                                   2023                 2022
                                                                                                               US$’000              US$’000
    Earnings for the purposes of basic and diluted earnings per share:
      Profit for the year attributable to Owners of the Company                                                976,340            1,077,150

    Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share              1,829,863,359        1,829,931,694
    Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
      Share options                                                                                          3,258,878            4,199,642
      Share awards                                                                                           3,060,683            1,900,192

    Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of diluted earnings per share            1,836,182,920        1,836,031,528

    The computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume the exercise of the Company’s share options and vesting of Company’s
    share awards which the exercise price of those share options and adjusted exercise price of those share awards were higher than the
    average market price for shares for both years.




                                                                                               Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                    For the year ended December 31, 2023




16. Property, Plant and Equipment
                                    Freehold land                       Office
                                        and land                  equipment,                              Moulds
                                    and buildings    Leasehold       furniture   Plant and      Motor        and                             Construction
                                           (Note) improvements    and fixtures   machinery    vehicles    tooling     Vessels     Aircraft    in progress        Total
                                       US$’000       US$’000        US$’000      US$’000      US$’000    US$’000     US$’000     US$’000        US$’000      US$’000
      Cost
      At January 1, 2022                554,533       114,782        323,045      614,749      10,471    370,579       7,106      67,493         597,674    2,660,432
      Currency realignment                (1,713)       (5,484)        (5,109)     (21,513)      (152)     (9,447)        —           —           (2,019)     (45,437)
      Additions                               —         5,862         19,524       49,017         849      3,130          —         2,467        500,141      580,990
      Acquisition of a subsidiary
        (Note 43)                             —         1,057             141       1,327          —         106          —            —             569        3,200
      Disposals                          (68,197)       (6,430)       (32,394)     (11,284)      (342)    (72,051)        —            —          (4,622)    (195,320)
      Reclassification                   94,075        17,948         59,998       63,633         257    111,812          —            —        (347,723)          —

      At December 31, 2022              578,698       127,735        365,205      695,929      11,083    404,129       7,106      69,960         744,020    3,003,865

      Currency realignment                2,055          (865)         1,366       (3,486)       (119)    (2,953)         —            —          (5,222)      (9,224)
      Additions                           2,833       10,920          18,859       28,426        232       1,387          10      36,782        402,124      501,573
      Acquisition of a subsidiary
        (Note 43)                             —             —              —            —          —           —          —            —         68,339       68,339
      Disposals                         (24,718)       (8,256)       (10,612)     (29,122)     (1,291)   (66,948)         —      (26,374)         (1,401)    (168,722)
      Reclassification                 338,899        14,025          35,566      153,410       1,266     71,534          —           —        (614,700)           —

      At December 31, 2023             897,767       143,559        410,384       845,157      11,171    407,149       7,116      80,368        593,160     3,395,831

      Depreciation and Impairment
      At January 1, 2022                 65,661        60,464        195,266      295,904       6,348    172,318       6,610        4,975             —       807,546
      Currency realignment                (1,454)       (3,098)        (3,548)     (12,083)      (116)     (4,001)        —            —              —       (24,300)
      Provided for the year              14,579        15,739         37,839       69,734       1,645     96,188         494        4,210             —       240,428
      Eliminated on disposals             (2,321)       (4,258)       (29,805)      (8,954)      (241)    (60,101)        —            —              —      (105,680)

      At December 31, 2022               76,465        68,847        199,752      344,601       7,636    204,404       7,104        9,185             —       917,994

      Currency realignment                  115          (519)           882       (1,743)        (41)    (1,209)         —            —              —        (2,515)
      Provided for the year              20,091       15,082          40,599       84,410       1,348    102,859          3        4,649              —      269,041
      Eliminated on disposals            (1,173)       (6,886)       (10,024)     (15,995)     (1,012)   (56,635)         —       (7,501)             —       (99,226)

      At December 31, 2023               95,498       76,524        231,209       411,273       7,931    249,419       7,107       6,333              —     1,085,294

      Carrying amounts
      At December 31, 2023             802,269        67,035        179,175       433,884       3,240    157,730           9      74,035        593,160     2,310,537

      At December 31, 2022              502,233        58,888        165,453      351,328       3,447    199,725           2      60,775         744,020    2,085,871

      Note: Buildings with a carrying amount of US$9,601,000 (2022: US$11,371,000) are erected on leasehold land that is presented as ROU assets on the consolidated
            statement of financial position.




142   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            For the year ended December 31, 2023




16. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)
    The above PP&E, other than freehold land and construction in progress, are depreciated on a straight-line basis, at the following rates per
    annum:

    Land and buildings                                   Over the Shorter of lease term or useful life of twenty to fifty years
    Leasehold improvements                               21/2% – 371/2%
    Office equipment, furniture and fixtures             10% – 331/3%
    Plant and machinery                                  5% – 331/3%
    Motor vehicles                                       10% – 331/3%
    Moulds and tooling                                   18% – 331/3%
    Vessels                                              20% – 25%
    Aircraft                                             6%

    The carrying amounts of properties shown above comprise:

                                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                                   US$’000              US$’000
    Properties situated outside Hong Kong are analyzed as follows:
      Freehold land                                                                                                673,729              431,519
      Land and buildings                                                                                            70,593               11,371

                                                                                                                   744,322              442,890
    Land and buildings situated in Hong Kong                                                                        57,947               59,343

                                                                                                                   802,269              502,233

    The cost of the Group’s PP&E includes amounts of US$261,645,000 (2022: US$233,661,000) in respect of fully depreciated PP&E that
    are still in use.




                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     For the year ended December 31, 2023




17. Right of Use Assets
                                                        Office
                                                  equipment,
                                      Land and       furniture     Plant and           Motor                    Leasehold
                                      buildings   and fixtures     machinery         vehicles        Aircraft        land         Total
                                      US$’000       US$’000         US$’000         US$’000         US$’000     US$’000       US$’000
      Cost
      At January 1, 2022               687,348        13,058           8,940         131,054         12,582       38,873       891,855
      Currency realignment             (16,937)           (33)           (256)            (3,727)        —         (3,057)     (24,010)
      Additions                        232,501          9,457            534          51,424              —            —       293,916
      Acquisition of a subsidiary
        (Note 43)                        1,701             11              —                  —           —            —         1,712
      Early termination/end of
        leases                         (25,800)        (1,153)           (224)        (11,025)       (12,582)          —       (50,784)

      At December 31, 2022             878,813        21,340           8,994         167,726              —       35,816     1,112,689

      Currency realignment               4,587              2             80              1,939           —       (1,010)        5,598
      Additions                       269,484          1,039           6,693          71,966              —           —       349,182
      Acquisition of a subsidiary
        (Note 43)                      12,008              —               —                  —           —            —       12,008
      Early termination/end of
        leases                         (65,555)       (2,961)           (859)        (32,111)             —            —      (101,486)

      At December 31, 2023           1,099,337        19,420         14,908         209,520               —       34,806     1,377,991

      Depreciation
      At January 1, 2022               247,090          4,683          3,629          61,444         11,219       10,425       338,490
      Currency realignment              (8,423)            (8)           (128)            (2,216)        —          (835)      (11,610)
      Provided for the year            100,733          4,527          1,498          31,306          1,201          733       139,998
      Elimination on early
         termination/end of leases     (13,765)        (1,129)           (224)            (9,940)    (12,420)          —       (37,478)

      At December 31, 2022             325,635          8,073          4,775          80,594              —       10,323       429,400

      Currency realignment               2,384              1             44                862           —         (291)        3,000
      Provided for the year           115,682          5,417           2,132          42,250              —          697      166,178
      Elimination on early
         termination/end of leases     (60,299)       (2,921)           (416)        (22,960)             —            —       (86,596)

      At December 31, 2023            383,402         10,570           6,535        100,746               —       10,729      511,982

      Carrying amounts
      At December 31, 2023            715,935          8,850           8,373        108,774               —       24,077      866,009

      At December 31, 2022             553,178        13,267           4,219          87,132              —       25,493       683,289




144   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      For the year ended December 31, 2023




17. Right of Use Assets (continued)
    During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group disposed certain PP&E (mainly Land and buildings) with carrying amount of
    approximately US$67,595,000 at consideration of US$78,572,000 to an independent third party. Subsequently, the Group entered into a
    lease agreement with the purchaser to leaseback the PP&E for 36 months. The transaction constituted a sales and leaseback transaction
    and the Group recognized ROU assets and lease liabilities of approximately US$11,735,000 and US$13,640,000 respectively.

                                                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                                                                 US$’000              US$’000
    Expense relating to short-term leases                                                                          21,457               27,549
    Expense relating to leases of low-value assets, excluding short-term leases of low-value assets                22,409               18,701
    Total cash outflow for leases                                                                                223,216              194,641

    For both years, the Group leased land and buildings, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, plant and machinery, motor vehicles,
    aircraft and leasehold land for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for term of up to 50 years (2022: 50 years). Lease terms are
    negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing
    the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is
    enforceable.

    In addition, the Group owns office buildings. The Group is the registered owner of these property interests, including the underlying
    leasehold lands. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire these property interests. The leasehold land components of these
    owned properties are presented separately only if the payments made can be allocated reliably.

    The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for property, plant and machinery, office equipment, furniture and fixtures and motor
    vehicles. As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the
    short-term lease expense disclosed above.

    Leases Committed
    As at December 31, 2023, the Group entered into new leases for certain PP&E that have not yet commenced, with average non-
    cancellable period that ranges from 2 to 10 years (2022: 2 to 6 years) with extension options, the total future undiscounted cash flows
    under which amounts to US$44,643,000 (2022: US$12,212,000) over the non-cancellable period.

    Details of the lease maturity analysis of the lease liabilities are set out in Note 34.

18. Goodwill
                                                                                                                                     US$’000
    At January 1, 2022                                                                                                                577,237
    Currency realignment                                                                                                                (3,668)
    Arising on acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 43)                                                                                    25,105

    At December 31, 2022                                                                                                              598,674
    Currency realignment                                                                                                                 1,659
    Arising on acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 43)                                                                                     3,964

    At December 31, 2023                                                                                                              604,297

    Particulars regarding impairment testing of goodwill are disclosed in Note 20.




                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For the year ended December 31, 2023




19. Intangible Assets
                                                                                                            Retailer
                                         Deferred                                                               and            Non
                                     development                                     Manufacturing           service       compete
                                            costs         Patents      Trademarks       know-how      relationships      agreement            Total
                                        US$’000          US$’000         US$’000         US$’000         US$’000          US$’000         US$’000
      Cost
      At January 1, 2022               1,024,593         109,512          239,212             1,753          9,900           1,300       1,386,270
      Currency realignment                    (78)           (280)             —                 —              —               —             (358)
      Additions                          388,266           15,401           1,209                —               —              —          404,876
      Arising on acquisition of a
        subsidiary (Note 43)                   —            2,015              —                 —               —              —            2,015
      Written off in the year             (37,958)           (309)             —                 —               —              —          (38,267)

      At December 31, 2022             1,374,823         126,339          240,421             1,753          9,900           1,300       1,754,536

      Currency realignment                   105             161               —                 —               —              —              266
      Additions                         357,108           15,297             183                 —               —              —         372,588
      Written off in the year            (54,808)           (454)            (170)               —               —              —          (55,432)

      At December 31, 2023             1,677,228         141,343         240,434              1,753          9,900          1,300       2,071,958

      Amortization
      At January 1, 2022                 452,144           64,626          14,772              876           2,767           1,300         536,485
      Currency realignment                    (61)            (68)             —                —               —               —             (129)
      Provided for the year              112,065            6,468              37              130           1,725              —          120,425
      Eliminated on write-off             (26,258)             —               —                —               —               —          (26,258)

      At December 31, 2022               537,890           71,026          14,809             1,006          4,492           1,300         630,523

      Currency realignment                    99              81               —                 —               —              —              180
      Provided for the year             154,530            7,805               88              130             660              —         163,213
      Eliminated on write-off            (20,207)             —              (170)              —               —               —          (20,377)

      At December 31, 2023              672,312           78,912          14,727              1,136          5,152          1,300         773,539

      Carrying amounts
      At December 31, 2023             1,004,916          62,431         225,707               617           4,748              —       1,298,419

      At December 31, 2022               836,933           55,313         225,612              747           5,408              —        1,124,013

      Deferred development costs are internally-generated by capitalizing the costs pertaining to the development of new products or
      enhancement of existing products.

      Included in trademarks of the Group, US$224,440,000 (2022: US$224,440,000) are trademarks considered by the management of
      the Group as having indefinite useful lives because they are expected to contribute to the Group’s net cash inflows indefinitely. The
      trademarks will not be amortized until their useful lives are determined to be finite. Instead they will be tested for impairment annually and
      whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired. Particulars of the impairment testing are disclosed in Note 20.

      The retailer and service relationships were acquired through business combinations which related to the relationships with retailers and
      service centres.




146   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For the year ended December 31, 2023




19. Intangible Assets (continued)
    The above intangible assets, other than trademarks with indefinite useful lives, are amortized on a straight-line basis, at the following rates
    per annum:

    Deferred development costs                             141/3% – 331/3%
    Patents                                                10% – 25%
    Trademarks with finite useful lives                    62/3% – 10%
    Manufacturing know-how                                 10%
    Retailer and service relationships                     5% – 62/3%
    Non compete agreement                                  62/3%


20. Impairment Testing on Goodwill and Intangible Assets with Indefinite Useful Lives
    As explained in Note 5, the Group uses the types of goods sold as the basis for preparing the operating segment information. For the
    purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and trademarks with indefinite useful lives set out in Notes 18 and 19, the majority of the amounts
    have been allocated to four major individual CGUs, including three units in the Power Equipment segment and one unit in the Floorcare &
    Cleaning segment. The carrying amounts of goodwill and trademarks as at December 31, 2023 allocated to these units are as follows:

                                                                                       Goodwill                            Trademarks
                                                                                    2023              2022                2023              2022
                                                                                US$’000            US$’000            US$’000           US$’000
    Power Equipment – MET                                                       467,881            466,705            126,607            126,607
    Power Equipment – TTI OPE                                                    16,509             16,509             30,648             30,648
    Power Equipment – Drebo                                                      21,523             21,040                 —                  —
    Floorcare & Cleaning – RAM/Hoover/VAX                                        75,748             75,748             67,179             67,179
    Others                                                                       22,636             18,672                    6                 6

                                                                                604,297            598,674            224,440            224,440

    The basis of the recoverable amounts of the above CGUs and their major underlying assumptions are summarized below:

    Power Equipment – MET (“MET”)
    The recoverable amounts of MET’s goodwill and intangible assets have been determined based on a value in use calculation. That
    calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period and a discount rate
    of 8.0% (2022: 7.5%) per annum.

    Cash flow projections during the budget period for MET are based on management’s estimation of cash inflows/outflows including
    sales, gross margin, operating expenses and working capital requirements. The assumptions and estimations are based on MET’s past
    performance, management’s expectations of the market development, the success of the new products launched, managing the working
    capital and the continuance of costs controlling strategy implemented by the Group. Cash flow projections beyond the 5-year period are
    extrapolated using a steady 3.0% (2022: 3.0%) growth rate. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these
    assumptions would not cause the carrying amounts of MET’s goodwill and intangible assets to exceed the estimated recoverable amounts.

    Power Equipment – TTI OPE (“TTI OPE”)
    The recoverable amounts of TTI OPE’s goodwill and intangible assets have been determined based on a value in use calculation. That
    calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period, and a discount rate
    of 9.0% (2022: 9.0%) per annum.

    Cash flow projections during the budget period for TTI OPE are based on management’s estimation of cash inflows/outflows including
    sales, gross margin, operating expenses and working capital requirements. The assumptions and estimations are based on TTI OPE’s past
    performance, management’s expectations of the market development, the success of the new products launched and the continuance of
    costs controlling strategy implemented. Cash flow projections beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated without considering any growth
    rate. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the carrying amounts of TTI
    OPE’s goodwill and intangible assets to exceed the estimated recoverable amounts.




                                                                                                  Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       For the year ended December 31, 2023




20. Impairment Testing on Goodwill and Intangible Assets with Indefinite Useful Lives (continued)
      Power Equipment – Drebo (“Drebo”)
      The recoverable amounts of Drebo’s goodwill have been determined based on a value in use calculation. That calculation uses cash flow
      projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period, and a discount rate of 10.0% (2022: 9.5%)
      per annum.

      Cash flow projections during the budget period for Drebo are based on management’s estimation of cash inflows/outflows including
      sales, gross margin, operating expenses and working capital requirements. The assumptions and estimations are based on Drebo’s past
      performance, management’s expectations of the market development, the success of the new products launched and the continuance
      of costs controlling strategies implemented. Cash flow projections beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated using a 3.0% (2022: 3.0%)
      growth rate. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the carrying
      amounts of Drebo’s goodwill to exceed the estimated recoverable amount.

      Floorcare & Cleaning – RAM/Hoover/VAX (“RAM/Hoover/VAX”)
      The recoverable amounts of RAM/Hoover/VAX’s goodwill and intangible assets have been determined based on a value in use calculation.
      That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period, and a discount
      rate of 13.0% (2022: 12.5%) per annum.

      Cash flow projections during the budget period for RAM/Hoover/VAX are based on management’s estimation of cash inflows/outflows
      including sales, gross margin, operating expenses, capital expenditures and working capital requirements. The assumptions and
      estimations are based on RAM/Hoover/VAX’s past performance, management’s expectations of the market development, managing the
      working capital and the continuance of costs controlling strategies implemented. Cash flow projections beyond the 5-year period are
      extrapolated using a steady 2.0% (2022: 2.0%) growth rate. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these
      assumptions would not cause the carrying amounts of RAM/Hoover/VAX’s goodwill and intangibles to exceed the estimated aggregate
      recoverable amounts.

21. Interest in an Associate
                                                                                                                   2023                  2022
                                                                                                               US$’000              US$’000
      Cost of investment in an associate                                                                          1,470                  1,470
      Share of post-acquisition profits                                                                              586                  559

      Share of net assets                                                                                         2,056                  2,029

      Summarized financial information in respect of an associate, Wuerth Master Power Tools Limited (“Wuerth”), is set out below. The
      summarized financial information below represents amounts shown in Wuerth’s financial statements prepared in accordance with
      HKFRSs.

      Wuerth is accounted for using equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                                                   2023                  2022
                                                                                                               US$’000              US$’000
      Non-current assets                                                                                          2,642                  1,944
      Current assets                                                                                              8,739                  7,490
      Current liabilities                                                                                         7,186                  5,293

      Net assets                                                                                                  4,195                  4,141


                                                                                                                   2023                  2022
                                                                                                               US$’000              US$’000
      Profit for the year                                                                                             54                    8




148   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                  For the year ended December 31, 2023




21. Interest in an Associate (continued)
    Reconciliation of the above summarized financial information to the carrying amount of the interest in Wuerth recognized in the
    consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                                                                         2023                    2022
                                                                                                                                    US$’000                  US$’000
    Net assets                                                                                                                          4,195                   4,141
    Proportion of the Group’s ownership interest                                                                                       49.0%                   49.0%
    The Group’s share of net assets                                                                                                     2,056                   2,029
    Carrying amount of the Group’s interest                                                                                             2,056                   2,029

    Particulars of an associate as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 are set out in Note 52.

22. Financial Assets at FVTPL
                                                                                                                                         2023                    2022
                                                                                                                     Notes          US$’000                  US$’000
    Club membership debentures                                                                                         (a)              4,887                   4,899
    Unlisted equity securities                                                                                        (b)               3,800                   4,800
    Listed equity securities                                                                                           (c)            26,114                   13,466
    Other                                                                                                                                   45                      45

                                                                                                                                      34,846                   23,210


    Analyzed for reporting purposes as:
    Current assets                                                                                                                    26,114                   13,466
    Non-current assets                                                                                                                  8,732                   9,744

                                                                                                                                      34,846                   23,210

    Notes:
    (a) As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the club membership debentures measured at fair value with reference to recent transaction prices for similar comparables
        with similar characteristics.
    (b) As at December 31, 2023, the unlisted equity securities represented the interests in private companies incorporated in the United States of America (“US”). The
        fair value was arrived at with reference to the latest purchase price per share arising on subscribing for the shares in a private market.
    (c) The Group’s listed equity securities were carried at fair value using the market bid prices on the reporting date.




                                                                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023       149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For the year ended December 31, 2023




23. Finance lease receivables
      The finance lease receivables represent the sublease arrangement entered by the Group as a lessor for land and building during the year.
      The term of finance lease entered into is approximately four years. The interest rate inherent in the lease is fixed at the contract date over
      the lease term.

                                                                                                                         Present value of
                                                                         Minimum lease payments                      minimum lease payments
                                                                                2023                 2022                  2023                  2022
                                                                            US$’000              US$’000               US$’000               US$’000
      Finance lease receivables comprise:
        Within one year                                                        2,821                2,746                 2,706                 2,589
        In the second year                                                     2,899                2,821                 2,828                 2,706
        In the third year                                                      2,979                2,899                 2,953                 2,828
        In the fourth year                                                        —                 2,979                    —                  2,953

                                                                               8,699               11,445                 8,487               11,076
      Less: Unearned finance income                                             (212)                 (369)                  N/A                  N/A

      Present value of minimum lease payment receivables                       8,487               11,076                 8,487               11,076

      Analyzed as:
        Current                                                                                                           2,706                 2,589
        Non-current                                                                                                       5,781                 8,487

                                                                                                                          8,487               11,076

      Interest rate implicit in the above finance lease was 1.60% (2022:1.60%).

      The Group is not exposed to foreign currency risk as a result of the lease arrangement, as the finance lease is denominated in the
      respective functional currency of the group entity.

      Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 37.2.4.

24. Inventories
                                                                                                                           2023                  2022
                                                                                                                       US$’000               US$’000
      Raw materials                                                                                                    837,642               870,652
      Work in progress                                                                                                   97,318              102,190
      Finished goods                                                                                                 3,163,201             4,112,109

                                                                                                                     4,098,161             5,084,951


25. Right to Returned Goods Asset/Refund Liabilities from Right of Return
      The right to returned goods asset represents the Group’s right to recover products from customers where customers exercise their right of
      return under the Group’s various returns policies.

      The refund liabilities relate to customers’ right to return products within certain days of purchase. At the point of sale, a refund liability and
      a corresponding adjustment to revenue is recognized for the sold products expected to be returned.

      The Group uses its accumulated historical experience to estimate the dollar value of returns on a portfolio level based on the expected
      return level.




150   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For the year ended December 31, 2023




26. Trade and Other Receivables
                                                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                                                                 US$’000              US$’000
    Trade receivables                                                                                          1,757,327            1,559,646
    Less: Allowances for credit losses                                                                            (57,848)             (58,387)

                                                                                                               1,699,479            1,501,259
    Other receivables                                                                                            112,113              138,304

                                                                                                               1,811,592            1,639,563

    As at January 1, 2022, all trade receivables amounted US$1,900,147,000 are derived from contracts with customers.

    The ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of allowances for credit losses, presented on the basis of the revenue recognition date, which
    is usually the invoice date, at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                                                                 US$’000              US$’000
    0 to 60 days                                                                                               1,291,677            1,090,446
    61 to 120 days                                                                                               335,205              328,173
    121 days or above                                                                                              72,597               82,640

    Total trade receivables                                                                                    1,699,479            1,501,259

    Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential customer’s credit quality and
    defines credit limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers are reviewed regularly. Trade receivables that are neither past
    due nor impaired have the best credit scoring attributable under the internal credit scoring system used by the Group.

    As at December 31, 2023, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying amount of
    US$317,836,000 (2022: US$315,617,000) which are past due as at the reporting date. The past due over 90 days balances that are
    presumed in default in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy of US$26,022,000 (2022: US$29,486,000) are not considered as
    in default as they are due from a number of independent customers that have a good payment track record with the Group.

    The Group had a policy of allowing credit periods ranging mainly from 30 days to 120 days.

    In accordance with receivables purchase agreements, certain trade receivables have been factored to banks (the “Factored Trade
    Receivables”). As the Group still retained the credit risks with respect to default payments, the Group has continued to recognize the
    Factored Trade Receivables in the consolidated statement of financial position. At the end of the reporting period, proceeds from the
    Factored Trade Receivables of US$19,500,000 (2022: US$54,426,000) were recognized as liabilities and included in “Unsecured
    borrowings – due within one year” in the consolidated statement of financial position.

27. Bills Receivable
    All the Group’s bills receivable at December 31, 2023 and 2022 are aged within 120 days based on invoice date.

28. Trade Receivables from an Associate
    The trade receivables from an associate are aged within 120 days based on invoice date and are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are
    repayable on demand.




                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023    151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




29. Derivative Financial Instruments
                                                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                                                                  US$’000             US$’000
      Assets
      Acquisition right of certain property, plant and equipment                                                     8,084               8,002
      Foreign currency forward contracts – under hedge accounting                                                    8,461              49,146
      Foreign currency forward contracts – not under hedge accounting                                                  652              10,564
      Cross-currency interest rate swaps – under hedge accounting                                                    5,342              17,064

                                                                                                                   22,539               84,776


                                                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                                                                  US$’000             US$’000
      Liabilities
      Foreign currency forward contracts – under hedge accounting                                                  14,815               50,474
      Foreign currency forward contracts – not under hedge accounting                                                1,247                  —

                                                                                                                   16,062               50,474


      Acquisition Right of Certain PP&E
      As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Group owned a right to acquire certain PP&E which was acquired as part of the acquisition of
      the Oreck business from the Oreck Bankruptcy Estate. The right is expected to be exercised in 2032. The fair value of the PP&E was
      US$8,084,000 valued on September 30, 2023 (2022: US$8,002,000 valued on September 30, 2022) by Kroll, an independent valuer not
      related to the Group.

      Foreign Currency Forward Contracts
      The fair values of foreign currency forward contracts are measured using quoted forward exchange rates and yield curves derived from
      quoted interest rates matching maturities of the contracts.

      Foreign Currency Forward Contracts under Hedge Accounting
      At the end of the reporting period, the Group had the following foreign currency forward contracts designated as highly effective hedging
      instruments in order to manage the Group’s foreign currency exposure in relation to future foreign currency sales. The terms of the foreign
      exchange contracts have been negotiated to match the terms of the respective designated hedged items.




152   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




29. Derivative Financial Instruments (continued)
    Foreign Currency Forward Contracts under Hedge Accounting (continued)
    Major terms of the foreign currency forward contracts under hedge accounting are as follows:

    2023

     Notional amounts in millions (“M”)                                  Maturity
     Sell AUD 411.0M, Buy US$                                            January 30, 2024 to December 30, 2024
     Sell EUR 645.0M, Buy US$                                            January 26, 2024 to December 27, 2024
     Sell US$ 266.9M, Buy RMB                                            January 26, 2024 to December 27, 2024
     Sell US$ 485.5M, Buy EUR                                            January 11, 2024 to July 3, 2025
     Sell GBP 30.9M, Buy EUR                                             January 11, 2024 to June 13, 2024
     Sell GBP 57.1M, Buy US$                                             January 5, 2024 to December 5, 2024
     Sell CHF 3.8M, Buy EUR                                              January 11, 2024 to December 12, 2024
     Sell PLN 159.0M, Buy EUR                                            January 11, 2024 to December 12, 2024
     Sell CAD 475.4M, Buy US$                                            January 31, 2024 to June 28, 2024
     Sell MXN 284.7M, Buy US$                                            January 31, 2024 to June 28, 2024

    2022

     Notional amounts in M                                               Maturity
     Sell AUD 575.5M, Buy US$                                            January 30, 2023 to December 28, 2023
     Sell EUR 545.0M, Buy US$                                            January 26, 2023 to December 28, 2023
     Sell US$ 44.9M, Buy HK$                                             January 5, 2023 to February 16, 2023
     Sell US$ 877.6M, Buy RMB                                            January 30, 2023 to December 29, 2023
     Sell US$ 103.8M, Buy EUR                                            January 5, 2023 to December 21, 2023
     Sell GBP 59.1M, Buy US$                                             January 6, 2023 to December 22, 2023
     Sell GBP 70.5M, Buy EUR                                             January 12, 2023 to December 18, 2023
     Sell CHF 7.0M, Buy EUR                                              January 12, 2023 to December 14, 2023
     Sell NOK 68.0M, Buy EUR                                             January 12, 2023 to March 9, 2023

    For the foreign currency forward contracts held at December 31, 2023, a fair value loss of US$6,221,000 (December 31, 2022: fair value
    loss of US$171,465,000) has been recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in hedging reserve and is expected to
    be reclassified to profit or loss upon maturity.

    During the year, a fair value loss of US$1,265,000 (2022: fair value gain of US$84,333,000) was reclassified from reserves to profit or loss
    upon maturity.

    Major terms of the foreign currency forward contracts not under hedge accounting are as follows:

    2023

     Notional amounts in M                                               Maturity
     Buy EUR 2.4M, Sell AUD                                              January 19, 2024 to December 20, 2024
     Buy US$ 25.8M, Sell AUD                                             January 17, 2024 to December 20, 2024
     Buy US$ 49.0M, Sell NZD                                             January 17, 2024 to December 20, 2024

    2022

     Notional amounts in M                                               Maturity
     Buy EUR 3.0M, Sell AUD                                              January 23, 2023 to December 21, 2023
     Buy US$ 70.4M, Sell AUD                                             January 20, 2023 to December 22, 2023
     Buy US$ 62.2M, Sell NZD                                             January 24, 2023 to December 22, 2023
     Buy US$ 244.8M, Sell CAD                                            January 31, 2023 to June 30, 2023



                                                                                                Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS              For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




29. Derivative Financial Instruments (continued)
      Cross-currency Interest Rate Swaps
      The Group uses cross-currency interest rate swaps designated as effective hedging instrument to minimize its exposures to interest rate
      risk on US$ and HK$ floating borrowings and foreign currency risk on the intercompany advances which affects the consolidated profit or
      loss.

      The cross-currency interest rate swaps with total notional amount of US$144,180,000 (2022: US$210,300,000) have fixed currency
      payments in EUR at exchange rate of EUR to US$ at 1.102 and 1.077 (2022: at 1.102 and 1.077) and fixed interest payments monthly
      in EUR at 0.305% and 0.520% per annum (2022: 0.305% and 0.520% per annum) for periods up until October 2024, April 2024, April
      2025 (2022: October 2023, October 2024, April 2024 and April 2025).

      The Group also has HK$750,000,000 fixed currency payments in HK$ at exchange rate of EUR to HK$ at 8.5190 and fixed interest
      payments monthly in EUR at 4.068% per annum for periods up until July 2025.

      The floating rate index and the currency exposure of the cross-currency interest rate swaps match with the floating rate US$ and HK$
      bank borrowings and the currency exposure of the intercompany advances respectively.

      During the year, a fair value loss of US$11,722,000 (December 31, 2022: fair value gain of US$23,461,000) has been recognized in
      other comprehensive income and accumulated in hedging reserve and is expected to be reclassified to profit or loss.

      The fair value of the cross-currency interest rate swaps is determined by using the discounted cash flow method based on Secured
      Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) yield curves, Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) yield curves and the forward exchange
      rates between US$ and EUR & HK$ and EUR estimated at the end of the reporting period.

      Major terms of the cross-currency interest rate swaps were as follows:

      2023

      Notional amounts                      Maturity                               Receive floating                        Pay fixed
      US$99,180,000                         October 9, 2024                        SOFR +0.96448%                          0.305%
      US$18,000,000                         April 23, 2024                         SOFR +0.96448%                          0.520%
      US$27,000,000                         April 23, 2025                         SOFR +0.96448%                          0.520%
      HK$750,000,000                        July 3, 2025                           HIBOR +0.68%                            4.068%

      2022

      Notional amounts                      Maturity                               Receive floating*                       Pay fixed
      US$66,120,000                         October 16, 2023                       LIBOR +0.85%                            0.305%
      US$99,180,000                         October 9, 2024                        LIBOR +0.85%                            0.305%
      US$18,000,000                         April 23, 2024                         LIBOR +0.85%                            0.520%
      US$27,000,000                         April 23, 2025                         LIBOR +0.85%                            0.520%

      *   The receive floating would be changed from “London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) + 0.85%” to “SOFR + Credit Adjustment Spread + 0.85%” on rate switch
          date June 30, 2023.



30. Bank Balances, Deposits and Cash
      Bank balances carry interest at market rates which ranged from 0.05% to 6.18% (2022: 0.001% to 6.00%) per annum.




154   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




31. Trade and Other Payables
    The ageing analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                                       2023                  2022
                                                                                                                   US$’000               US$’000
    0 to 60 days                                                                                                 1,017,375             1,306,486
    61 to 120 days                                                                                                  495,930              533,961
    121 days or above                                                                                               142,062              232,838

    Total trade payables                                                                                         1,655,367             2,073,285
    Other payables                                                                                               1,749,394             1,764,488

    Total trade and other payables                                                                               3,404,761             3,837,773
    Non-current portion of other payables                                                                           (31,530)              (60,346)

                                                                                                                 3,373,231             3,777,427

    The credit period on the purchase of goods ranges from 30 days to 120 days (2022: 30 days to 120 days). The Group has financial risk
    management policies in place to ensure that all payables are settled within the credit time frame.

    The other payables mainly represents accruals of various selling, general and administrative expenses of US$1,621,560,000 (2022:
    US$1,554,656,000). The non-current other payables mainly represents accruals of long-term incentive benefits offered to certain
    management executives of the Group.

32. Bills Payable
    All the Group’s bills payable at December 31, 2023 and 2022 are aged within 120 days based on invoice date.

33. Warranty Provision
                                                                                                                                        US$’000
    At January 1, 2022                                                                                                                   182,765
    Currency realignment                                                                                                                   (3,610)
    Provision in the year                                                                                                                157,724
    Utilization of provision                                                                                                            (131,529)

    At December 31, 2022                                                                                                                 205,350
    Currency realignment                                                                                                                   1,213
    Provision in the year                                                                                                               159,173
    Utilization of provision                                                                                                           (130,139)

    At December 31, 2023                                                                                                                235,597

    The warranty provision represents management’s best estimate of the Group’s service commitments arising from products sold, based
    on past claims and industry averages for defective products. It is expected that the majority of this expenditure will be utilized in the next
    financial year.




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023    155
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




34. Lease Liabilities
                                                                                                                      2023                 2022
                                                                                                                  US$’000              US$’000
      Amounts payable under lease liabilities:
        Within one year                                                                                            153,523              139,520
        In more than one year but not more than two years                                                          138,297              110,402
        In more than two years but not more than five years                                                        262,697              224,702
        More than five years                                                                                       333,375              230,457

                                                                                                                   887,892              705,081
      Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under current liabilities                            (153,523)            (139,520)

      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current liabilities                                734,369              565,561

      The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities ranged from 1.10% to 4.90% (2022: from 1.10% to 2.80%).

      Lease obligations that are denominated in major currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant group entities are set out
      below:

                                                                                      EUR               AUD               VND               GBP
                                                                                  US$’000          US$’000           US$’000          US$’000
      As at December 31, 2023                                                      78,840            73,908           34,194            27,227
      As at December 31, 2022                                                       35,387            18,811           49,654            22,340


35. Discounted Bills with Recourse
      Bills discounted with banks at an effective interest rate of 5.14% per annum (2022: 2.01% per annum) have maturity profiles of less than
      120 days.




156   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS               For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




36. Capital Risk Management
   The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while maximizing the return
   to shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balances. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior
   years.

   The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt which includes unsecured borrowings and discounted bills with recourse, net of
   cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to Owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital, reserves and retained
   profits.

   Gearing Ratio
   The Group’s management reviews the capital structure on a semi-annual basis. As part of this review, the management considers the cost
   of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The Group has a target gearing ratio of not exceeding 35% determined as the
   proportion of net debt to equity. The Group will continue to execute very disciplined control and management of its working capital and
   generate free cash inflows through the growth of the business.

   The gearing ratio at the year end was as follows:

                                                                                                                                        2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                   US$’000               US$’000
   Bank balances, deposits and cash                                                                                                 953,240            1,428,930
   Debt(i)                                                                                                                      (1,934,330)           (3,098,526)

   Net debt                                                                                                                        (981,090)          (1,669,596)
   Equity(ii)                                                                                                                    5,747,550             5,205,481
   Net debt to equity ratio                                                                                                          17.07%              32.07%

   (i)   Debt comprises discounted bills with recourse and unsecured borrowings but excludes bank advances from Factored Trade Receivables as detailed in Notes 35,
         38 and 26 respectively.
   (ii) Equity includes all capital and reserves attributable to the owners of the Company.


   In addition, based on management recommendations, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of
   dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.




                                                                                                              Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023          157
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




37. Financial Instruments
      37.1 Categories of Financial Instruments
                                                                                                2023        2022
                                                                                             US$’000     US$’000
           Financial assets
           FVTPL
             Financial assets at FVTPL                                                        34,846      23,210

                                                                                              34,846      23,210

           Derivative financial instruments
             Acquisition right of certain property, plant and equipment                        8,084       8,002
             Foreign currency forward contracts – under hedge accounting                       8,461      49,146
             Foreign currency forward contracts – not under hedge accounting                     652      10,564
             Cross-currency interest rate swaps – under hedge accounting                       5,342      17,064

                                                                                              22,539      84,776

           Financial assets at amortized cost
             Trade and other receivables                                                    1,811,592   1,639,563
             Bills receivable                                                                  8,423       6,887
             Trade receivables from an associate                                               6,927       5,026
             Bank balances, deposits and cash                                                953,240    1,428,930

                                                                                            2,780,182   3,080,406

           Financial liabilities
           Derivative financial instruments
             Foreign currency forward contracts – under hedge accounting                      14,815      50,474
             Foreign currency forward contracts – not under hedge accounting                   1,247          —

                                                                                              16,062      50,474

           Financial liabilities at amortized cost
             Trade and other payables                                                       3,404,761   3,837,773
             Bills payable                                                                    18,424      20,267
             Discounted bills with recourse                                                    2,708       2,003
             Unsecured borrowings                                                           1,951,122   3,150,949

                                                                                            5,377,015   7,010,992




158   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                   For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
    37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies
         The Group’s corporate treasury function provides risk management advice to the business units, co-ordinates access to domestic
         and international financial markets, monitors and manages the financial risks relating to the operations of the Group through
         internal risk reports which analyze exposures by degree and magnitude of risks. These financial risks include market risk (including
         currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

         The Group seeks to minimize the effects of these risks by using derivative financial instruments or natural hedges to mitigate these
         risk exposures. The use of financial derivatives is governed by the Group’s policies approved by the board of directors, which
         provide written principles on foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, the use of financial derivatives and non-derivative
         financial instruments, and the investment of excess liquidity. Compliance with policies is reviewed internally on a continuous basis.
         The Group does not enter into or trade derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.

         37.2.1 FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK MANAGEMENT
               Subsidiaries of the Group have foreign currency sales and purchases, which exposes the Group to foreign currency risk.
               Approximately 21.8% (2022: 21.2%) of the Group’s sales are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency
               of the group entity making the sale, whilst 16.4% (2022: 12.7%) of purchases are denominated in the group entity’s
               respective functional currency.

               The carrying amounts of certain significant foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the
               reporting date are as follows:

                                                                                              Liabilities                                   Assets
                                                                                           2023                  2022                  2023                 2022
                                                                                       US$’000               US$’000              US$’000               US$’000
               Foreign Currency
               EUR                                                                     510,754               303,238              566,186               340,216
               US$                                                                   7,010,431              5,400,972           1,839,858             1,884,521

               Note: For group entities with their functional currency as the US$, monetary assets and monetary liabilities denominated in HK$ have no material
                     foreign currency risk exposure as the HK$ is pegged with the US$.


               The Group requires its group entities to use foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce the currency exposure. The
               foreign exchange forward contracts must be in the same currency as the hedged item. On this basis, the Group has entered
               into forward contracts in relation to the foreign currency amounting to US$248,517,000 (2022: US$519,161,000). It is the
               Group’s policy to negotiate the terms of the hedge derivatives to match the terms of the hedged item to maximize hedge
               effectiveness (see Note 29 for details).

               The Group also uses cross-currency interest rate swaps to reduce currency exposure to hedge against the debts which are
               effective to convert the foreign currency debts to the functional currency of the relevant group entity. The critical terms of
               these currency swaps are similar to those of hedged borrowings.




                                                                                                             Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023             159
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS              For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
      37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
           37.2.1 FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

                  Sensitivity Analysis
                  The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2022: 5%) increase and decrease in the functional currency
                  against foreign currency. 5% (2022: 5%) is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to
                  key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in the foreign
                  exchange rate. The sensitivity analysis includes outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and excludes the
                  effect of cross-currency interest rate swaps held at the reporting date. A positive number below indicates an increase in profit
                  for the year where functional currency weakens 5% (2022: 5%) against foreign currency. For a 5% (2022: 5%) strengthening
                  of functional currency against the foreign currency, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit for the year
                  and the amounts below would be negative.

                                                                                              Impact of US$                              Impact of EUR
                                                                                               2023                 2022                 2023                 2022
                                                                                          US$’000               US$’000              US$’000              US$’000
                  Profit for the year  (i)
                                                                                         (239,113)             (163,703)                 2,563                1,721

                  (i)   This is mainly attributable to the net exposure on receivables, payables and unsecured borrowings denominated in US$ & EUR as foreign currency
                        at the reporting date.



           37.2.2 INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT
                  The Group’s exposure to interest rates on financial assets and liabilities is detailed in the liquidity risk management section of
                  this note. The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate borrowings (see Note 38 for details
                  of these borrowings) and bank balances and deposits. The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on
                  SOFR and EURO Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) arising from the Group’s US$ and EUR denominated borrowings. In
                  relation to interest bearing bank balances and deposits, the Group considers the interest rate risk to be low. The management
                  continuously monitors interest rate fluctuations and will consider further hedging the interest rate risk should the need arise.

                  The Group is also exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate unsecured borrowings (see Note 38 for details
                  of these borrowings), discounted bills with recourse, finance lease receivables and lease liabilities.

                  During the year, the Group obtained new unsecured borrowings of US$5,597 million (2022: US$4,839 million) which are
                  either at a fixed rate, SOFR, HIBOR, Shanghai Interbank Offered Rate (“SHIBOR”) or EURIBOR based. The proceeds were
                  used for refinancing the Group’s borrowings.




160   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
    37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
         37.2.2 INTEREST RATE RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

              Sensitivity analysis
              The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for non-derivative instruments at
              the end of the reporting period. The analysis is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end of the
              reporting period was outstanding for the whole year without considering the cross-currency interest rate swaps entered at the
              end of the reporting period. A 50 basis points (2022: 50 basis points) increase or decrease in SOFR and EURIBOR is used
              when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the
              reasonably possible change in interest rates.

              If interest rates had been 50 basis points (2022: 50 basis points) higher/lower and all other variables were held constant,
              the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended December 31, 2023 would decrease/increase by US$4,750,000 (2022:
              decrease/increase by US$10,004,000). This is mainly attributable to the Group’s exposure to interest rates on its variable-rate
              borrowings.

              The Group’s sensitivity to interest rates has decreased during the current period mainly due to the decrease in variable-rate
              debt instruments.

         37.2.3 OTHER PRICE RISK
              The Group is exposed to price risk mainly through its listed equity securities.

              Sensitivity analysis
              The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to equity price risks of listed equity securities
              measured at fair value at the reporting date.

              If the prices of the listed equity securities had been 10% higher, the profit before tax for the year ended December 31, 2023
              of the Group would have increased by US$2,611,000 (2022: increase by US$1,347,000) as a result of the changes in the
              fair values of the listed equity securities.

         37.2.4 CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT AND IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT
              As at December 31, 2023, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss to the Group
              amounted to US$2,788,669,000 (2022: US$3,091,482,000). The Group’s credit risk exposures are primarily attributable
              to trade and other receivables, bills receivables, trade receivables from an associate, finance lease receivables and bank
              balances and deposits. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements to cover its credit risk
              associated with its financial assets.

              Trade receivables arising from contracts with customers
              In order to minimize the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of
              credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system
              to assess the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to
              customers are reviewed twice a year. Other monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to
              recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group performs impairment assessment using an ECL model on trade receivables
              collectively which are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to the Group’s internal credit ratings.
              In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

              The Group has concentration of credit risk as 27.0% (2022: 31.6%) and 41.7% (2022: 49.1%) of the total trade receivables
              were due from the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers respectively. In order to minimize the credit risk,
              the management of Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals.




                                                                                                Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   161
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS              For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
      37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
           37.2.4 CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT AND IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT (continued)

                  Bank balances and deposits
                  The credit risks on bank balances and deposits are limited because the counterparties are banks/financial institutions with
                  high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.

                  The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

                                                                                                                                           Other financial assets/
                  Internal credit rating          Description                                                  Trade receivables           Other items
                  Minimal risk                    The counterparty has minimal risk of default and             Lifetime ECL –         12m ECL
                                                    does not have any past-due amounts.                           not credit-impaired
                  Low risk                        The counterparty has a low risk of default and               Lifetime ECL –         12m ECL
                                                    occasionally repays after due dates.                          not credit-impaired
                  Medium risk                     The counterparty has a medium risk of default                Lifetime ECL –         12m ECL
                                                    and occasionally repays after due dates.                      not credit-impaired
                  High risk                       There have been significant increases in credit      Lifetime ECL –         Lifetime ECL –
                                                    risk since initial recognition through information    not credit-impaired    not credit-impaired
                                                    developed internally or external resources.
                  Loss                            There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-            Lifetime ECL –              Lifetime ECL –
                                                    impaired.                                                     credit-impaired             credit-impaired
                  Write-off                       There is evidence indicating that the debtor is              Amount is written off       Amount is written off
                                                    in severe financial difficulty and the Group
                                                    has no realistic prospect of recovery.

                  The tables below detail the credit risk exposure of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to ECL assessment:

                                                                                                                 2023                               2022
                                                                    Internal                            External           Gross           External           Gross
                                                                      credit     12m or                   credit         carrying            credit         carrying
                                                        Notes         rating     lifetime ECL             rating         amount              rating         amount
                                                                                                                       US$’000                             US$’000
                  Trade receivables                       26       (Note 1)      Lifetime ECL                 N/A 1,757,327                     N/A      1,559,646
                                                                                    (not credit-
                                                                                    impaired)
                  Other receivables                       26       (Note 2)      12m ECL                      N/A      112,113                  N/A        138,304


                  Bills receivable                        27            N/A      12m ECL               A To AA-            8,423          A To AA-            6,887


                  Trade receivables from an               28       (Note 2)      12m ECL                      N/A          6,927                N/A           5,026
                    associate


                  Finance lease receivables               23       (Note 2)      12m ECL                      N/A          8,487                N/A          11,076


                  Bank balances and deposits              30            N/A      12m ECL               A To AA-        953,240             A To A+       1,428,930

                  Notes:
                  1.   For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. The Group
                       determines the ECL on these items by using a collective assessment grouped by internal credit rating.
                  2.   Trade receivables from an associate and other receivables amounted to US$6,927,000 and US$112,113,000 (2022: US$5,026,000 and
                       US$138,304,000) respectively have no fixed repayment terms. The Group has assessed these balances on a 12m ECL basis as there has been no
                       significant increase in the credit risk since initial recognition.



162   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
    37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
         37.2.4 CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT AND IMPAIRMENT ASSESSMENT (continued)
             As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating for its customers in relation to its
             operations. The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and ECL for trade receivables which are
             assessed collectively as at December 31, 2023.

                                                             2023                                                 2022
                                                                Gross       Allowances                                Gross       Allowances
                                              Average         carrying        for credit           Average          carrying         for credit
                                             loss rate        amount              losses          loss rate         amount              losses
                                                             US$’000          US$’000                              US$’000          US$’000
             Internal credit rating
             Minimal risk              Less than 1%          319,352                  —      Less than 1%          346,104                  —
             Low risk                           1-5%       1,380,461            35,202               1-5%        1,164,637            34,766
             Medium risk                      6-20%            32,308            2,919              6-20%            22,582             2,525
             High risk                     Over 20%            25,206           19,727           Over 20%            26,323           21,096

                                                           1,757,327            57,848                           1,559,646            58,387

             The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the debtors and
             forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management
             to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is updated.

             As at December 31, 2023, the Group provided US$57,848,000 (2022: US$58,387,000) for credit losses allowances for trade
             receivables.

             The Group writes off trade receivables when there is information indicating that the debtors are in severe financial difficulties
             and there is no realistic prospect of recovery.

             The following table shows the movement in the lifetime ECL that has been recognized for trade receivables under the
             simplified approach.

                                                                                                                               Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                                       (not credit-impaired)
                                                                                                                                   US$’000
             As at January 1, 2022                                                                                                    75,913
             Currency realignment                                                                                                        (511)
             Impairment losses reversed upon settlement in full of trade debtors with a gross carrying amount
               of US$1,566,204,000                                                                                                   (70,655)
             Impairment losses recognized on new trade receivables with a gross carrying amount
               of US$1,213,542,000                                                                                                    58,387
             Write-offs                                                                                                                (4,747)

             As at December 31, 2022                                                                                                  58,387
             Currency realignment                                                                                                        666
             Impairment losses reversed upon settlement in full of trade debtors with a gross carrying amount of
               US$1,202,599,000                                                                                                     (48,110)
             Impairment losses recognized on new trade receivables with a gross carrying amount of
               US$1,437,975,000                                                                                                      57,848
             Write-offs                                                                                                             (10,943)

             As at December 31, 2023                                                                                                 57,848




                                                                                              Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023      163
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
      37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
           37.2.5 LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT
                  Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the board of directors, which has built an appropriate
                  liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium and long-term funding and liquidity
                  management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and
                  reserve borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and matching the maturity profiles of
                  financial assets and liabilities.

                  As at December 31, 2023, the Group has available unutilized overdrafts facilities and short and medium term bank
                  loan facilities of approximately US$307 million (2022: US$306 million) and US$5,468 million (2022: US$3,570 million)
                  respectively.

                  Liquidity Tables
                  The following tables detail the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities and derivative instruments.
                  The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flow of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on
                  which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for non-derivative financial liabilities are based on agreed
                  repayment dates. The table includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that the interest flows are floating
                  rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from the interest rate curve at the end of the reporting period.

                  In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial instruments. The tables have
                  been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual net cash inflows and (outflows) on derivative instruments that settle
                  on a net basis, and the undiscounted gross inflows and (outflows) on those derivatives that require gross settlement. When
                  the amount payable is not fixed, the amount disclosed has been determined by reference to the foreign currency exchange
                  rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period. The liquidity analysis for the Group’s derivative financial instruments are
                  prepared based on the contractual maturities/settlement as the management considers that the contractual maturities are
                  essential for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows of derivatives.




164   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                       For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
    37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
         37.2.5 LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

              Liquidity Tables (continued)
                                                               Weighted                                                                                            Total carrying
                                                                 average     Less than                                                                       Total    amount at
                                                                effective     1 month/          1-3      4 months-                                   undiscounted December 31,
                                                            interest rate   on demand        months         1 year       1-2 years       2+ years      cash flows          2023
                                                                       %      US$’000       US$’000       US$’000        US$’000         US$’000         US$’000       US$’000
              2023
              Non-derivative financial liabilities
                Trade and other payables                              —     (2,239,051)    (841,826)     (292,354)        (27,702)         (3,828)    (3,404,761)     (3,404,761)
                Bills payable                                         —         (1,568)       (5,692)      (11,164)            —               —         (18,424)        (18,424)
                Lease liabilities                          1.10%-4.90%         (12,794)      (25,715)    (117,733)       (142,446)      (631,837)       (930,525)       (887,892)
                Discounted bills with recourse                   5.14%            (124)       (2,607)          —               —              —           (2,731)         (2,708)
                Unsecured borrowings                       0.31%-6.47%       (585,282)     (143,808)     (196,747)       (283,853)      (807,711)     (2,017,401)     (1,951,122)
                Refund liabilities from right of return              —          (7,226)          —          (8,989)            —              —          (16,215)        (16,215)

                                                                            (2,846,045)   (1,019,648)    (626,987)       (454,001)     (1,443,376)    (6,390,057)     (6,281,122)

              2023
              Derivatives – net settlement
                Acquisition right of certain
                  property, plant and equipment                       —             —             —             —              —           8,084           8,084           8,084
                Cross-currency interest rate
                  swaps contracts                                     —           872         1,657         1,853           1,259              —           5,641           5,342
                Foreign currency forward contracts – US$              —            —            282         (1,990)            —               —          (1,708)         (1,708)

                                                                                  872         1,939           (137)         1,259          8,084          12,017          11,718

              Derivatives – gross settlement
                Foreign currency forward contracts
                  – inflow
                     – EUR                                            —        13,746        24,779        68,672              —               —        107,197         107,197
                     – RMB                                            —            —             —        266,179              —               —        266,179         266,179
                     – GBP                                            —         6,592        12,282        53,009              —               —          71,883          71,883
                     – US$                                            —       122,629       559,778       656,477         99,625               —       1,438,509      1,438,509
                     – AUD                                            —         4,650        12,720        10,908             —                —          28,278          28,278
                     – NZD                                            —         6,067        10,940        31,755              —               —          48,762          48,762

                                                                              153,684       620,499     1,087,000         99,625               —       1,960,808      1,960,808

                  – outflow
                     – EUR                                            —        (13,865)      (24,948)      (68,876)            —               —        (107,689)       (107,689)
                     – RMB                                            —             —             —      (266,909)             —               —        (266,909)       (266,909)
                     – GBP                                            —         (6,628)      (12,368)      (53,643)            —               —         (72,639)        (72,639)
                     – US$                                            —      (123,942)     (558,486)     (659,497)        (99,255)             —      (1,441,180)     (1,441,180)
                     – AUD                                            —         (4,361)      (11,966)      (11,302)            —               —         (27,629)        (27,629)
                     – NZD                                            —         (6,130)      (11,043)      (32,830)            —               —         (50,003)        (50,003)

                                                                             (154,926)     (618,811)    (1,093,057)       (99,255)             —      (1,966,049)     (1,966,049)

                                                                                (1,242)       1,688         (6,057)          370               —          (5,241)         (5,241)




                                                                                                                      Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023               165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                       For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
    37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
           37.2.5 LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
                  Liquidity Tables (continued)
                                                                      Weighted                                                                                          Total carrying
                                                                        average      Less than                                                                 Total       amount at
                                                                       effective     1 month/          1-3     4 months-                               undiscounted    December 31,
                                                                   interest rate   on demand        months        1 year     1-2 years     2+ years       cash flows            2022
                                                                              %       US$’000      US$’000      US$’000      US$’000       US$’000         US$’000           US$’000
                  2022
                  Non-derivative financial liabilities
                    Trade and other payables                                 —     (2,546,096)    (712,597)     (518,734)     (45,447)     (14,899)      (3,837,773)      (3,837,773)
                    Bills payable                                            —         (2,435)       (7,672)     (10,160)          —            —           (20,267)         (20,267)
                    Lease liabilities                          1.10% — 2.80%          (11,627)     (23,339)     (106,367)    (112,831)    (475,186)        (729,350)        (705,081)
                    Discounted bills with recourse                      2.01%              —         (2,010)          —            —            —            (2,010)          (2,003)
                    Unsecured borrowings                       0.31% — 5.14%       (1,097,300)    (391,972)     (474,959)    (310,149)    (944,917)      (3,219,297)      (3,150,949)
                    Refund liabilities from right of return                —          (10,840)          —          (6,737)         —            —           (17,577)         (17,577)

                                                                                   (3,668,298)   (1,137,590)   (1,116,957)   (468,427)   (1,435,002)     (7,826,274)      (7,733,650)

                  2022
                  Derivatives – net settlement
                    Acquisition right of certain
                      property, plant and equipment                          —             —             —             —           —         8,002            8,002            8,002
                    Cross-currency interest rate
                      swaps contracts                                        —            894        1,874         8,193        7,025          352           18,338           17,064
                    Foreign currency forward contracts – US$                 —             —         1,488         1,628           —            —             3,116            3,116

                                                                                          894        3,362         9,821        7,025        8,354           29,456           28,182

                  Derivatives – gross settlement
                    Foreign currency forward contracts
                       – inflow
                         – HK$                                               —         33,820       11,246             —           —             —           45,066           45,066
                         – EUR                                               —         14,207       27,671        93,402           —             —         135,280           135,280
                         – RMB                                               —       136,480       250,006       456,715           —             —         843,201           843,201
                         – GBP                                               —          3,304        6,601        59,912           —             —           69,817           69,817
                         – US$                                               —         68,809      204,169       816,427           —             —        1,089,405       1,089,405
                         – AUD                                               —          7,226       24,072        42,377           —             —           73,675           73,675
                         – NZD                                               —          6,809       20,171        35,256           —             —           62,236           62,236

                                                                                     270,655       543,936     1,504,089           —             —       2,318,680        2,318,680

                       – outflow
                         – HK$                                               —        (33,776)     (11,225)            —           —             —          (45,001)         (45,001)
                         – EUR                                               —        (13,798)     (26,930)      (92,675)          —             —         (133,403)        (133,403)
                         – RMB                                               —       (139,385)    (259,486)     (479,873)          —             —         (878,744)        (878,744)
                         – GBP                                               —         (3,281)       (6,554)     (61,731)          —             —          (71,566)         (71,566)
                         – US$                                               —        (68,203)    (204,720)     (782,396)          —             —       (1,055,319)      (1,055,319)
                         – AUD                                               —         (6,680)      (22,208)      (39,788)         —             —          (68,676)         (68,676)
                         – NZD                                               —         (6,402)      (18,684)      (34,765)         —             —          (59,851)         (59,851)

                                                                                     (271,525)    (549,807)    (1,491,228)         —             —       (2,312,560)      (2,312,560)

                                                                                         (870)       (5,871)      12,861           —             —            6,120            6,120

                  Note: Maturities are based on the management’s estimation of the expected realization of these financial assets.



166   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
    37.2 Financial Risk Management Objectives and Policies (continued)
         37.2.5 LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

               Liquidity Tables (continued)
               The amount included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial liabilities is subject to change if
               changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rate determined at the end of the reporting period.

    37.3 Fair Value
         The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows:

         •   the fair value of foreign currency forward contracts are measured using quoted forward exchange rates and yield curves derived
             from quoted interest rates matching the maturities of the contract;

         •   the fair value of cross-currency interest rate swaps is measured by the present value of future cash flows estimated and
             discounted based on the applicable yield curves derived from quoted interest rates and foreign exchange rates between US$
             and EUR, which is observable at the end of the reporting period;

         •   the fair value of financial assets with standard terms and conditions and traded on active liquid markets are determined with
             reference to quoted market bid prices or latest purchase/transaction prices; and

         •   the fair value of other financial assets and financial liabilities (excluding derivative instruments) are determined in accordance
             with generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis using prices from observable current market
             transactions.

         FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS RECOGNIZED IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
         Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured on a recurring basis.

         Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
         following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in
         particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value
         measurements are categorized (Levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are
         observable.

         •   Level 1: fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
             liabilities;

         •   Level 2: fair value measurements are those derived from inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are
             observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and

         •   Level 3: fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability that
             are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023    167
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
      37.3 Fair Value (continued)
           FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS RECOGNIZED IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
           Financial assets/                                                                 Fair value
           financial liabilities                            Fair value as at                 hierarchy    Valuation techniques and key inputs
                                                             2023                   2022

           1)     Acquisition right of certain         Acquisition            Acquisition    Level 2      Measured at the fair value of the
                    property, plant and            right of certain       right of certain                 land and buildings associated
                    equipment classified           property, plant        property, plant                  with the acquisition right which is
                    as derivative financial       and equipment:         and equipment:                    based on a valuation by third party
                    instruments in the            US$8,084,000            US$8,002,000                     independent valuer at the end of
                    consolidated statement                                                                 the financial year.
                    of financial position


           2)     Foreign currency forward               Assets –               Assets – Level 2          Discounted cash flow
                    contracts classified         US$9,113,000;          US$59,710,000;                    Future cash flows are estimated
                    as derivative financial       and Liabilities –      and Liabilities –                  based on forward exchange
                    instruments in the           US$16,062,000          US$50,474,000                       rates (from observable forward
                    consolidated statement                                                                  exchange rates and yield curves
                    of financial position                                                                   at the end of the reporting
                                                                                                            period) and contracted forward
                                                                                                            rates, discounted at a rate that
                                                                                                            reflects the credit risk of various
                                                                                                            counterparties.


           3)     Listed equity securities         Listed shares:          Listed shares:    Level 1      Quoted bid prices in an active
                     classified as financial     US$26,114,000           US$13,466,000                      market.
                     assets at FVTPL in the
                     consolidated statement
                     of financial position


           4)     Other financial assets         Club membership       Club membership       Level 2      The fair value was arrived at with
                    classified as financial           debentures:           debentures:                     reference to recent transaction
                    assets at FVTPL in the         US$4,887,000           US$4,899,000                      prices for similar comparables with
                    consolidated statement                                                                  similar characteristics.
                    of financial position
                                                  Unlisted equity         Unlisted equity    Level 2      The fair value was arrived at with
                                                       securities:             securities:                  reference to the latest purchase
                                                  US$3,800,000            US$4,800,000                      price per share arising on
                                                                                                            subscribing for the shares in
                                                                                                            private market.

                                                          Other:                   Other:    Level 2      The fair value was arrived at with
                                                      US$45,000                US$45,000                    reference to recent transaction
                                                                                                            prices for similar comparables with
                                                                                                            similar characteristics.


           5)     Cross-currency interest                Assets –               Assets – Level 2          Measured at the present value
                    rate swaps classified         US$5,342,000;         US$17,064,000;                     of future cash flows estimated
                    as derivative financial       and Liabilities –      and Liabilities –                 and discounted based on the
                    instruments in the                          Nil                    Nil                 applicable yield curves derived
                    consolidated statement                                                                 from quoted interest rates and
                    of financial position                                                                  foreign exchange rates between
                                                                                                           US$ and EUR, which is observable
                                                                                                           at the end of the reporting period.


168   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
    37.3 Fair Value (continued)
         FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS RECOGNIZED IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
                                                                                       Level 1            Level 2                Total
                                                                                     US$’000            US$’000             US$’000
         2023
         Financial assets
         Acquisition right of certain property, plant and equipment                        —               8,084               8,084
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                —               9,113               9,113
         Cross-currency interest rate swaps                                                —               5,342               5,342
         Financial assets at FVTPL                                                    26,114               8,732              34,846

         Total                                                                        26,114              31,271              57,385

         Financial liabilities
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                —             (16,062)            (16,062)

         Total                                                                             —             (16,062)            (16,062)

         2022
         Financial assets
         Acquisition right of certain property, plant and equipment                        —                8,002               8,002
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                —               59,710              59,710
         Cross-currency interest rate swaps                                                —               17,064              17,064
         Financial assets at FVTPL                                                     13,466               9,744              23,210

         Total                                                                         13,466              94,520            107,986

         Financial liabilities
         Foreign currency forward contracts                                                —              (50,474)            (50,474)

         Total                                                                             —              (50,474)            (50,474)




                                                                                        Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   169
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




37. Financial Instruments (continued)
      37.4 Transfers of financial assets
            The following were the Group’s financial assets as at December 31, 2023 that were transferred to banks by discounting or factoring
            those trade and bills receivables on a full recourse basis. As the Group retained substantially all of the significant risks and rewards
            relating to these receivables, it continues to recognize the full carrying amount of the receivables and has recognized the cash
            received on the transfer as discounted bills with recourse (see Note 35) and unsecured borrowings – due within one year (see Note
            38). These financial assets are carried at amortized cost in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.

            The trade and bills receivables discounted with banks with full recourse at the year end was as follows:

                                                                                                                        2023                 2022
                                                                                                                    US$’000               US$’000
            Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                                      22,208              56,429
            Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                                (22,208)             (56,429)

            Net position                                                                                                    —                   —

            The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of the discounted bills and unsecured borrowings approximate
            their fair values.

38. Unsecured Borrowings
                                                                                                                        2023                 2022
                                                                                                                    US$’000               US$’000
      Bank advance from Factored Trade Receivables                                                                     19,500              54,426
      Bank loans                                                                                                  1,668,763             2,835,760
      Medium term notes                                                                                             262,859               260,763

      Total borrowings                                                                                            1,951,122             3,150,949

      The borrowings of the Group are repayable as follows:

                                                                                                                        2023                 2022
                                                                                                                    US$’000               US$’000
      Fixed-rate
      Within one year                                                                                               124,959                79,931
      In more than one year but not more than two years                                                             151,166               124,796
      In more than two years but not more than five years                                                           551,621               591,916
      More than five years                                                                                             99,020             207,458


      Variable-rate
      Within one year                                                                                               795,192             1,873,016
      In more than one year but not more than two years                                                             123,380               177,125
      In more than two years but not more than five years                                                           105,784                96,707

                                                                                                                  1,951,122             3,150,949
      Less: Amount due within one year shown under current liabilities                                              (920,151)          (1,952,947)

      Amount due after one year                                                                                   1,030,971             1,198,002




170   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




38. Unsecured Borrowings (continued)
    The ranges of effective interest rates per annum (which are also equal to contracted interest rates) on the Group’s borrowings are as
    follows:

                                                                                                                     2023               2022
    Effective interest rate:
      Fixed-rate borrowings                                                                             0.73% to 3.66%       0.73% to 3.66%
      Variable-rate borrowings                                                                          0.31% to 6.47%       0.31% to 5.14%

    The Group’s borrowings that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant group entities are set out
    below:

                                                                                                                                    US$’000
    As at December 31, 2023                                                                                                         698,826

    As at December 31, 2022                                                                                                           53,305

    The carrying amount of unsecured borrowings approximates their fair value as the weighted average interest rates approximate the
    contracted market rates.

39. Share Capital
                                                                      2023                 2022                    2023                 2022
                                                           Number of shares    Number of shares              US$’000                 US$’000

    Ordinary shares
    Issued and fully paid:
      At the beginning of the year                          1,834,697,941         1,834,484,441               684,710                683,395
      Issue of shares upon exercise of share options              120,000               213,500                     682                1,315
      Buy-back of shares                                          (500,000)                  —                       —                    —

    At the end of the year                                  1,834,317,941         1,834,697,941               685,392                684,710

    Details of the share options are set out in Note 45.

    During 2023, the Company bought back and cancelled its own shares through the Stock Exchange as follows:

                                                                                                                                   Aggregate
                                                             No. of ordinary                    Price per share                 consideration
                                                                     shares              Highest                  Lowest                    paid
    Month of cancellation                                                                   HK$                     HK$             US$’000
    October 2023                                                  500,000                 68.70                   67.90                4,408

    The shares bought back were settled and cancelled during the year. The consideration paid on the buy-back of the shares of
    approximately US$4,408,000 was charged to retained profits.




                                                                                                Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     171
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




40. Reserves
                                                                                  Employee
                                                                Shares held for share-based
                                                                  share award compensation            Hedging       Retained
                                                                       scheme        reserve           reserve        profits             Total
                                                                      US$’000          US$’000        US$’000       US$’000           US$’000
      The Company
      At January 1, 2022                                              (105,740)          31,341        66,903     23,105,529         23,098,033
      Profit for the year                                                   —                —             —         192,922           192,922
      Fair value loss on foreign currency forward contracts
        and cross-currency interest rate swaps
        in hedge accounting                                                  —                  —      (74,220)            —            (74,220)

      Total comprehensive (loss) income for the year                         —                  —      (74,220)      192,922           118,702

      Shares issued on exercise of options                                   —                (258)         —              —               (258)
      Vesting of awarded shares                                         21,651           (21,651)           —              —                 —
      Shares for share award scheme                                      (9,796)              —             —              —             (9,796)
      Recognition of share-based payments                                    —           47,346             —              —            47,346
      Final dividend – 2021                                                  —               —              —       (236,104)          (236,104)
      Interim dividend – 2022                                                —                  —           —       (224,317)          (224,317)

      At December 31, 2022                                              (93,885)         56,778         (7,317)   22,838,030         22,793,606

      Loss for the year                                                      —                  —           —       (240,354)         (240,354)
      Fair value gain on foreign currency forward contracts
        and cross-currency interest rate swaps
        in hedge accounting                                                  —                  —       9,591              —             9,591

      Total comprehensive income (loss) for the year                         —                  —       9,591       (240,354)         (230,763)

      Shares issued on exercise of options                                   —                (132)         —              —              (132)
      Buy-back of shares                                                     —                  —           —         (4,408)           (4,408)
      Vesting of awarded shares                                         23,479          (23,479)            —             —                 —
      Shares for share award scheme                                     (3,525)              —              —              —            (3,525)
      Recognition of share-based payments                                   —            46,945             —              —            46,945
      Final dividend – 2022                                                  —               —              —       (212,525)         (212,525)
      Interim dividend – 2023                                                —                  —           —       (224,334)         (224,334)

      At December 31, 2023                                             (73,931)          80,112         2,274     22,156,409    22,164,864

      As at December 31, 2023, the Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders comprised the retained profits of
      US$22,156,409,000 (2022: US$22,838,030,000).




172   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                    For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




41. Retirement Benefit Obligations
    Defined Contribution Plans:
    The Group operating in Hong Kong have participated in the MPF Schemes registered under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
    Ordinance since December 2000. The assets of the MPF Schemes are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the
    control of trustees. The Group contributes 5% of relevant payroll cost to the MPF Schemes with a maximum amount of HK$18,000 (2022:
    HK$18,000) per employee per annum, which contribution is matched by the employee.

    The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) are members of a state-managed retirement benefit
    scheme operated by the PRC government. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a specified percentage of payroll costs to the
    retirement benefit scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make
    the specified contributions.

    The Group’s overseas subsidiaries operate a number of defined contribution schemes. Contributions to the defined contribution schemes
    applicable to each year are made at a certain percentage of the employees’ payroll.

    The total expense recognized in profit or loss of US$34,391,000 (2022: US$29,854,000) represents contributions payable to these plans
    by the Group at rates specified in the rules of the plans.

    Defined Benefit Plans:
    The Group operates several defined benefit plans for qualifying employees of its subsidiaries in Germany and the US, of which these plans
    cover substantially all remaining employees that are not covered by defined contribution plans. The defined benefit plans are administered
    by separate funds that are legally separated from the Group. The board of the pension fund is composed of an equal number of
    representatives from both employers and (former) employees. The board of the pension fund is required by law and by its articles of
    association to act in the interest of the fund and of all relevant stakeholders in the scheme, i.e. active employees, inactive employees,
    retirees, employers. The board of the pension fund is responsible for the investment policy with regard to the assets of the fund. The major
    defined benefit plans are as follows:

                                                                                                                                          2023                     2022
                                                                                                                                      US$’000                  US$’000
    Pension plan obligations (Note i)                                                                                                   47,015                  46,107
    Life and medical insurance plan (Note ii)                                                                                                 57                    900
    Others                                                                                                                                  753                     664

                                                                                                                                        47,825                  47,671

    Note i: Pension plan obligations
           The pension plan obligations are provided in the German operations and includes an unfunded plan that pays retirement benefits based on the term of service
           and final pay. In general, the benefit plans were closed to new members at the end of 1995. Under the plan, the qualifying employees are entitled to retirement
           benefits varying between 10% and 20% of final salary (based on the average of the last three years) on attainment of a retirement age of 65. The most recent
           actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined benefit obligations were carried out on January 1, 2024, by BDO AG Wirtschaftsprufungsgesellschaft, an
           independent valuer not related to the Group.
    Note ii: Life and medical insurance plan
           Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation, a subsidiary of the Group in the US, operates unfunded life insurance plans. The most recent actuarial valuations of the
           present value of the obligations were carried out on December 29, 2023 by Willis Towers Watson, an independent valuer not related to the Group.




                                                                                                                  Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023            173
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




41. Retirement Benefit Obligations (continued)
      Defined Benefit Plans: (continued)
      The plans in Germany and the US expose the Group to actuarial risks such as investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk and salary
      risk.

      Investment risk         The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate determined by reference
                              to high quality corporate bond yields; if the return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit.
      Interest rate risk      A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however, this will be partially offset by an
                              increase in the return on the plan’s debt investments.
      Longevity risk          The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the mortality
                              of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan
                              participants will increase the plan’s liability.
      Salary risk             The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan
                              participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.

      The risk relating to benefits to be paid to the dependents of plan members (widow and orphan benefits) is reinsured by an external
      insurance company.

      The main actuarial assumptions used were as follows:

                                                                                        Pension plan                 Life & medical insurance plan
                                                                                       2023               2022                2023                  2022
      Discount rate                                                                  4.25%               3.80%              4.54%               4.25%
      Expected rate of salary increases                                              2.00%               2.00%                  N/A                  N/A
      Future pension increases                                                       2.00%               2.00%                  N/A                  N/A
      Medical cost trend rates                                                           N/A                N/A             5.00%               5.00%

      The effect of an increase of one percentage point in the assumed medical cost trend rate on the aggregate of the current service cost and
      interest cost; and the accumulated post-employment benefit obligations are as follows:

                                                                                        Pension plan                 Life & medical insurance plan
                                                                                       2023               2022                2023                  2022
                                                                                   US$’000             US$’000            US$’000            US$’000
      Current service cost and interest cost                                             N/A                N/A                   —                   2
      Accumulated post-employment benefit obligations for
        medical costs                                                                    N/A                N/A                    3                  44




174   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




41. Retirement Benefit Obligations (continued)
    Defined Benefit Plans: (continued)
    Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income in respect of the defined benefit plans are as follows:

                                                                                    Pension plan                 Life & medical Insurance plan
                                                                                    2023              2022               2023               2022
                                                                                US$’000            US$’000            US$’000           US$’000
    Service cost:
      Current service cost                                                           331                463                  —                  —
    Net interest expense on defined benefit liabilities                            1,716                382                 35                 20

    Components of defined benefit costs recognized in profit or loss               2,047                845                 35                 20

    Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability:
    Actuarial losses (gains) arising from changes in
      financial assumptions                                                          710           (21,855)               (872)               (152)

    Components of defined benefit costs recognized in
      other comprehensive income                                                     710           (21,855)               (872)               (152)

    Total                                                                          2,757           (21,010)               (837)               (132)

    The charge for the year has been included in staff costs.

    The amount included in the consolidated statement of financial position arising from the Group’s obligation in respect of the major defined
    benefit plans is as follows:

                                                                                    Pension plan                 Life & medical insurance plan
                                                                                    2023              2022               2023               2022
                                                                                US$’000            US$’000            US$’000           US$’000
    Present value of unfunded obligations                                        47,015             46,107                  57                900

    Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligations in the current year in respect of major defined benefit plans were as
    follows:

                                                                                    Pension plan                 Life & medical insurance plan
                                                                                    2023              2022               2023               2022
                                                                                US$’000            US$’000            US$’000           US$’000
    At January 1                                                                 46,107             74,474                 900             1,051
    Exchange realignment                                                           1,428             (4,013)                —                 —
    Current service cost                                                             331                463                  —                  —
    Actuarial losses (gains)                                                         710           (21,855)               (872)               (152)
    Interest cost                                                                  1,716                382                 35                 20
    Benefit paid                                                                  (3,277)            (3,344)                 (6)               (19)

    At December 31                                                               47,015             46,107                  57                900

    The significant actuarial assumption for the determination of the defined obligation is the discount rate. If the discount rate is 100 basis
    points higher (lower), the effect on defined benefit obligation would be immaterial.




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     175
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




41. Retirement Benefit Obligations (continued)
      Defined Benefit Plans: (continued)
      Obligation to pay LSP under Hong Kong Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57)
      For the Company and several subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong, pursuant to the Employment Ordinance, Chapter 57, the Group
      has the obligation to pay LSP to qualifying employees in Hong Kong under certain circumstances (e.g. dismissal by employers or upon
      retirement), subject to a minimum of 5 years employment period, based on the following formula:

      Last monthly wages (before termination of employment) × 2/3 × Years of service

      Last monthly wages are capped at HK$22,500 while the amount of long service payment shall not exceed HK$390,000. This obligation is
      accounted for as a post-employment defined benefit plan.

      Furthermore, the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance passed in 1995 permitted the Group to utilise the Group’s mandatory
      MPF contributions, plus/minus any positive/negative returns thereof, for the purpose of offsetting the LSP payable to an employee (the
      “Offsetting Arrangement”).

      The Amendment Ordinance was gazetted on June 17, 2022, which abolished the use of the accrued benefits derived from employers’
      mandatory MPF contributions to offset the LSP. The Abolition will officially take effect on the Transition Date (i.e., May 1, 2025).
      Separately, the Government of the HKSAR is also expected to introduce a subsidy scheme to assist employers for a period of 25 years
      after the Transition Date on the LSP payable by employers up to a certain amount per employee per year.

      Under the Amendment Ordinance, the Group’s mandatory MPF contributions, plus/minus any positive/negative returns, after the
      Transition Date can continue to be applied to offset the pre-Transition Date LSP obligation but are not eligible to offset the post-Transition
      Date LSP obligation. On the other hand, the accrued benefits derived from the Group’s voluntary contributions made pre-, on or post-
      transition can continue to be used to offset pre- and post-transition LSP. Furthermore, the LSP obligation before the Transition Date will be
      grandfathered and calculated based on the Last monthly wages immediately preceding the Transition Date and the years of service up to
      that date.




176   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




42. Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities)
    The following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized and movements thereon during the current and prior year:

                                                      Accelerated                 Employee
                                                              tax     Warranty       related          Tax    Inventory
                                                     depreciation     provision    provision       losses     provision      Others        Total
                                                        US$’000      US$’000      US$’000      US$’000       US$’000      US$’000      US$’000
    At January 1, 2022                                    (82,332)      26,000       74,748       17,797       (1,561)      48,725       83,377
    Currency realignment                                       39         (457)        (465)        (113)        (439)       (1,542)     (2,977)
    Charge to hedging reserve                                  —            —            —            —            —           304           304
    (Charge) credit to profit or loss                     (24,043)       5,712       (7,608)      35,098      (45,882)      23,907      (12,816)
    Change in tax rates                                        —            —            —            (21)         —            —             (21)
    Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 43)                    (380)           —             7           —            —            (3)         (376)
    Credit to other comprehensive income                       —             —       (2,631)           —            —            —       (2,631)

    At December 31, 2022                                 (106,716)      31,255       64,051       52,761      (47,882)      71,391       64,860

    Currency realignment                                      (16)         226          112           21         (916)         920           347
    Charge to hedging reserve                                  —            —            —            —            —           655           655
    (Charge) credit to profit or loss                    (29,782)       5,594       13,945       18,865      (24,198)     (13,332)     (28,908)
    Change in tax rates                                       387          —            102          —           (137)         (21)          331
    Credit to other comprehensive income                       —             —         (200)           —           —            —          (200)

    At December 31, 2023                                (136,127)      37,075       78,010       71,647      (73,133)      59,613       37,085

    For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been
    offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                                      2023                 2022
                                                                                                                  US$’000              US$’000
    Deferred tax assets                                                                                             63,354               81,082
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                       (26,269)             (16,222)

                                                                                                                    37,085               64,860

    At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unused tax losses of US$4,337 million (2022: US$2,537 million) available for offset
    against future taxable profits. Of the US$4,337 million of unused losses approximately US$447 million expire over the next 5 to 14 years
    with the remaining loss carry forwards having no useful life limitation. No deferred tax asset has been recognized in respect of tax losses of
    US$4,046 million (2022: US$2,323 million) due to the lack of probable future taxable profits.

    In respect of all unrepatriated foreign earnings, the Group has provided deferred taxes of US$19 million (2022: US$15 million) as these
    unrepatriated foreign earnings are not considered permanently reinvested.




                                                                                                  Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023       177
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




43. Acquisition of a subsidiary
      In April 2023, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Green Planet Distribution Centre Company Limited (“Green Planet”) from
      independent third parties for a cash consideration of approximately US$75,094,000. Green Planet’s business was acquired so as to
      continue the expansion of the Group’s manufacture of power equipment and outdoor power equipment products business. Green Planet
      is engaged in the Power Equipment segment.

                                                                                                                                       2023
                                                                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                                                                                   US$’000
      Net Assets Acquired
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                 68,339
      Right of use assets                                                                                                           12,008
      Trade and other receivables                                                                                                     6,033
      Bank balances and cash                                                                                                             76
      Trade and other payables                                                                                                      (15,159)
      Lease liabilities                                                                                                                (167)

      Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                                                 3,964
      Total consideration                                                                                                           75,094

      Net cash outflow arising on acquisition:
        Total consideration                                                                                                         75,094
        Less: Consideration payable                                                                                                  (8,194)
        Less: Deposit paid                                                                                                          (62,300)
        Less: Bank balances and cash acquired                                                                                            (76)
      Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the acquisition                                                          4,524

      Goodwill of US$3,964,000 arose on the acquisition of Green Planet’s business from expected cost savings within the Power Equipment
      segment.

      The fair value and contractual amounts of trade and other receivables at the date of acquisition amounted to US$6,033,000. All amounts
      are expected to be collected.

      The acquisition-related costs are insignificant. They have been excluded from the consideration transferred and have been recognized as
      an expense in the current year.

      The business acquired contributed approximately US$27,110,000 to the Group’s revenue, and approximately US$7,449,000 decrease in
      the Group’s profit before taxation for the period between the date of acquisition and the reporting date as at December 31, 2023.




178   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




43. Acquisition of a subsidiary (continued)
    In January 2022, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in C4 Carbides Limited (“C4”) from independent third parties for a cash
    consideration of approximately US$39,589,000. C4’s business was acquired so as to continue the expansion of the Group’s power
    equipment business. C4 is engaged in the manufacture and sale of saw blades and is included in the Power Equipment segment.

                                                                                                                                           2022
                                                                                                                                       Fair value
                                                                                                                                        US$’000
    Net Assets Acquired
    Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                          3,200
    Right of use assets                                                                                                                    1,712
    Intangible assets                                                                                                                      2,015
    Inventories                                                                                                                            4,797
    Trade and other receivables                                                                                                            7,639
    Bank balances and cash                                                                                                                 2,529
    Trade and other payables                                                                                                              (5,034)
    Lease liabilities                                                                                                                     (1,876)
    Tax payable                                                                                                                              (122)
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                 (376)

    Goodwill arising on acquisition of C4                                                                                                25,105
    Total consideration                                                                                                                  39,589

    Net cash outflow arising on acquisition:
      Total consideration                                                                                                                39,589
      Less: Bank balances and cash acquired                                                                                               (2,529)
    Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the acquisition of C4                                                         37,060

    Intangible assets of US$2,015,000 and goodwill of US$25,105,000 arose on the acquisition of C4’s business from patents and the
    anticipated profitability arising from new product synergies and cost savings within the Power Equipment segment.

    The fair value and contractual amounts of trade and other receivables at the date of acquisition amounted to US$7,639,000. All amount
    are expected to be collected.

    The acquisition-related costs are insignificant. They have been excluded from the consideration transferred and have been recognized as
    an expense in 2022.

    The business acquired contributed approximately US$16,876,000 to the Group’s revenue, and approximately US$419,000 decrease in
    the Group’s profit before taxation for the period between the date of acquisition and the reporting date as at December 31, 2022.

44. Guarantees
    The Company has given guarantees to banks in respect of general facilities granted to its subsidiaries. The extent of such facilities utilized
    by the subsidiaries as at December 31, 2023 amounted to US$152,487,000 (2022: US$802,996,000).




                                                                                                  Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023     179
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




45. Share Options
      Share Option Schemes
      The Company has two share option schemes in place – Scheme D and Scheme E. Scheme D was adopted on May 29, 2007 and expired
      on May 28, 2017, though its provisions shall remain in full force and effect in all other respects. Following the expiry of Scheme D,
      Scheme E was adopted on May 19, 2017 and subsequently amended and restated on May 12, 2023 (“Scheme E Amendment Date”),
      and will expire on May 18, 2027.

      Both Scheme D and Scheme E are aimed for recognition of the contribution to the development and growth of the Group by the eligible
      persons. Below are the summary of the principal terms of Scheme D:

      The Board of Directors of the Company may grant share options to the following eligible persons (and their wholly owned companies) of
      the Company, its subsidiaries and any companies in which the Group holds any equity interest, to subscribe for shares in the Company:

      (i)   employees; or

      (ii) Directors; or

      (iii) secondees; or

      (iv) any shareholders of any member of the Group or invested entity or controlling shareholders or any holders of any securities issued by
           any member of the Group; or

      (v) business partners; or

      (vi) suppliers; or

      (vii) customers; or

      (viii) advisers of the Group.

      Share options granted must be taken up within 21 days of the date of grant, upon payment of consideration to be determined by the
      Board for the grant thereof. Share options may be exercised at any time, subject to vesting conditions, from the date of grant to the
      tenth anniversary thereof. The subscription price is set at the highest of: the closing price of the shares on the date of offer of the share
      option or the average closing price of shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five trading days
      immediately preceding the date of offer.

      The maximum number of shares in respect of which share options may be granted under Scheme D is not permitted to exceed 30.0%
      of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time or 10.0% of the shares in issue as at the adoption date of Scheme D. No
      person shall be granted an option which exceeds 1.0% of the shares in issue as at the date of offer in any 12-month period up to the date
      thereof.

      Options may be exercised at any time immediately after vesting on each of the first and, depending on the vesting conditions, second
      and third anniversary of the relevant date of grant of the share option to the tenth anniversary of such date of grant. The exercise price is
      determined by the Directors of the Company, and will not be less than the higher of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on the
      date of grant; and (ii) the average closing price of the shares for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant.

      In view of the amendments to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules relating to share schemes of listed issuers effective from January 1, 2023,
      the scheme rules of Scheme E were amended and restated to ensure full compliance with the latest regulatory requirements.




180   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                         For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




45. Share Options (continued)
    Share Option Schemes (continued)
    The following tables disclose movements in the Company’s share options during the year:

    2023
                                            Date of share   Share option      Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Lapsed       Outstanding
                                                  options        scheme       at beginning      during      during     during         at end of       Subscription
    Share option holders                         granted        category        of the year   the year    the year   the year          the year              price             Exercise period
                                                                                                                                                             HK$
    Directors
    Mr Horst Julius Pudwill                 22.12.2020                E           23,500           —           —          —            23,500            105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                            30.12.2021                E           32,000           —           —          —            32,000            154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                              22.8.2023               E               —       750,000          —          —          750,000              81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033

    Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill                  20.3.2014               D          750,000           —           —          —          750,000              21.600      20.3.2015 – 19.3.2024
                                              11.9.2015               D          250,000           —           —          —          250,000              29.650      11.9.2016 – 10.9.2025
                                              17.3.2017               D          500,000           —           —          —          500,000              32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                              14.3.2018               E          250,000           —           —          —          250,000              47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                              20.5.2019               E          500,000           —           —          —          500,000              51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                              15.5.2020               E          500,000           —           —          —           500,000             65.250      15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                            22.12.2020                E        2,000,000           —           —          —         2,000,000            105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                            30.12.2021                E        1,000,000           —           —          —         1,000,000            154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                              22.8.2023               E               —       500,000          —          —           500,000             81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033

    Mr Joseph Galli Jr                        22.8.2023               E                 —     750,000          —          —           750,000             81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033

    Mr Kin Wah Chan                           17.3.2017               D          200,000           —           —          —           200,000             32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                              14.3.2018               E          250,000           —           —          —           250,000             47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                              20.5.2019               E          500,000           —           —          —           500,000             51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                              15.5.2020               E          500,000           —           —          —           500,000             65.250      15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                            22.12.2020                E        2,000,000           —           —          —         2,000,000            105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                            30.12.2021                E        1,000,000           —           —          —         1,000,000            154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                              22.8.2023               E               —       500,000          —          —           500,000             81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033

    Mr Chi Chung Chan                         17.3.2017               D          500,000           —           —          —           500,000             32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                              14.3.2018               E          250,000           —           —          —           250,000             47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                              20.5.2019               E          500,000           —           —          —           500,000             51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                              15.5.2020               E          500,000           —           —          —           500,000             65.250      15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                            22.12.2020                E        2,000,000           —           —          —         2,000,000            105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                            30.12.2021                E        1,000,000           —           —          —         1,000,000            154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                              22.8.2023               E               —       500,000          —          —           500,000             81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033

    Mr Camille Jojo                           14.3.2018               E            50,000          —           —          —            50,000             47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
      (re-designated from Non-executive       20.5.2019               E            97,000          —           —          —            97,000             51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
      Director to Executive Director with   22.12.2020                E            47,000          —           —          —            47,000            105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
      effect from December 1, 2023)         30.12.2021                E            32,000          —           —          —            32,000            154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                              22.8.2023               E                —       60,000          —          —            60,000             81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033




                                                                                                                                Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023                  181
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                        For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




45. Share Options (continued)
      Share Option Schemes (continued)
                                           Date of share   Share option   Outstanding       Granted    Exercised    Lapsed    Outstanding
                                                 options        scheme    at beginning        during      during     during      at end of   Subscription
      Share option holders                      granted        category     of the year     the year    the year   the year       the year          price             Exercise period
                                                                                                                                                    HK$
      Directors
      Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP     17.3.2017               D       150,000             —           —          —       150,000          32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                             14.3.2018               E       100,000             —           —          —       100,000          47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                             20.5.2019               E        97,000             —           —          —         97,000         51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                           22.12.2020                E        47,000             —           —          —         47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                           30.12.2021                E        32,000             —           —          —         32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                             22.8.2023               E            —         60,000           —          —         60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033

      Mr Peter David Sullivan              22.12.2020                E        47,000             —           —          —         47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                           30.12.2021                E        32,000             —           —          —         32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                             22.8.2023               E            —         60,000           —          —         60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033

      Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse              19.6.2017               E       135,000             —           —          —        135,000         36.300      19.6.2018 – 18.6.2027
                                             14.3.2018               E       100,000             —           —          —        100,000         47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                             20.5.2019               E        97,000             —           —          —         97,000         51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                           22.12.2020                E        47,000             —           —          —         47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                           30.12.2021                E        32,000             —           —          —         32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                             22.8.2023               E            —         60,000           —          —         60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033

      Mr Robert Hinman Getz                  15.5.2020               E        75,000             —           —          —         75,000         65.250      15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                           22.12.2020                E         47,000            —           —          —         47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                           30.12.2021                E         32,000            —           —          —         32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031
                                             22.8.2023               E             —        60,000           —          —         60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033

      Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding         19.08.2021                E         29,500            —           —          —         29,500        167.200     19.08.2022 – 18.08.2031
                                             22.8.2023               E             —        60,000           —          —         60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033

      Ms Caroline Christina Kracht           22.8.2023               E              —       60,000           —          —         60,000         81.050      22.8.2024 – 21.8.2033

      Total for directors                                                 16,331,000      3,420,000          —          —     19,751,000

      Employees                              17.3.2017               D        70,000             —      (20,000)        —         50,000         32.100      17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                             19.6.2017               E       100,000             —     (100,000)        —             —          36.300      19.6.2018 – 18.6.2027
                                             14.3.2018               E       150,000             —           —          —       150,000          47.900      14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                             20.5.2019               E       194,000             —           —          —       194,000          51.080      20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                           22.12.2020                E        94,000             —           —          —         94,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                           22.11.2023                E            —        250,000           —          —       250,000          81.480     22.11.2024 – 21.11.2033

      Total for employees                                                    608,000       250,000     (120,000)        —       738,000

      Total for all categories                                            16,939,000      3,670,000    (120,000)        —     20,489,000

      Exercisable at the end of the year                                                                                      15,799,000




182   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                        For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




45. Share Options (continued)
    Share Option Schemes (continued)
    The following tables disclose movements in the Company’s share options during the year:

    2022

                                         Date of share Share option     Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Lapsed       Outstanding
                                               options     scheme       at beginning      during      during     during         at end of      Subscription
    Share option holders                      granted      category       of the year   the year    the year   the year          the year             price            Exercise period
                                                                                                                                                      HK$
    Directors
    Mr Horst Julius Pudwill               22.12.2020             E           47,000          —      (23,500)        —            23,500           105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                          30.12.2021             E           32,000          —           —          —            32,000           154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031

    Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill               20.3.2014             D          750,000          —           —          —           750,000             21.600     20.3.2015 – 19.3.2024
                                           11.9.2015             D          250,000          —           —          —           250,000             29.650     11.9.2016 – 10.9.2025
                                           17.3.2017             D          500,000          —           —          —           500,000             32.100     17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                           14.3.2018             E          250,000          —           —          —           250,000             47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                           20.5.2019             E          500,000          —           —          —           500,000             51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                           15.5.2020             E          500,000          —           —          —           500,000             65.250     15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                          22.12.2020             E        2,000,000          —           —          —         2,000,000           105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                          30.12.2021             E        1,000,000          —           —          —         1,000,000           154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031

    Mr Kin Wah Chan                        17.3.2017             D          200,000          —           —          —           200,000             32.100     17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                           14.3.2018             E          250,000          —           —          —           250,000             47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                           20.5.2019             E          500,000          —           —          —           500,000             51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                           15.5.2020             E          500,000          —           —          —           500,000             65.250     15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                          22.12.2020             E        2,000,000          —           —          —         2,000,000           105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                          30.12.2021             E        1,000,000          —           —          —         1,000,000           154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031

    Mr Chi Chung Chan                      17.3.2017             D          500,000          —           —          —           500,000             32.100     17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                           14.3.2018             E          250,000          —           —          —           250,000             47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                           20.5.2019             E          500,000          —           —          —           500,000             51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                           15.5.2020             E          500,000          —           —          —           500,000             65.250     15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                          22.12.2020             E        2,000,000          —           —          —         2,000,000           105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                          30.12.2021             E        1,000,000          —           —          —         1,000,000           154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031

    Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP     11.9.2015             D          150,000          —     (150,000)        —                 —             29.650     11.9.2016 – 10.9.2025
                                           17.3.2017             D          150,000          —           —          —           150,000             32.100     17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                           14.3.2018             E          100,000          —           —          —           100,000             47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                           20.5.2019             E           97,000          —           —          —            97,000             51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                          22.12.2020             E           47,000          —           —          —            47,000           105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                          30.12.2021             E           32,000          —           —          —            32,000           154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031

    Mr Camille Jojo                        14.3.2018             E           50,000          —           —          —            50,000             47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                           20.5.2019             E           97,000          —           —          —            97,000             51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                          22.12.2020             E           47,000          —           —          —            47,000           105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                          30.12.2021             E           32,000          —           —          —            32,000           154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031




                                                                                                                          Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023                183
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                      For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




45. Share Options (continued)
      Share Option Schemes (continued)
                                           Date of share Share option   Outstanding     Granted    Exercised    Lapsed    Outstanding
                                                 options     scheme     at beginning      during      during     during      at end of   Subscription
      Share option holders                      granted      category     of the year   the year    the year   the year       the year          price            Exercise period
                                                                                                                                                HK$
      Directors
      Mr Peter David Sullivan               22.12.2020             E         47,000          —           —          —         47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                            30.12.2021             E         32,000          —           —          —         32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031

      Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse              19.6.2017             E        135,000          —           —          —        135,000          36.300     19.6.2018 – 18.6.2027
                                             14.3.2018             E        100,000          —           —          —        100,000          47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                             20.5.2019             E         97,000          —           —          —         97,000          51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                            22.12.2020             E         47,000          —           —          —         47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                            30.12.2021             E         32,000          —           —          —         32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031

      Mr Robert Hinman Getz                  15.5.2020             E         75,000          —           —          —         75,000          65.250     15.5.2021 – 14.5.2030
                                            22.12.2020             E         47,000          —           —          —         47,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030
                                            30.12.2021             E         32,000          —           —          —         32,000        154.900     30.12.2022 – 29.12.2031

      Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding          19.08.2021             E         29,500          —           —          —         29,500        167.200     19.08.2022 – 18.08.2031

      Total for directors                                               16,504,500           —     (173,500)        —     16,331,000

      Employees                              17.3.2017             D        110,000          —      (40,000)        —         70,000          32.100     17.3.2018 – 16.3.2027
                                             19.6.2017             E        100,000          —           —          —        100,000          36.300     19.6.2018 – 18.6.2027
                                             14.3.2018             E        150,000          —           —          —        150,000          47.900     14.3.2019 – 13.3.2028
                                             20.5.2019             E        194,000          —           —          —        194,000          51.080     20.5.2020 – 19.5.2029
                                            22.12.2020             E         94,000          —           —          —         94,000        105.500     22.12.2021 – 21.12.2030

      Total for employees                                                   648,000          —      (40,000)        —        608,000

      Total for all categories                                          17,152,500           —     (213,500)        —     16,939,000

      Exercisable at the end of the year                                                                                  12,291,250




184   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




45. Share Options (continued)
    Share Option Schemes (continued)
    The following significant assumptions were used to derive the fair values using the Black-Scholes option pricing model:

                                                                                                      Expected
                                                                                                       volatility
                                                                                                      based on         Yields of      Expected
                                                                                      Expected        historical     Hong Kong          annual
                                                                      Exercise    life of share     volatility of   Government        dividend
    Date of grant                                                        price          options    share prices          Bonds            yield
                                                                          HK$
    For the year ended December 31, 2023
    22.8.2023                                                            81.05         3 years             40%           1.50%          4.019%
    22.11.2023                                                           81.48         3 years             40%           1.50%          4.088%

    The share options are vested in parts over 1 to 3 years from the date of grant.

    Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the Company’s share price over the previous 3 years. The expected
    life used in the model has been adjusted, based on management’s best estimate, for the effects of non-transferability, exercise restrictions
    and behavioural considerations.

    The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the volatility of the share price.
    Because changes in subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in the directors’ opinion, the existing model
    does not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the share options.

    The weighted average closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the various dates on which the share options were
    granted during 2023 was HK$78.81 (2022: Nil).

    The closing price of the Company’s shares immediately before the various dates on which the share options were granted ranged from
    HK$78.60 to HK$81.75 in 2023 (2022: Nil).

    The weighted average closing prices of the Company’s shares immediately before various dates during 2023 and 2022 on which the share
    options was exercised were HK$81.33 (2022: HK$87.98) respectively.

    The Group recognized a total expense of US$8,829,000 (2022: US$15,366,000) for the year ended December 31, 2023 in relation to
    share options granted by the Company.

    The fair value of the share options granted in 2023 measured at various dates on which the share options were granted was ranged from
    HK$23.12 to HK$23.15 (2022: Nil). The weighted average fair value of the share options granted in 2023 was HK$23.12 per option
    (2022: Nil).

    The Company had 20,489,000 share options outstanding (2022: 16,939,000), which represented approximately 1.12% (2022: 0.92%) of
    the issued share capital of the Company as at December 31, 2023. 3,670,000 option (2022: Nil) was granted, no option (2022: Nil) was
    cancelled and no share options (2022: Nil) was lapsed during the year.

    The total number of shares available for issue in respect of which share options may be granted under Scheme D are 150,505,065
    shares, which represented approximately 8.20% of the issued shares of the Company as at December 31, 2023. The total number of
    shares available for issue in respect of which share options may be granted under Scheme E are 183,479,794 shares, which represented
    approximately 10.00% of the issued shares of the Company as at December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                  Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   185
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




46. Share Award Scheme
      The purpose of the share award scheme is to recognize the contributions by certain eligible persons and to provide them with incentives
      in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group and to attract suitable personnel for further development
      of the Group.

      The share award scheme of the Company was adopted by the Board of Directors on January 9, 2008 and renewed on January 17, 2018,
      which was subsequently amended and restated on May 12, 2023. The Board may, from time to time, at their absolute discretion select
      any individual as an eligible person for participation in the scheme as a selected grantee and determine the number of shares to be
      awarded. The Board of Directors are required to pay the trustee the purchase price and the related expenses. The trustee must either
      purchase shares from the market or subscribe for new shares. The trustee must hold the shares until they are vested in accordance with
      the scheme rules. When the selected grantee has satisfied all vesting conditions specified by the Board of Directors at the time of making
      the award and becomes entitled to the shares forming the subject of the award, the trustee will upon the Company’s instruction transfer
      the relevant vested shares together with the income derived therefrom (net of accrued interest) to the selected grantee.

      An award of shares automatically lapses when, (i) a selected grantee who is an employee ceases to be an employee; or (ii) the subsidiary
      by which a selected grantee is employed ceases to be a subsidiary of the Company (or of a member of the Group); or (iii) a selected
      grantee who is a director of the Company or a subsidiary ceases to be a director of the same; or (iv) an order for the winding-up of the
      Company is made or a resolution is passed (otherwise than for certain purposes) for the voluntary winding-up of the Company, and, in any
      such case, the award, unless the Board otherwise agrees, automatically lapses forthwith and all the awarded shares and related income of
      such award do not vest on the relevant vesting date but become returned shares for the purpose of the scheme.

      In view of the amendments to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules relating to share schemes of listed issuers effective from January 1,
      2023, the scheme rules of 2018 Share Award Scheme were amended and restated to ensure full compliance with the latest regulatory
      requirements.

      Recognition of share-based payment expenses under the share award scheme during the year was US$38,116,000 (2022:
      US$31,980,000). During the year ended December 31, 2023, 1,575,000 shares (2022: 1,784,500 shares) were transferred to the
      awardees upon vesting.

      (i)    Movements in the number of awarded shares and their related average fair value were as follows:

                                                                                                                                             Number
                                                                                                                                         2023                    2022
             At January 1                                                                                                         5,817,500                4,591,000
             Awarded (Note (a))                                                                                                   1,437,500                3,011,000
             Vested                                                                                                              (1,575,000)              (1,784,500)

             At December 31 (Note (b))                                                                                            5,680,000                5,817,500

             Notes:
             (a) All the awarded shares were purchased from the market with the average price of HK$111.23.
             (b) At the end of the year, the average fair value per share is HK$98.98 (2022: HK$100.52). The average fair value of the awarded shares is based on the
                 average purchase cost.


      (ii)   The remaining vesting periods of the awarded shares outstanding are as follows:

                                                                                                                                  Number of awarded shares
                                                                                                                                         2023                    2022
             Less than 1 year                                                                                                     1,287,500                1,425,000
             More than 1 year                                                                                                     4,392,500                4,392,500

                                                                                                                                  5,680,000                5,817,500




186   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




47. Capital Commitments
                                                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                                                                 US$’000              US$’000
    Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of
      property, plant and equipment and equity interest in a
      subsidiary contracted for but not provided in
      the consolidated financial statements                                                                      177,975              328,364


48. Related Party Transactions
    During the year, the Group entered into the following transactions with its associate, which did not constitute connected transactions
    under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:

                                                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                                                                 US$’000              US$’000
    Sales income                                                                                                   59,638               75,211
    Service income                                                                                                     —                 2,453

    The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                                                                 US$’000              US$’000
    Short-term benefits                                                                                          104,052              112,981
    Post-employment benefits                                                                                        1,470                1,131
    Share-based payments                                                                                           28,720               38,173

                                                                                                                 134,242              152,285

    Details of the balances and transactions with related parties are set out in the consolidated statements of financial position and Notes 21
    and 28.




                                                                                                 Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023    187
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




49. Reconciliation of Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes.
      Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s
      consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                        Dividend          Unsecured      Discounted bills                Lease
                                                         payable          borrowings        with recourse            liabilities
                                                                             Note 38              Note 35             Note 34                 Total
                                                       US$’000              US$’000             US$’000              US$’000              US$’000
      At January 1, 2022                                       —           3,280,987                1,857             554,200            3,837,044
      Currency realignment                                     —              (13,850)                 —                (7,503)            (21,353)
      Financing cash flows                              (460,421)           (116,188)                 146            (137,333)            (713,796)
      New leases entered                                      —                   —                    —              295,821              295,821
      Early termination of leases                              —                   —                    —               (1,980)              (1,980)
      Interest expenses                                        —              58,810                    —              11,058               69,868
      Interest paid                                            —              (58,810)                  —              (11,058)            (69,868)
      Dividends declared                                 460,421                   —                    —                   —              460,421
      Acquisition of a subsidiary                             —                    —                    —                1,876               1,876

      At December 31, 2022                                     —           3,150,949                2,003             705,081            3,858,033

      Currency realignment                                     —               1,883                    —               2,149                4,032
      Financing cash flows                             (436,859)         (1,201,710)                  705           (159,919)          (1,797,783)
      New leases entered                                     —                   —                     —             355,804              355,804
      Early termination of leases                              —                   —                    —             (15,390)            (15,390)
      Interest expenses                                        —            104,625                     —              19,431             124,056
      Interest paid                                            —           (104,625)                    —             (19,431)           (124,056)
      Dividends declared                                436,859                  —                      —                  —              436,859
      Acquisition of a subsidiary                            —                     —                    —                 167                  167

      At December 31, 2023                                     —          1,951,122                 2,708            887,892           2,841,722




188   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




50. Statement of Financial Position of the Company
    As at December 31, 2023

                                                                                                          2023                 2022
                                                                                                        US$’000              US$’000
    Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                        2,043                3,012
      Right of use assets                                                                                  1,242                2,838
      Intangible assets                                                                                        28                  11
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                                    27,765,164           28,141,334
      Loans to subsidiaries                                                                               10,856               12,716
      Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                            3,622                3,635
      Deposits                                                                                            87,000               90,000

                                                                                                     27,869,955           28,253,546

    Current assets
      Deposits and prepayments                                                                            37,913               57,995
      Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                           26,114               13,466
      Tax recoverable                                                                                         —                 7,612
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                    12,271               39,481
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                                   2,083,796              662,539
      Bank balances, deposits and cash                                                                     6,377             303,439

                                                                                                      2,166,471            1,084,532

    Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                                                          158,854              193,388
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                     9,997               46,798
      Lease liabilities                                                                                    1,045                1,477
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                                     5,031,284            3,229,332
      Unsecured borrowings – due within one year                                                        788,797            1,172,221

                                                                                                      5,989,977            4,643,216

    Net current liabilities                                                                          (3,823,506)          (3,558,684)

    Total assets less current liabilities                                                            24,046,449           24,694,862




                                                                                        Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   189
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




50. Statement of Financial Position of the Company (continued)
      As at December 31, 2023

                                                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                                                   Note        US$’000            US$’000
      Capital and Reserves
        Share capital                                                                                          685,392            684,710
        Reserves                                                                                    40       22,164,864        22,793,606

      Total equity                                                                                           22,850,256        23,478,316

      Non-current Liabilities
        Lease liabilities                                                                                          214              1,390
        Unsecured borrowings – due after one year                                                             1,030,971         1,198,002
        Amount due to a subsidiary                                                                             165,008                 —
        Other payables                                                                                              —              17,154

      Total equity and non-current liabilities                                                               24,046,449        24,694,862

      The Company’s statement of financial position was approved and authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on March 6, 2024 and are
      signed on its behalf by:




                                           Chi Chung Chan                            Stephan Horst Pudwill
                                       Group Executive Director                              Vice Chairman




190   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                         For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




51. Particulars of Principal Subsidiaries
    Particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the Company as at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 are as follows:

                                                   Place of                    Issued and
                                                   incorporation/                fully paid          Proportion of nominal value of
    Name of subsidiaries                           operation                 share capital        issued capital held by the Company          Principal activities
                                                                                                    2023                     2022
                                                                                              Directly Indirectly     Directly   Indirectly
                                                                                                   %          %            %            %
    DreBo Werkzeugfabrik GmbH*                     Germany                  EUR1,000,000          —          100           —           100    Trading and manufacture of power equipment
                                                                                                                                                 products


    TTI Outdoor Power Equipment, Inc.              US                              US$10          —          100           —           100    Trading of outdoor power equipment products


    Hart Consumer Products, Inc.                   US                              US$10          —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment and outdoor
                                                                                                                                                 power equipment products


    Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation            US                      US$50,000,000          —          100           —           100    Trading and manufacture of power equipment
                                                                                                                                                 products


    TTI Consumer Power Tools, Inc.                 US                              US$10          —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment products


    Royal Appliance Mfg. Co.                       US                                US$1         —          100           —           100    Trading and manufacture of floorcare
                                                                                                                                                 products


    Techtronic Cordless GP                         US                             US$200          —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment, floorcare and
                                                                                                                                                 outdoor power equipment products


    Techtronic Industries (Dongguan) Co. Ltd.#     PRC                     US$47,000,000          —          100           —           100    Manufacture of power equipment, floorcare
                                                                                                                                                and outdoor power equipment products


    Techtronic Industries (UK) Ltd.                United Kingdom           GBP4,000,000          —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment products


    Techtronic Industries Australia Pty. Limited   Australia               AUD25,575,762          —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment, floorcare and
                                                                                                                                                 outdoor power equipment products


    Techtronic Industries Central Europe GmbH*     Germany                     EUR25,600          —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment products


    Techtronic Industries ELC GmbH*                Germany                     EUR25,000          —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment products and
                                                                                                                                                 outdoor power equipment products


    Techtronic Industries France SAS               France                   EUR14,998,680         —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment products
                                                                     (2022:EUR14,919,832)


    Techtronic Industries GmbH                     Germany                 EUR20,452,500          —          100           —           100    Trading and manufacture of power equipment
                                                                                                                                                 products


    Techtronic Industries Korea LLC                Korea                KRW3,400,000,000          —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment products




                                                                                                                     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023                        191
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                           For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




51. Particulars of Principal Subsidiaries (continued)
                                                             Place of                       Issued and
                                                             incorporation/                   fully paid          Proportion of nominal value of
      Name of subsidiaries                                   operation                    share capital        issued capital held by the Company          Principal activities
                                                                                                                 2023                     2022
                                                                                                           Directly Indirectly     Directly   Indirectly
                                                                                                                %          %            %            %
      Techtronic Industries Mexico, S.A. de C.V.             Mexico                      MXN50,000             —          100         100            —     Trading of power equipment, floorcare and
                                                                                             (Serie I)                                                        outdoor power equipment products
                                                                                     MXN596,964,358
                                                                                            (Serie II)


      Techtronic Industries Co. Mexico, S. De R.L. de C.V.   Mexico                  MXN223,746,470            —          100         100            —     Manufacture of power equipment products
                                                                               (2022:MXN678,954,230)


      Techtronic Industries N.Z. Limited                     New Zealand                NZD4,165,600           —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment, floorcare and
                                                                                                                                                              outdoor power equipment products


      Techtronic Industries North America, Inc.              US                                 US$10          —          100           —           100    Investment holding


      Green Planet Distribution Centre Co. Ltd.              Vietnam           VND1,000,000,000,000            —          100           —            —     Manufacture of power equipment and outdoor
                                                                                                                                                             power equipment products


      Techtronic Industries Vietnam Manufacturing Co. Ltd.   Vietnam             VND406,954,000,000            —          100           —           100    Manufacture of power equipment and outdoor
                                                                                                                                                             power equipment products


      Techtronic Product Development Limited                 Hong Kong                           HK$2          —          100           —           100    Engage in research and development
                                                                                                                                                              activities


      Techtronic Trading Limited                             Hong Kong                           HK$2          —          100           —           100    Trading of power equipment, floorcare and
                                                                                                                                                              outdoor power equipment products


      TTI Investments (Dongguan) Company Limited             Hong Kong               HK$960,563,422           100          —          100            —     Investment holding
                                                                                 (2022:HK$6,086,955)


      Techtronic Industries Company Pte. Ltd.                Singapore               US$126,467,853            —          100           —           100    Investment holding
                                                                                (2022:US$38,000,101)


      TTI Singapore SPV Pte. Ltd.                            Singapore              US$6,169,310,060          100          —          100            —     Investment holding
                                                                               (2022:US$5,544,032,272)


      Vax Limited                                            United Kingdom                GBP30,000           —          100           —           100    Trading of household electrical and floorcare
                                                                                    (Ordinary A shares)                                                       products
                                                                                            GBP2,500
                                                                                    (Ordinary B shares)

      *     Exempt from the obligation to publish local financial statements.
      #     A wholly foreign owned enterprise.


      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results or assets of the
      Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




192   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS           For The Year Ended December 31, 2023




51. Particulars of Principal Subsidiaries (continued)
    At the end of the reporting period, the Company has other subsidiaries that are not material to the Group. The principal activities of these
    subsidiaries are summarized as follows:

    Principal activities                                      Principal place of business                             Number of subsidiaries
                                                                                                                          2023                 2022
    Manufacture of power equipment, floorcare and             Europe, PRC, US and others                                      9                  9
     outdoor power equipment products
    Trading of power equipment, floorcare and outdoor         Canada, Europe, Hong Kong, Latin America,                      47                  39
      power equipment product                                   PRC, US and others
    Investment holding                                        Australia, BVI, Europe, Hong Kong, US                          20                  22
    Dormant                                                   BVI, Europe, Hong Kong, US                                     18                  22

    None of the subsidiaries had any debt securities outstanding at the end of the year, or at any time during the year.

52. Particulars of an Associate
    Particulars of an associate are as follows:

                                Place of                                              Proportion of nominal
                                incorporation/              Issued and fully          value of issued capital
    Name of associate           operation                 paid share capital            held by the Group               Principal activities
                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                              %                  %
    Wuerth Master Power         Hong Kong                     US$3,000,000                  49.0               49.0     Manufacture and sale of
     Tools Limited                                                                                                       power equipment




                                                                                                   Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023      193
Financial Summary

Results
                                                                       Year ended December 31
                                                       2019         2020                2021          2022          2023
                                                    US$’000      US$’000             US$’000       US$’000       US$’000
Revenue                                            7,666,721    9,811,941         13,203,161     13,253,917    13,731,411

Profit before taxation                              661,286      861,254           1,181,825      1,156,897     1,055,616
Taxation charge                                      (46,290)     (60,258)           (82,724)       (79,747)      (79,276)

Profit for the year                                 614,996      800,996           1,099,101      1,077,150      976,340

Attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                             614,900      800,760           1,099,003      1,077,150      976,340
  Non-controlling interests                              96          236                  98             —            —

Profit for the year                                 614,996      800,996           1,099,101      1,077,150      976,340

Basic earnings per share (US cents)                   33.67        43.80               60.04          58.86         53.36


Assets and Liabilities
                                                                             As at December 31
                                                       2019         2020                2021          2022          2023
                                                    US$’000      US$’000             US$’000       US$’000       US$’000
Total assets                                       7,698,051    9,390,402         13,007,545     13,315,598    12,401,983
Total liabilities                                  4,303,740    5,487,495          8,285,027      8,110,117     6,654,433

                                                   3,394,311    3,902,907          4,722,518      5,205,481     5,747,550

Equity attributable to Owners of the Company       3,394,645    3,903,005          4,722,518      5,205,481     5,747,550
Non-controlling interests                              (334)          (98)                —              —             —

                                                   3,394,311    3,902,907          4,722,518      5,205,481     5,747,550




194     Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023
Corporate Information

Board of Directors                                                     Website
                                                                       www.ttigroup.com
Group Executive Directors
                                                                       Earnings results, annual/interim reports are available online.
Mr Horst Julius Pudwill
Chairman                                                               Listing Information
Mr Stephan Horst Pudwill                                               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Vice Chairman                                                            Ordinary Shares (stock code: 669)
                                                                       ADR Level 1 Programme (symbol: TTNDY)
Mr Joseph Galli Jr
                                                                       U.S. Foreign Ordinary Shares (symbol: TTNDF)
Chief Executive Officer

Mr Patrick Kin Wah Chan                                                Share Registrar and Transfer Office
Mr Frank Chi Chung Chan                                                Tricor Secretaries Limited
Mr Camille Jojo                                                        17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                                       16 Harcourt Road
Non-executive Directors                                                Hong Kong
Prof Roy Chi Ping Chung GBS BBS JP                                     Tel: (852) 2980 1333

Independent Non-executive Directors                                    ADR Depositary
Mr Peter David Sullivan                                                BNY Mellon
Mr Johannes-Gerhard Hesse
Mr Robert Hinman Getz                                                  Principal Bankers
Ms Virginia Davis Wilmerding                                           Bank of America, N.A.
Ms Caroline Christina Kracht                                           Bank of China Group
Mr Andrew Philip Roberts                                               The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
                                                                       Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
Financial Calendar 2024                                                Citibank, N.A.
March 6     : Announcement of 2023 annual results                      MUFG Bank, Ltd.
May 7       : Last day to register for the entitlement to attend and   Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Hong Kong Branch
                 vote at Annual General Meeting
May 8-10    : Book closure period for the entitlement to attend and    Solicitors
                 vote at Annual General Meeting                        Vincent T.K. Cheung, Yap & Co.
May 10      : Annual General Meeting
May 17      : Last day to register for 2023 final dividend             Auditor
May 20      : Book closure period for 2023 final dividend              Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
June 30     : Six months interim period end                            Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
July 5      : Final dividend payment
December 31 : Financial year end                                       Company Secretary
                                                                       Ms Veronica Ka Po Ng
Investor Relations Contact
Main Contact                                                           Trademarks
Investor Relations                                                     All trademarks and trade names listed other than AEG
Techtronic Industries North America, Inc.                                 and RYOBI are owned by the Group.
450 East Las Olas Boulevard. Suite 1500
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301, USA                                    AEG is a registered trademark of AB Electrolux (publ.),
Email: ir@ttihq.com                                                      and is used under license.

Asia/Pacific                                                           RYOBI is a registered trademark of Ryobi Limited,
Investor Relations                                                       and is used under license.
Techtronic Industries Co. Ltd.
29/F, Tower 2, Kowloon Commerce Centre
51 Kwai Cheong Road, Kwai Chung, N.T., Hong Kong
Email: ir@tti.com.hk




                                                                                              Techtronic Industries Annual Report 2023   195
Published by Techtronic Industries Co. Ltd.
© 2024 Techtronic Industries Co. Ltd.
