CONTENTS

Corporate Profile                              3
Year in Review 2023                            4
Brand Cooperation 2023                         7
Corporate Information                          8



Financial Highlights                           9
Chairperson’s Statement                        10
Board of Directors                             16
Management Discussion and Analysis             26



Corporate Governance Report                    52
Human Resources and Social Responsibility      88



Report of the Directors                        95
Independent Auditor’s Report                   133



Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and   139
  Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position   142
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity    144
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows           146
Notes to Financial Statements                  149
Five Year Financial Summary                    314
Glossary                                       315
TCL Electronics is a world-leading consumer electronics company that
covers display, innovative and internet businesses. The Group actively
reforms and innovates under the strategy of “Value Led by Brand with
 Global Efficiency in Operations, Driven by Technology and Paramount
   Vitality”. Focusing on the mid-to-high-end markets around the world
 and technological advancement, the Group strives to consolidate the
    “Intelligent IoT Ecosystem” strategy and is committed to providing
users with an all-scenario smart and healthy life while developing into
                               a world-leading smart device company.
004   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023




                 YEAR IN REVIEW
                                                              2023
      1
          Unveiled products including the flagship Mini LED smart screen QM8, AR smart glasses RayNeo X2, and
          established the TCL Green Zone at CES 2023 for the first time to promote our eco-friendly and green
          philosophy.

          At the Global Top Brands Award Ceremony, TCL was enlisted the “2022-2023 Top 10 CE Brands” and TCL
          X11 LINGYAO QD-Mini LED TV received the “Award for Innovative Mini LED Display of the Year 2022-2023”.




                                                               3
                                                                     Launched the TCL QD-Mini LED smart screen
                                                                     X11G, featuring an XDR with peak brightness
                                                                     of 5,000 nits and 5,184 local dimming
                                                                     zones.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   005




          YEAR IN REVIEW
                                                             2023
4
    At the AWE Award Ceremony, TCL QD-Mini LED
    smart screen X11G won the “Innovation Award”,
    TCL Fresh Air III Series air conditioner and TCL Dual
    Wash series washing machine both received the
    “Outstanding Product Award”.




5
    Unveiled the AI story collection for children “Super
    Story Painter”, the first customised content column
    based on a cutting-edge AI large-language model in
    the internet TV industry.




                                 6
                                       TCL was listed as one of the “Top 50 Chinese Global Brand Builders”
                                       by BrandZ for the seventh consecutive year, ranking 11th and jumping
                                       seven places from 2022.




8
    Introduced the new online streaming
    service TCLtv+ for North American users,
    offering a wide variety of free entertainment
    programmes.
006   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023




                 YEAR IN REVIEW
                                                              2023
      9
           Showcased the world's largest 115-inch QD-
           Mini LED smart screen at the Berlin IFA 2023
           and presented TCL Photovoltaic Technology's
           One-Stop Residential Smart Energy Solution
           for the first time at top overseas exhibition.




      10
               Launched the consumer-grade AR smart
               glasses RayNeo X2, setting a new
               standard in the AR sector.




      Capital Market Awards
      The Company won numerous awards, including
      the 6th New Fortune Award’s “Best IR Hong Kong
      Listed Company (H-shares)”, the China Securities
      Golden Bauhinia Award’s “Annual Special Award
      – 2023 Outstanding Listed Company”, the Hong
      Kong International ESG Ranking’s “Best ESG
      Pioneer Award”, the Gelonghui Golden Award’s
      “Outstanding Enterprise of the Year in the
      Consumer Sector”, the Golden Hong Kong Stock
      Annual Award’s “Best ESG Company Award,” and
      the HKIRA 9th IR Award’s “Best Annual Report”.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   007




          BRAND COOPERATION
                                                                           2023
TCL collaborated with numerous top European football teams and the National Football League (NFL) to enhance
the Brand's awareness in Europe and America.




TCL partnered with the League of Legends Pro League (LPL).




TCL leveraged popular film productions such as “Moon Man”, “The Wandering Earth” and “No More Bets” to
enhance our brand reputation.
008   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Information*




      BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                AUDITOR
      Executive Directors                                               Ernst & Young
                                                                        Certified Public Accountants
      Ms. DU Juan (Chairperson)                                         Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
      Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong (CEO) (appointed as an                         27/F One Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road
       executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024)               Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
      Mr. PENG Pan (CFO) (appointed as an executive
       Director with effect from 1 October 2023)                        LEGAL ADVISOR
      Mr. SUN Li (re-designated from a non-executive
                                                                        Ronald Tong & Co
       Director to an executive Director with effect from
                                                                        Room 501, 5/F, Sun Hung Kai Centre
       28 March 2024)
                                                                        30 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
      Mr. HU Dien Chien (resigned as an executive Director
       with effect from 1 October 2023)
      Mr. YAN Xiaolin (resigned as an executive Director                PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
       with effect from 28 March 2024)                                  AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                                        Suntera (Cayman) Limited
      Non-executive Directors                                           Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3
                                                                        Building D, P.O. Box 1586
      Mr. LI Yuhao                                                      Gardenia Court, Camana Bay
      Mr. WANG Cheng (resigned as a non-executive                       Grand Cayman, KY1-1100
       Director with effect from 28 March 2024)                         Cayman Islands

      Independent Non-executive Directors                               HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
                                                                        REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
      Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter
                                                                        Tricor Tengis Limited
      Professor WANG Yijiang
                                                                        17/F, Far East Finance Centre
      Mr. LAU Siu Ki
                                                                        16 Harcourt Road
                                                                        Hong Kong
      JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
      Ms. CHOY Fung Yee, Solicitor, Hong Kong                           PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
      Mr. PENG Pan (appointed as a joint company                        BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
       secretary with effect from 9 October 2023)                       5th Floor, Building 22E
      Mr. HU Dien Chien (resigned as a joint company                    22 Science Park East Avenue
       secretary with effect from 1 October 2023)                       Hong Kong Science Park
                                                                        Shatin, New Territories, Hong Kong
      AUTHORISED
                                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
      REPRESENTATIVES                                                   P.O. Box 309
      Ms. DU Juan                                                       Ugland House, Grand Cayman
      Ms. CHOY Fung Yee, Solicitor, Hong Kong                           KY1-1104, Cayman Islands
      Mr. PENG Pan (alternate authorised representative to
       both Ms. DU Juan and Ms. CHOY Fung Yee)                          INVESTOR AND MEDIA
       (appointed with effect from 1 October 2023)
      Mr. HU Dien Chien (alternate authorised representative
                                                                        RELATIONS
       to both Ms. DU Juan and Ms. CHOY Fung Yee)                       Christensen China Limited
       (resigned with effect from 1 October 2023)                       30/F, 3 Lockhart Road
                                                                        Wanchai, Hong Kong

                                                                        WEBSITE
                                                                        http://electronics.tcl.com




      *   The latest practicable date for ascertaining information in this section is 19 April 2024.
                                               TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   009

                                                                        Financial Highlights




FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

                                                    For the year ended 31 December

                                                     2023                 2022
                                                HK$ Million          HK$ Million          Change

Revenue                                              78,986              71,351            10.7%

Gross profit                                         14,756              13,112            12.5%

Profit after tax                                         827                 554           49.3%

Profit attributable to owners of the parent              744                 447           66.4%

Non-HKFRS measure:
  Adjusted profit attributable to owners                 803                 704           14.0%
    of the parent

Proposed final dividend per share (HK cents)          16.00                12.70           26.0%
Chairperson’s
   Statement
Forge Boldly Ahead:
  Winning with Strategy, Advancing Fearlessly
                                 Ms. DU Juan
                                      Chairperson
012   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Chairperson’s Statement




      Dear Shareholders, Partners and Employees,
      Over the past year, we have been through a challenging yet remarkable journey. On behalf of the Board, I am
      pleased to present our annual results for the year 2023.


      Braving the winds and waves, forging ahead and embracing change to
      revitalise the enterprise with new vitality
      As the saying goes, “beside the sunken boat, a thousand sails compete.” Like intrepid sailors facing the vast
      and unknown ocean during their long voyage, we forge ahead in a challenging and ever-changing environment.
      In 2023, despite the weak recovery of the world economy, geopolitical turbulence and elevated global inflation
      levels and major interest rates still exposed the market to changes and challenges. Meanwhile, Chinese
      economy expanded steadily amid the complex and challenging international environment, with a year-on-year
      GDP growth of 5.2% in 2023. The economic structure is currently at a crucial moment of transformation. All
      these factors present both challenges and opportunities. Facing the uncertain economic environment and a
      changing industry landscape, we have adjusted our strategies and adopted a new guiding strategy of “Value
      Led by Brand with Global Efficiency in Operations, Driven by Technology and Paramount Vitality”. This not
      only strengthens the foundation of our brand but also advances the continuous innovation and deepens our
      “technological” and “global” development. We are exploring new business lines and uncovering new growth
      areas, ensuring TCL Electronics maintains resilience of growth and is full of vitality in the tide of the times.


      In 2023, our endeavours in mid-to-high-end strategy and international operations have brought improvement
      in operational quality and profitability. During the year, the Group’s total revenue amounted to HK$78,986
      million, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.7%. Gross profit margin increased by 0.3 percentage points
      to 18.7% as compared to 2022. The overall expense ratio decreased by 1.5 percentage points to 15.1%.
      The profit attributable to the owners of the parent increased by 66.4% to HK$744 million. The adjusted profit
      attributable to owners of the parent was up by 14.0% to HK$803 million. Additionally, the Group adheres to
                                                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   013

                                                                                Chairperson’s Statement




a dividend policy of high payout ratio to give back and share profits with the Shareholders. The final dividend
proposed by the Board was HK16.0 cents per share in 2023, representing a payout ratio of 50% of the
adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent.


In nature, every species is dependent on and thus adaptive to its environment. In the complex and changing
global atmosphere with evolving consumer demands, we capture the structural market needs in a timely
manner by adhering to the “mid-to-high-end + large-screen” strategy and the “TCL + Falcon” dual-brand
strategy to promote a steady growth in our display business. In 2023, our global shipment of TCL smart
screen bucked the trend and reached 25.26 million sets, with the market share up to 12.5% year-on-year,
which ranked among top two global brand TVs1. In terms of global internet business, we continued to achieve
rapid growth of revenue with an year-on-year increase of 20.2% to HK$2,763 million. In the PRC market, we
kept exploring new business models to improve user experience. We launched the industry’s first “LINGKONG
UI” and “Super Story Painter” (超級智繪) AI story collection, the first customised children’s column coded by AI
large language model, thereby diversifying the application scenarios. In the international market, we continued
to maintain close cooperation with internet giants including Google, Roku and Netflix. In terms of innovative
business, we has achieved a leaping development with the revenue growing by 78.5% to HK$18,640 million.
The photovoltaic business was put into operations officially in the second quarter of 2022 and experienced
a rapid development with its revenue exceeding HK$6,299 million in 2023. In the future, we will continue to
advance the global layout of the photovoltaic business and strive to become a user-oriented and world-leading
service provider of distributed intelligent energy solutions.


Strengthening the foundation, steadily climbing, and adhering to high-quality
development
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. We have been dedicated to R&D innovation and
global expansion. In terms of technological innovation, we have made major breakthroughs in smart displays
and AI. We achieved a local dimming zone of tens of thousands in our Mini LED display technology, which
drove our global shipment of TCL Mini LED smart screen up by 180.1% and its sales volume accounted for
half of the domestic market in 2023. Meanwhile, we also achieved independent content innovation and
operation based on AI Generated Content, which enables us to provide users with a more diverse content
experience and application scenarios. In addition, we focus on both internal and external development and
implement GenAI engineering applications using Turing platform to improve the product experience and
workflow efficiency. Besides, RayNeo, a company incubated by the Company, launched consumer-grade AR
glasses – RayNeo X2 and RayNeo Air 2 XR glasses. It ranked first in terms of domestic online market share 2
for consumer-grade AR glasses, demonstrating a wide market recognition of our products.


In terms of our global layout, we took localised approaches in organisation, supply chain, channels and
marketing to achieve global prominence. For organisation, we have improved our organisational structure by
setting up six major business groups in China, North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the
Middle East and Africa within the year. This reorganisation has streamlined our decision-making process,



1
    Source: shipment data from Omdia
2
    Source: online AR sales volume data in the PRC market of 2023 from RUNTO
014   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Chairperson’s Statement




      enhanced efficiency, and bolstered our end-to-end product sales capabilities. For supply chain, the Company
      has deployed a comprehensive factory layout in China, Vietnam, Mexico, Brazil and Poland to allow flexibility in
      the distribution of local production capacities and to meet worldwide market demands promptly. For channels
      and marketing, the Company focused on major regions and channels and attained a coverage of over 90% in
      the top 50 channels worldwide. Moreover, we adopted a localisation approach under the global brand strategy
      and enhanced our brand’s global reputation through a variety of marketing efforts in sports, esports, films and
      exhibitions to promote the continuous expansion of the global business scale.


      Committed to Social Responsibility, Giving Back with Gratitude: ESG
      Efforts Catalysing Sustainable Growth
      Mindful of our roots as we grow, we will never forget our founding principles. While pursuing high-quality
      development, the Group also set high standards for our efforts in ESG. On the environmental front, we are
      committed to green operations. Internally, we have practiced stringent carbon auditing and energy-saving
      upgrades in infrastructure and equipment to significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Externally, we
      strived for a green ecological chain by propelling the signing of the household appliance industry’s first “Green
      Supply Chain Initiative” during the year. On the social front, we actively participate in charitable causes,
      and our employees contributed over 27,000 hours to volunteer service within the year. We have introduced
      the industry’s first TV care solution, TCL Care, which received the Silver Award at the International Design
      Excellence Awards (IDEA). This solution provides care and supports for vulnerable groups including the elderly
      and children in their smart TV experience. Meanwhile, the Company also promotes a culture of equality,
      diversity and inclusion. We stand with gender equality and over 40% of our global employees were female as
      of 31 December 2023. On the governance front, we adhere to business ethics and integrity system, actively
      defend cybersecurity and carry out privacy protection management to ensure standardised management of
      our information asset and well-protected user privacy. Since 2018, we have been awarded an “A” rating in
      ESG by the Hang Seng Index for six consecutive years and included in the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability
      Benchmark Index for five consecutive years.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    015

                                                                             Chairperson’s Statement




Breaking More Records, Reaching New Heights, Grasping Emerging
Opportunities of the Era
At this time every year we set off for a new journey to come. Each retrospection on the past is a recollection
of the challenges we overcome and each prospection to future is an expectation to boundless opportunities
we welcome. The year of 2024 may still see an uncertain economy and an ever-changing world, but it is in
these changes we shall find new chances.


On our way ahead, we will keep empowering ourselves with better products, marketing, operation,
organisation, and collaborative innovation. We will strengthen our core business, enhance operational
efficiency, and continue to advance our strategies for globalisation and technological innovation. In the face
of waves of digitalisation and prospects of the energy transition, we are poised to seize every opportunity for
growth, venture into new markets, and explore new growth curves. We will make best endeavours to sustain
our leadership and sail towards our strategic objectives in the competitive landscape.


Last but not least, I would like to extend, on behalf of the Board, our deepest gratitude to consumers
worldwide for choosing our products and trusting our company, to Shareholders, investors, global clients and
partners for their unwavering support. In the trouble waters of this transformative era, let us join hands on our
way to become a world-leading smart device enterprise while braving the winds and waves for success.


DU Juan
Chairperson
28 March 2024
016   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Board of Directors




                                Ms. DU Juan                   Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong
                                EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR               EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR




                                   Mr. PENG Pan                    Mr. SUN Li
                                   EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR             EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   017

                                                                 Board of Directors




          Mr. LI Yuhao                    Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter
        NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR               INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR




 Professor WANG Yijiang                          Mr. LAU Siu Ki
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR        INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
018   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Board of Directors




                                                              Born in May 1970, Ms. DU is the chairperson of the
                                                              Board, an executive Director and the chairperson of
                                                              the Strategy Committee. Ms. DU joined the Company
                                                              in August 2021. Ms. DU is also a director and the
                                                              CEO of TCL Industries Holdings. From July 1991 to
                                                              May 1999, she worked in the Huizhou branch of China
                                                              Construction Bank Corporation; in May 1999, she joined
                                                              TCL Technology (000100.SZ) and successively worked
                                                              as the general manager of the settlement centre of TCL
                                                              Technology, the general manager of TCL Finance, the
                                                              president and the chairperson of TCL Financial Services
                                                              Holdings Group (Guangzhou) Company Limited* (TCL金
                                                              服控股集團(廣州)有限公司). From July 2016 to February
                                                              2018, she was a vice president of TCL Technology; from
                                                              March 2018 to August 2021, she was an executive
      Ms. DU Juan                                             director and the COO of TCL Technology; from January
      EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                                      2019 to August 2021, she also took up the role of
                                                              the CFO of TCL Technology; from August 2021 to
                                                              December 2022, she was a non-executive director of
                                                              TCL Technology; from October 2019 to October 2021,
                                                              she was a non-executive director of Bank of Shanghai
                                                              Co., Ltd. (601229.SH). Ms. DU graduated from the
                                                              Department of Investments of Zhongnan University of
                                                              Economics and Law (bachelor’s degree), and obtained
                                                              an EMBA degree from Cheung Kong Graduate School of
                                                              Business.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   019

                                                                                     Board of Directors




Born in August 1978, Mr. ZHANG is the executive
Director, CEO and member of Strategy Committee, the
general manager of the pan-smart screen business unit
and a director in various subsidiaries of the Company.
Mr. ZHANG is also currently a senior vice president of
TCL Industries Holdings. Mr. ZHANG joined the Company
after he graduated from Northwestern Polytechnical
University in 2000. Starting from entry level, he
successively worked as the manager, senior manager,
vice president and general manager of various branches,
business units and departments of the Company. During
his tenure, he made valuable contribution to increase
market share of the Group's products in the PRC
market. He also introduced a series of smart household               Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong
appliance products and laid down the foundation of                   EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
TCL smart home ecosystem and IoT. Mr. ZHANG holds
a bachelor’s degree from Northwestern Polytechnical
University and an EMBA degree from Renmin University
of China. Currently, Mr. ZHANG has also taken up
a number of public positions such as the deputy
chairperson of the EMBA alumni association of Renmin
University of China, vice chairperson of China Video
Industry Association and vice chairperson of China
Household Electrical Appliances Association.
020   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Board of Directors




                                                              Born in February 1976, Mr. PENG is an executive Director,
                                                              CFO, a member of the Remuneration Committee, the
                                                              Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee, a joint
                                                              company secretary and a director in various subsidiaries
                                                              of the Company. Mr. PENG became an executive Director
                                                              in October 2023. He is also the CFO of TCL Industries
                                                              Holdings. Mr. PENG worked as an analyst in Evergreen
                                                              Marine (Hong Kong) Limited after graduating from Hunan
                                                              University in 1998 and then as an accounting supervisor
                                                              in Yantian International Container Terminals Limited in
                                                              2000. Thereafter, he joined TCL in 2005 and served at
                                                              various finance-related positions in TCL during the period
                                                              from 2005 to 2019, including finance manager, senior
      Mr. PENG Pan                                            finance manager, head of finance department and finance
      EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                                      director. Since 2019 and prior to joining the Group, he
                                                              was the head of financial centre and vice president of
                                                              CSOT, and associate president and the head of financial
                                                              operation department of TCL Technology. During his tenure
                                                              at CSOT, Mr. PENG has successfully led various large-scale
                                                              investment projects in relation to the semi-conductor display
                                                              production plants in Shenzhen, Wuhan and Guangzhou,
                                                              making valuable contributions to the development of the
                                                              display industry. Mr. PENG is currently a director of Highly
                                                              Information Industry Co., Ltd. (835281.NQ). From April
                                                              2023 to October 2023, he acted as a director of Tianjin
                                                              712 Communication & Broadcasting Co., Ltd. (603712.
                                                              SH). Mr. PENG holds an Executive Master of Business
                                                              Administration Degree from China Europe International
                                                              Business School, a Master of Business Administration
                                                              Degree from Peking University, and a Bachelor of
                                                              International Accounting Degree from Hunan University.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   021

                                                                                     Board of Directors




Born in April 1977, Mr. SUN is an executive Director.
Mr. SUN became a non-executive Director with effect
from February 2020 and was re-designated to an
executive Director with effect from March 2024. He is
also the CTO of TCL Industries Holdings. He graduated
from Shanghai Jiao Tong University with a Master’s
Degree in Engineering. With extensive experience in
the communications industry, Mr. SUN has been deeply
involved in AI for many years. Mr. SUN worked at the
mobile phone R&D department of Alcatel from March
2001 to 2004. Since joining TCL Communication in
2004, he had served as R&D department manager,
pre-research department manager, director of software
                                                                    Mr. SUN Li
at global R&D centre and deputy general manager of
                                                                    EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
global R&D centre and established a team engaged in
smart phone software, a management system of global
operators’ technological needs and a software platform
for global operators from 2004 to July 2017. From
August 2017 to June 2019, he was a vice president of
Thunder Software Technology Co., Ltd. (300496.SZ).
During this period, Mr. SUN established the intelligent
vision business group, focusing on camera technology,
computer vision algorithms and AI algorithms which
were applied to mobile phones, IoT, automotive and
industrial fields, and opened up new businesses for
industrial visual detection based on deep learning.
022   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Board of Directors




                                                              Born in November 1981, Mr. LI is a non-executive
                                                              Director. Mr. LI became a non-executive Director in
                                                              August 2018 and is currently also the CEO of Maxrock.
                                                              Robot AI Technology (Beijing) Co., Limited* (麥岩智能
                                                              科技(北京)有限公司). Mr. LI served as an engineer and
                                                              the chief business manager in BOE Technology Group
                                                              Co., Ltd. (000725.SZ & 200725.SZ) from July 2004
                                                              to September 2008. From January 2010 to December
                                                              2010, he worked as an investment manager of AXA.
                                                              From January 2011 to August 2013, he was employed
                                                              as an investment leader of the Beijing office of Infinity
                                                              Investment Group. From August 2013 to September
                                                              2017, he was the chief investment officer and the head
      Mr. LI Yuhao
                                                              of Internet investment department in Legend Holdings
      NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
                                                              Limited (03396.HK). From October 2017 to December
                                                              2018, Mr. LI was a director and senior vice president
                                                              of Leshi Internet Information & Technology Corp.,
                                                              Beijing (whose shares were listed on the Shenzhen
                                                              stock exchange from August 2010 to July 2020, the
                                                              then stock code 300104.SZ). From December 2018
                                                              to May 2021, Mr. LI served as the vice president of
                                                              Sunac Culture Group and general manager of content
                                                              and investment centre in Sunac China Holdings Limited
                                                              (01918.HK). Mr. LI graduated from Peking University
                                                              with a Master’s Degree in Business Administration.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   023

                                                                                       Board of Directors




Born in September 1948, Dr. TSENG is an independent
non-executive Director, the chairperson of the
Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Audit
Committee and the Nomination Committee. Dr. TSENG
became an independent non-executive Director in July
2011. Dr. TSENG is currently a senior consultant of
the Shenzhen Municipal Government, senior consultant
of Tianjin Economic Technological Development Area
and the executive chairperson of Nankai International
Business Forum. Dr. TSENG also serves as adjunct
professor at a number of renowned universities over
the globe including the University of Alberta (Canada),
the City University of Hong Kong, the Nankai University
in Tianjin, the Sichuan University and the University                 Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang
of Electronic Science and Technology of China in
                                                                      Carter
Chengdu. Dr. TSENG is also a member of the US-based
                                                                      INDEPENDENT
“Committee of 100”. Dr. TSENG holds a Bachelor’s                      NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Degree of Science in Electrical Engineering from the
National Taiwan University, he then pursued further
studies at the University of California where he obtained
his Master’s and Doctor’s Degrees in Computer Science
and Electronics Engineering. Dr. TSENG has over 40
years of experience in the high-tech industry. While in
the U.S., Dr. TSENG worked at PARC (XEROX Research
Center) in Silicon Valley and various U.S.-based
companies including Lockheed Aircraft Co. and NRL. Dr.
TSENG then returned to Taiwan in 1980, and was a co-
founder of MICROTEK which was listed in 1988 – the
then world class leader in the image scanner industry,
one of the first and most successful listed high-tech
companies based in Taiwan Hsinchu Science Park. Dr.
TSENG has also drawn on his rich experience to coach
and mentor executives and managers in the high-tech
arena. In 1998, Dr. TSENG set up the “Little Dragon
Foundation” with a mission to guide entrepreneurs of
tomorrow, which has served many large corporations in
the PRC. Dr. TSENG also serves as an overseas director
of Canada National Institute of Nano-Technology and a
director of China National Academy of Nano Technology
& Engineering.
024   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Board of Directors




                                                              Born in May 1953, Professor WANG is an independent
                                                              non-executive Director, the chairperson of the
                                                              Nomination Committee, and a member of the Audit
                                                              Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Professor
                                                              WANG became an independent non-executive Director
                                                              in February 2016. He is currently the Professor of
                                                              Economics and Human Resource Management and an
                                                              Academic Associate Dean at Cheung Kong Graduate
                                                              School of Business and a senior researcher at the
                                                              National Center of Economic Research, Tsinghua
                                                              University. He is currently also a director of Zhejiang
                                                              Red Dragonfly Footwear Co., Ltd. (603116.SH), an
                                                              independent director of Shenzhen Overseas Chinese
      Professor WANG Yijiang                                  Town Co., Ltd. (000069.SZ) and a director of Hunan

      INDEPENDENT                                             Sanxiang Bank Co., Ltd.. He served as a consultant of
      NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                                  World Bank, a senior researcher of Chinese Economy
                                                              Research Institute in Business Management School of
                                                              Tsinghua University and vice president of the Chinese
                                                              Economists Society. He was also a professor emeritus
                                                              of Human Resource Management at the Carlson
                                                              School of Management of University of Minnesota and
                                                              a research fellow at the William Davidson Institute of
                                                              Transition Economics of the University of Michigan. He
                                                              was an independent director of Shenzhen ZQ Game Co.,
                                                              Ltd. (300052.SZ) from March 2014 to May 2020; an
                                                              independent non-executive director of Zhuhai Holdings
                                                              Investment Group Limited (the withdrawal of listing of
                                                              its shares from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange took
                                                              effect in June 2021, then stock code: 00908.HK)
                                                              from August 2015 to June 2021; and an independent
                                                              non-executive director of China VAST Industrial Urban
                                                              Development Company Limited (06166.HK) from
                                                              November 2017 to December 2022. His research
                                                              areas cover human resource management, labour
                                                              and personnel economics, comparative international
                                                              management systems, economics of transition and
                                                              emerging markets and economics of organisation, and
                                                              his research findings have been frequently quoted.
                                                              Professor WANG graduated from the Peking University
                                                              with a Bachelor’s Degree in Economics and a Master’s
                                                              Degree in International Economics in 1982 and 1985
                                                              respectively. He then pursued further studies and
                                                              obtained a Master’s Degree and a Doctor of Philosophy
                                                              Degree in Economics at the Harvard University in 1989
                                                              and 1991 respectively.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   025

                                                                                       Board of Directors




Born in July 1958, Mr. LAU is an independent non-
executive Director, the chairperson of the Audit
Committee, and a member of the Nomination Committee
and the Remuneration Committee. Mr. LAU became
an independent non-executive Director in November
2017. He graduated from the Hong Kong Polytechnic
(now known as the Hong Kong Polytechnic University) in
1981. He is currently a financial advisory consultant of
his management consultancy firm, Hin Yan Consultants
Limited. Previously, Mr. LAU worked at Ernst & Young
for over 15 years. He has over 35 years of experience
in corporate governance, corporate financing, financial
advisory and management, accounting and audit. Mr.
LAU is currently a fellow member of both of ACCA and                   Mr. LAU Siu Ki
HKICPA. Mr. LAU was a member of the World Council                      INDEPENDENT
of ACCA from 2002 to 2011 and was the chairperson                      NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
of ACCA Hong Kong in 2000/2001. During these years,
he has helped raising the profile of ACCA. Currently,
Mr. LAU also serves as an independent non-executive
director of Binhai Investment Company Limited (02886.
HK), Embry Holdings Limited (01388.HK), Samson
Holding Ltd. (00531.HK) and FIH Mobile Limited
(02038.HK). He is also the company secretary of Hung
Fook Tong Group Holdings Limited (01446.HK), Yeebo
(International Holdings) Limited (00259.HK) and Expert
Systems Holdings Limited (08319.HK). Mr. LAU acted
as an independent non-executive director of Comba
Telecom Systems Holdings Limited (02342.HK) from
June 2003 to December 2023 and IVD Medical Holdings
Limited (01931.HK) from June 2019 to March 2024.
In 2021, the Market Misconduct Tribunal fined and
made orders against China Medical & HealthCare Group
Limited (00383.HK and formerly known as COL Capital
Limited) and six then directors thereof including Mr. LAU
(who served as an independent non-executive director
between June 2004 to December 2018) for breach of
the requirements of the corporate disclosure regime by
the said company. For further details, please refer to
the Company’s announcements dated 5 November 2019
and 13 May 2021.
026   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Management Discussion and Analysis




      BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
      1.    Overview
            Proactively Adjust Development Strategy Amid Uncertain Macro Economy;
            Foster Long-Term Resilience and Enhance Operational Quality
            Looking back on 2023, despite a decline in energy prices that exceeded projections and global central
            banks’ interest rate hiked which to a certain extent alleviated inflationary pressures, the global macro-
            economic outlook remains uncertain due in part to geopolitical tensions and unpredictable variables.
            In 2023, China’s economy grew steadily in the post-pandemic era, and the GDP reported an annual
            growth of 5.2%. However, there are still risks and hidden dangers such as insufficient consumer demand
            and a sluggish real-estate market. The tangible results of economic stimulus policies remain yet to be
            reviewed, indicating that the path towards a further improvement of the domestic economy continues to
            present challenges.

            Looking at the industry, the traditional household appliance industry, including TVs, air conditioners,
            refrigerators and washing machines, etc., has maintained a stable trillion-yuan market size. Among them,
            there are structural improvement opportunities in TV market, such as a marked surge in the demand
            for mid-to-high-end TVs such as large-sized and Mini LED TVs. At the same time, with the transfer and
            concentration of global panel production capacity to Chinese enterprises, the market share of Chinese top
            brands in the TV industry has further increased, and it is expected to take advantage of this opportunity
            for further breakthrough in the future. The market size of air conditioners, refrigerators and washing
            machines industry is stable, but there is still a lot of room for exploration. Enterprises with brand and
            channel resource advantages are expected to further increase their market share. Besides, burgeoning
            sectors such as new energy demonstrated a robust growth, with newly installed capacity of the distributed
            photovoltaic industry in the PRC increasing by 88.5% year-on-year to 96.3 gigawatts in 20233.


            In the face of a challenging external environment, the Group has adapted to market changes with
            proactive strategic adjustments. We established a “Value Led by Brand with Global Efficiency in
            Operations, Driven by Technology and Paramount Vitality” development strategy with a strategic
            objective of evolving into a leading smart device enterprise with global operations. During the year, the
            Group implemented the key initiatives to foster the long-term business resilience through continuous
            enhancement of the five core capabilities, namely product, marketing, operational, organisational and
            collaborative innovation capabilities. By emphasising the mid-to-high-end market positioning strategy
            and international operations, the Group improved the penetration of the smart device market. On one
            hand, the Group has accelerated iterative improvements to display technologies such as Mini LED,
            continuously improved the product structure, and increased global market share. On the other hand,
            with user experience as the core, the Group further enriched platform content and enhanced the
            convenience of system control, aiming to consolidate the leading advantages of smart screen hardware
            and software business in the long term.




      3
            Source: National Energy Administration of the PRC.
                                                  TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   027

                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




Furthermore, during the year, the Group has actively explored new growth sectors such as photovoltaic
new energy, all-category marketing and AR/XR smart glasses. With these actions, the Group has
managed to diversify the revenue streams and enhance operational quality continuously.


Persistent Effect of Mid-to-High-End Strategy with Scaled Business
Expansion and Steady Profitable Growth
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s revenue reached HK$78,986 million, up by 10.7%
year-on-year. Benefitting from the optimisation of TCL smart screen product mix, steady business
expansion driven by the “mid-to-high-end + large-screen” strategy and increasingly apparent economies
of scale, gross profit grew by 12.5% year-on-year to HK$14,756 million. The overall gross profit margin
improved by 0.3 percentage points year-on-year to 18.7%. In terms of expenses, the Group adhered
to cost reduction and efficiency enhancement to continuously improve operational efficiency, with
administrative expense ratio decreasing by 1.1 percentage points year-on-year to 5.1%. At the same
time, while strengthening its own brand power, the Group maintained precise control over marketing
investments, achieving a year-on-year reduction in the selling and distribution expense ratio of 0.4
percentage points to 10.0% and driving the Group’s overall expense ratio down by 1.5 percentage
points to 15.1%.
028   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Management Discussion and Analysis




             In 2023, based on the brand power, global distribution channel resources and the advantage of vertical
             integration across the entire industry chain accumulated in the display business, the Group continued
             to drive the rapid development of innovative businesses such as distributed photovoltaics, all-category
             marketing and AR/XR smart glasses. Leveraging the internet business as a value-added service, the
             Group solidified the all-category layout of “intelligent IoT ecosystem” to create brand competitiveness
             with higher value. This led to improving economies of scale and drove the Group’s profit after tax
             up by 49.3% year-on-year to HK$827 million. Profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to
             HK$744 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 66.4%. Adjusted profit attributable to owners
             of the parent increased by 14.0% year-on-year to HK$803 million. In recognition of the unwavering
             support from Shareholders, the Board proposed a final dividend of HK16.00 cents per share in cash,
             representing a dividend payout ratio of 50.0% of the adjusted profit attributable to owners of the
             parent.


             Throughout the year, the Group’s overall financial position remained robust. As of 31 December
             2023, the Group’s gearing ratio (gross)4 stood at 37.2%. Committed to efficiency, the Group has also
             optimised its supply chain, logistics and service capabilities, as well as its cooperative ecosystem
             through its global layout, resulting in improved operational efficiencies. During the year, the Group’s
             inventory turnover was 69 days, representing a year-on-year acceleration of 9 days. The cash conversion
             cycle was 33 days, representing a year-on-year acceleration of 14 days.




      4
          Gearing ratio (gross) is calculated as total debt (i.e. total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease
          liabilities) divided by profit attributable to owners of the parent.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023        029

                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis




    Large-Sized Display Shipment Bucks the Trend as Internet Business and
    Innovative Businesses Continue to Grow Strongly
    In 2023, as the Group consistently launched market-leading smart device products to increase
    consumer awareness, accompanied by precise and targeted marketing promotions, the Group enhanced
    its brand awareness and reputation continuously, with the global brand index of TCL smart screen
    rising by 5.4% year-on-year to 855. At the same time, in response to market demand for “mid-to-high-end
    + large screen”, the Group drove continual breakthroughs in the scale of display business shipment. In
    2023, the shipment of TCL smart screen increased by 6.2% year-on-year to 25.26 million sets against
    the downward trend of the market. The global market share of TCL smart screen in terms of shipment
    and sales revenue increased by 0.8 percentage points to 12.5% and 1.3 percentage points to 10.7%,
    ranking among the top two and the top three globally respectively 6. Shipment of TCL smart screen of 65
    inches and above grew by 35.3% year-on-year and accounted for 24.6% of total smart screen shipment,
    representing an increase of 5.3 percentage points year-on-year. The average size of TCL smart screen
    increased by 2.7 inches year-on-year to 51.1 inches.


    The internet business and innovative businesses, representing a strong opportunity for the Group
    to drive profit growth, maintain robust expansion. During the year, the Group’s internet business
    revenue reached HK$2,763 million, representing an increase of 20.2% year-on-year. The gross profit
    margin grew by 4.6 percentage points year-on-year to 55.1%, demonstrating continuous contribution
    to profit. The Group’s innovative businesses revenue in 2023 saw a significant increase of 78.5%
    year-on-year to HK$18,640 million, with the photovoltaic business achieving
    revenue of HK$6,299 million in 2023, representing a
    year-on-year growth of 1,820.3%,
    achieving profitability. The scale of
    the all-category marketing business
    continued to expand, with revenue
    growing by 26.3% year-on-year to
    HK$10,409 million in 2023. The
    Group’s smart connection and
    smart home business revenue
    recorded a year-on-year increase
    of 3.2% to HK$1,932 million, with
    the gross profit margin of the smart
    connection business improving by
    11.0 percentage points year-on-year to
    25.4%.




5
    The brand index is calculated by dividing the market share of sales revenue of global TV brand by the market share
    of shipment of 2023 from Omdia.
6
    Source: Global TV brand shipment and sales revenue data of 2023 from Omdia.
030   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            Focus on Product Competitiveness and R&D Efficiency for Continued
            Technological Innovation with Widely Recognised Achievements
            In 2023, the Group’s R&D costs amounted to HK$2,327 million. The Group continued to invest in
            R&D in the field of smart devices, including Mini LED technology. This led to the creation of displays
            with tens of thousands of local dimming zones, positioning the Group’s Mini LED smart screen the
            first in the PRC market and the second in the global market in terms of sales volume and sales
            revenue, supported by technological advantages ahead of the industry. For picture-quality engines,
            the Group leveraged algorithms to unleash the potential of its hardware. By emphasising precision in
            local dimming controls, its products have set industry standards for the rendering of light and shadow
            details, incorporating AI-driven picture quality optimisation that adapts intelligently to different contents.
            In the XR glasses segment, the Group innovated a waveguide technology platform that boasts industry-leading
            clarity and a zero-distortion light engine, along with the most efficient luminous diffractive waveguide.
            This technology, coupled with the Group’s responsive proprietary SLAM algorithm, delivers a more
            realistic mixed-reality experience for users of the RayNeo X2 AR glasses. This advancement pushes the
            boundaries in intelligent interactive applications and elevates consumer experience.


            Throughout the year, the Group launched a range of products including Mini LED smart screen, smart
            tablets, AR/XR glasses, refrigerators and washing machines that have been internationally recognised.
            In the display business, the TCL X11 LINGYAO QD-Mini LED TV received the “Award for Innovative Mini
            LED Display of the Year 2022-2023”, the TCL X11G LINGYAO QD-Mini LED TV received the “Innovation
            Award” at the AWE Award Ceremony and the TCL C845 4K Mini LED TV won the “Display Technology
            Innovation Gold Award of the Year 2022-2023”. The TCL NXTPAPER 12 Pro tablet was awarded the “Eye
            Protection Innovation Award of the Year 2022-2023”. In the innovative businesses, the TCL Fresh Air
            III Series air conditioner received the “Outstanding Product Award” at the AWE Award Ceremony and
            the “Fresh Air Health Pioneer” title, while the TCL G160Q10-HDY Dual Wash series washing machine
            was awarded the “Outstanding Product Award”. In terms of AR/XR smart glasses, the RayNeo X2 was
            honored with the “China Information Technology Expo (CITE) Innovation Award”. Various new intelligent
            products of the Group have been recognised with awards on a number of occasions, reflecting the
            Group’s leading position in cutting-edge display technology and smart devices.


      2.    Display Business
            2.1. Large-Sized Display
                   Evolution of Demand for Mid-to-High-End Large Screen Reinforced by a Dual-Brand Strategy Leads
                   to Quality Growth in Shipment Scale and Revenue
                   According to data from Omdia, the shipment of global TV industry in 2023 stood at 201 million
                   sets, showing a slight decline of 0.9% year-on-year. Local markets such as North America,
                   Eastern Europe, Latin America and the Caribbean, as well as Asia and Oceania continued to
                   grow, but the shipment to regions like Japan, Western Europe, the PRC, the Middle East and
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   031

                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




           Africa saw a year-on-year contraction. Benefitting from the implementation of the Group’s
           “mid-to-high-end + large screen” strategy and the “TCL + Falcon” dual-brand strategy, the global
           shipment of TCL smart screen increased by 6.2% year-on-year to 25.26 million sets in 2023,
           with revenue from the smart screen business growing by 7.6% year-on-year to HK$48,632
           million, both outperforming the industry’s average level. The global market share of TCL smart
           screen in terms of shipment increased from 5.6% in 2015 to 12.5% in 2023. The market share
           of global shipment in 2023 has increased by 0.8 percentage points year-on-year, maintaining the
           second position globally in shipment scale. The market share of TCL smart screen in terms of
           global revenue reached 10.7%, improving by 1.3 percentage points year-on-year, ranking among
           the global top three7 in terms of revenue, and further expanding the Group’s market share.


           As the trend toward high-end and large-screen products in the global TV industry continues,
           the Group seized market opportunities created by shifting demand to further promote the
           implementation of the “mid-to-high-end + large screen” and the “TCL + Falcon” dual-brand
           strategy, and launched high-quality and cost-effective products tailored to diverse consumer
           needs, achieving steady growth in global shipment of TCL large-sized smart screen. In 2023,
           shipment of TCL smart screen of 65 inches and above grew by 35.3% year-on-year, accounting
           for 24.6% of the total shipment of TCL smart screen and representing an increase of 5.3
           percentage points year-on-year. The average size increased by 2.7 inches year-on-year from 48.4
           inches to 51.1 inches. Meanwhile, the global shipment of TCL Mini LED smart screen increased
           by 180.1% year-on-year, while shipment of TCL QLED smart screen also saw a year-on-year
           increase of 116.1%.




7
    Source: Global TV brand shipment and sales revenue data from 2015 to 2023 from Omdia.
032   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                   As a leading enterprise in Mini LED display technology, the Group continued to invest in the R&D for
                   Mini LED technology, leading the segmented market and consolidating its innovative edge. Following
                   the launch of the TCL Q10H flagship Mini LED TV in May 2023 to cater to audio-visual enthusiasts,
                   the Group released the world’s first 115-inch QD-Mini LED giant-screen TV in August 2023, the
                   X11G Max, which offers the ultimate audio-visual experience for users seeking giant-screen audio-
                   visual entertainment at home. The TCL X11G Max is the world’s largest QD-Mini LED TV and is also
                   the first QD-Mini LED TV to feature over 20,000 local dimming zones, with a peak brightness of
                   5,000 nits. The product’s hardware features include TXR Mini LED image enhancement processor
                   chip, AiPQ Processor and the ONKYO 6.2.2 Hi-Fi audio system, which fully demonstrates the
                   achievements of the Group in the field of large-screen TVs and Mini LED displays.


                   The PRC Market
                   In 2023, the overall PRC TV industry exhibited signs of sluggish consumption. According
                   to data from Omdia, the shipment scale of the PRC TV industry in 2023 was 37.60 million
                   sets, representing a year-on-year decrease of 12.4%. Despite the overall downturn, the Group
                   continued to cultivate brand power and domestic channel layout throughout the year, significantly
                   outperforming the industry average. Although the annual shipment of TCL smart screen in the
                   PRC market fell by 4.3% year-on-year in 2023, shipment in the second half of the year increased
                   by 24.8% compared to the first half of the year, with the fourth quarter experiencing a 33.0%
                   quarter-on-quarter increase, indicating a gradual improvement in market conditions, which drove
                   the annual revenue of TCL smart screen in the PRC market up by 5.4% year-on-year to HK$16,016
                   million.


                   At the same time, the Group continued to promote the high-end upgrading of TV throughout the
                   year. In 2023, shipment of 65 inches and above TCL smart screen in the PRC market increased by
                   18.2% year-on-year, accounting for 53.9% of the Group’s total shipment of smart screen in the PRC
                   market, up by 10.3 percentage points year-on-year. Shipment of 75 inches and above TCL smart
                   screen grew by 45.8% year-on-year, accounting for 32.4% of the Group’s total shipment of TCL
                   smart screen in the PRC market, representing an increase of 11.2 percentage points year-on-year.


                   According to the latest omnichannel data from CMM, in 2023, the market share of TCL smart
                   screen in terms of retail sales revenue increased by 3.5 percentage points year-on-year to 18.1%,
                   securing the second position in the PRC market. The PRC market brand index rose by 10.0%
                   year-on-year to 1328, ranking the first among Chinese brands. During the 2023 “Double Eleven”
                   shopping festival9, the Group’s products ranked the first in the TV category on Tmall in terms
                   of cumulative GMV. TCL Mini LED smart screen dominated the JD.com “Double Eleven” home
                   appliance ranking chart, securing seven titles in the Mini LED category, even occupying the top four
                   spots, further solidifying the Group’s leadership in the domestic large-screen market.




      8
            The brand index is calculated by dividing the market share of sales revenue by the market share of sales volume of
            2023 from CMM’s omni-channel data.
      9
            The statistical period spanning is from 31 October 2023 to 11 November 2023.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      033

                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




            International Markets
            In 2023, the global economy remained complex and volatile, with wide disparities in consumer
            market conditions across different regions. Notably, North American markets and Emerging Markets
            showed relatively ideal performance. The Group has successfully captured the growing demand for
            high-end and large-screen display products, driving a 10.0% year-on-year increase in the shipment
            of TCL smart screen in international markets. The shipment of 65 inches and above TCL smart
            screen in the international market increased by 60.3% year-on-year, which drove TCL smart screen
            revenue in the international market up by 8.7% year-on-year to HK$32,616 million during the year.


            According to the latest reports by GfK and Circana, the market share of the Group’s TCL smart
            screen in terms of shipment ranked among the top five in nearly 30 overseas countries in 2023,
            including:


            •      North American Markets: In 2023, the demand from North American TV market has reversed
                   and showed a recovery trend, with shipment of TV industry achieving a year-on-year growth
                   of 8.1%10. In comparison, the Group’s smart screen business in North America performed
                   well, with shipment growing 15.8% year-on-year, outperforming the industry average. Among
                   them, TCL smart screen’s retail sales volume ranked No.2 in the U.S., No.3 in Canada and
                   No.5 in Mexico, respectively (Source: Circana11);


            •      Emerging Markets: In 2023, the regional economy continued to recover and exhibited great
                   growth potential. The scale of middle-income group in the region expanded, leading to a
                   steady increase in consumer demand. The Group continued to deeply cultivate Emerging
                   Markets and improved the layout of distribution channels, driving a 17.0% year-on-year
                   increase in the shipment of TCL smart screen in Emerging Markets, which significantly
                   outperformed the industry average. Among them, TCL smart screen secured the top spot for
                   market share in terms of sales volume in Australia, the Philippines, Myanmar and Pakistan;
                   the second position in Saudi Arabia; the third in Kazakhstan and Brazil; the fourth in
                   Vietnam, Thailand and Argentina; and the fifth in India, Chile, Ecuador and the United Arab
                   Emirates (Source: GfK12); and


            •      European Markets: In 2023, consumer confidence in European markets remained subdued
                   due to persistently high core inflation and the risk of a potential economic recession,
                   resulting in a 4.4%13 year-on-year decline in TV industry shipment. Benefitting from the solid
                   brand foundation, the Group’s brand TV shipment in the European markets increased by
                   18.4% year-on-year. TCL smart screen’s sales volume maintained the second ranking in
                   the industry in France; the third in Spain, the Czech Republic and Sweden; the fourth in
                   Italy, Poland and Hungary; and the fifth in the Netherlands and Greece (Source: GfK14).



10
     Source: North America’s TV brand shipment data of 2023 from Omdia.
11
     Source: Circana’s U.S./Canada/Mexico Retail Market Survey Report based on TV retail sales volume from January
     2023 to December 2023.
12
     Source: Global market report of GfK, based on TV retail sales volume from January 2023 to December 2023.
13
     Source: European TV brand shipment data of 2023 from Omdia.
14
     Source: Global market report of GfK, based on TV retail sales volume from January 2023 to December 2023.
034   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Management Discussion and Analysis




              2.2 Small-and-Medium-Sized Display
                     Despite Sluggish Market Demand, Focus on Quality Growth with Profitability to be Continuously
                     Improved
                     In 2023, the demand for mobile communication devices and tablets remained sluggish, with global
                     shipment of mobile phones and tablets dropping by 4.0% and 20.5%15 year-on-year, respectively.
                     During the year, the Group’s small-and-medium-sized display business continued to focus on
                     development, high-quality operation and streamlined structure, and further consolidated the
                     omnichannel coverage of first-tier network operators in Europe and America. In 2023, the
                     revenue from small-and-medium-sized display business reached HK$7,053 million, representing
                     a year-on-year contraction of 40.2%, which greatly dragged down the Group’s overall revenue
                     growth. However, the operational efficiency was improved as a result of the streamlining of the
                     product line of this business segment by the Group during the year, and gross profit margin
                     recorded an increase of 6.3 percentage points year-on-year to 22.2%. The profitability of the
                     tablet business continued to improve, with gross profit margin increasing by 9.5 percentage
                     points year-on-year to 26.4% during the year.


                     With respect to major markets worldwide, according to the latest IDC report, in 2023, the
                     Group’s smartphone shipment ranked the fourth in the U.S. and fifth in Canada; while in terms
                     of Android tablet shipment, the Group ranked the fourth worldwide, the third in the U.S., the
                     fourth in Western Europe and the fifth in Latin America.


              2.3 Smart Commercial Display
                     Focus on the IFPD Market, Provide Multi-Scenario Product Solutions and Continuously Deepen
                     Brand Cooperation
                     In 2023, the Group focused on display technology and used the Group’s commercial operation
                     system as the link to connect multiple display categories, especially focusing on the IFPD
                     market and providing multi-scenario product solutions encompassing smart education, smart
                     enterprise and smart medical solutions, with related revenue amounting to HK$855 million.
                     The Group continued to cooperate with DingTalk and Tencent to bolster the development of
                     the IFPD market, empowered office, education and medical scenarios, provided multi-scenario
                     product solutions, and deepened cooperation with leading overseas IFPD brands. The Group
                     launched new flagship smart conference products and the first 115-inch large commercial FPD
                     screen during the year.




      15
           Source: IDC’s global shipment data of mobile phone and tablet for 2023.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   035

                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




3.   Internet Business
     Focus on User Experience, Promote Innovation and Overseas Business;
     Achieve Double-Digit Growth in Global Revenue and Steady Contribution
     to Profitability
     The Group continued to develop the global presence of home internet business and strived to provide
     users with products and services that allow multi-screen real-time interaction and smart sensing. For
     the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s global internet business revenue achieved a 20.2%
     year-on-year increase to HK$2,763 million. The gross profit margin increased by 4.6 percentage points
     year-on-year to 55.1%, exhibiting a significant improvement in profitability.


     3.1 Internet Business in the PRC Market
           In 2023, the Group’s PRC internet business focused on user experience, and continued to enrich
           platform content and enhance platform operational efficiency. In 2023, the domestic internet
           business recorded a revenue of HK$2,061 million, representing an increase of 14.7% year-on-
           year. With the enrichment in platform content, the Group’s vertical and innovative businesses
           such as music, games, education, children products and application stores have expanded. At
           the same time, the Group launched the first customised children’s exclusive column “Super
           Story Painter” ( 超級智繪 ) AI story collection based on a cutting-edge AI large-language model
           during the year. This was the first customised content column generated by AI large-language
           model technology in the internet TV industry, which not only reflected the Group’s expertise
           in utilising professional AI large-language model technology to produce a wealth of content for
036   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                   smart devices, but also demonstrated the Group’s ability to provide value-added content for
                   display products and empower smart home scenarios. In addition, as an innovator in the OTT
                   field, the Group launched its self-developed smart screen system “LINGKONG UI” during the
                   year that integrated design aesthetics, innovative technology and user experience. The system
                   used a minimalist, smart card-style design language to replace the waterfall-flow information
                   presentation and interaction method of the traditional TV system, which greatly improved the
                   readability of information, and the highly customisable and intelligent interaction methods could
                   meet the personalised needs of different family members in different scenarios.



            3.2 Internet Business in International Markets
                   During the year, the Group actively maintained close cooperation with internet giants like
                   Google, Roku and Netflix to continuously enhance users’ experience. At the same time, the
                   Group increased the monetisation capability by reaching out to the vast number of TCL smart
                   screen users through partnerships with OTT platforms. As of the end of December 2023, TCL
                   Channel, the Group’s integrated content application, was available in 60 countries and regions
                   in North America, Europe, Central and South America, and Asia Pacific, with a total user base
                           reaching more than 23 million. In 2023, the Group’s internet business revenue from
                                      the international market reached HK$702 million, representing a substantial
                                      increase of 40.1% year-on-year.


                                      4.        Innovative Businesses
                                      4.1       Photovoltaic Business
                                      Focusing on Positioning as a Photovoltaic System Integration Operator and
                                      Product Brand Owner, Business Scale Grows Rapidly and Achieves Profitability
                                      The Group has officially operated the photovoltaic business since the
                                      second quarter of 2022. In 2023, positioned as a “User-Oriented, World-
                                                 Leading Distributed Intelligent Energy Solutions Service
                                                 Provider”, the Group has fully leveraged its industrial synergy
                                                 advantages. By leveraging the comprehensive upstream
                                                 photovoltaic industry chain, rich financial partner resources,
                                                 abundant industrial and commercial project reserves,
                                                 and the channel coverage and penetration advantages accumulated
                                                 over the years in the PRC, the scale of distributed photovoltaic
                                                 business has expanded continuously. As of the end of December
                                                    2023, the Group’s photovoltaic business had extended coverage
                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    037

                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




    to 20 major provinces and cities in the PRC. In 2023, revenue from the photovoltaic business
    achieved a year-on-year increase of 1,820.3%, reaching HK$6,299 million, with more than 70
    new industrial and commercial contracted projects and more than 500 new channel distributors
    during the year, and a total of more than 40,000 contracted rural residents.


    The Group seeks to deeply promote the high-quality development of distributed photovoltaic
    business in the region with an eye on going global. In terms of household business, with the
    goal of entering the top tier, the Group will strengthen the channel layout and explore the
    business growth direction under the environment of gradually improving trading policies in the
    electric power market. In terms of commercial business, the Group has entered industrial and
    commercial storage and other businesses by providing multi-scenario solutions and financial
    model innovation to enhance regional influence. In terms of overseas markets, the Group has
    achieved product launches and will strive to enter the leading optical energy storage professional
    distributor and installer channels in key overseas countries, validate the business model, and
    create a complete product matrix. In the long run, the Group will seize the opportunities of global
    energy transition and carbon-neutral development and strive to achieve the transitioning of its
    domestic photovoltaic power station business into a global provider of integrated new energy
    solutions.


4.2 All-Category Marketing
    Leverage Brand and Channel Resources to Generate Synergies and Achieve Double-Digit Revenue
    Growth
    Leveraging the global brand influence and cross-region market channel layout accumulated
    from the display business over the years, the Group’s global distribution business of smart
    appliances, including air conditioners, refrigerators and washing machines, continued to grow.
    In 2023, revenue from the all-category marketing business increased by 26.3% year-on-year to
    HK$10,409 million, the gross profit increased by 60.3% year-on-year to HK$1,740 million, and
    the gross profit margin increased by 3.5 percentage points year-on-year to 16.7%. At the same
    time, the Group launched a number of intelligent products during 2023, including the TCL Fresh
    Air Series P7 air conditioner that integrated “smart health”, “energy efficiency and environmental
    protection”, and “AI intelligence” functions, as well as the TCL Free Built-in series refrigerators
    and the TCL Dual Wash series integrating washing, drying and care. Various new smart products
    of the Group have garnered prestigious industry accolades such as the “AWE Outstanding
    Product Award”, the “AWE Innovation Award”, and the “iF Design Award”, further enhancing the
    branding power of the Group. Furthermore, according to the global shipment data of China IOL in
    2023, TCL air conditioners ranked the fourth globally.
038   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Management Discussion and Analysis




              4.3 Smart Connection and Smart Home
                     Continue to Improve the Intelligent IoT Ecosystem Layout and Advance Product R&D and Promotion
                     In 2023, the Group’s smart connection and smart home businesses recorded revenue of
                     HK$1,932 million, achieving a year-on-year growth of 3.2%. Among them, the revenue from smart
                     home business amounted to HK$706 million, the revenue from smart connection business
                     increased by 6.3% year-on-year to HK$1,226 million, and the gross profit margin of the smart
                     connection business increased significantly by 11.0 percentage points year-on-year to 25.4%,
                     demonstrating further improvement in profitability. For the smart connection business, the Group
                     continued to deepen the efforts in the carrier channel, reduce costs and increase efficiency to
                     achieve quality growth during 2023. For the smart home business, the Group launched a number
                     of new smart door-lock products within the year, which accounted for more than 50% of the total
                     shipment of new products across all channels. Additionally, the Group successfully penetrated
                     offline regional chain channels, resulting in a remarkable year-on-year surge of over 30% in the
                     offline door-lock shipment during the year. In addition, the Group was committed to developing
                     AR and XR smart glasses category in 2023. RayNeo, a company internally incubated by the
                     Group, launched consumer-grade AR glasses RayNeo X2 and X2 Lite, as well as the new XR
                     glasses RayNeo Air2 in the PRC. As of 31 December 2023, RayNeo has continued to rank the
                     first in the domestic consumer-grade AR glasses in terms of online market share16.


      5.      Outlook
              The Shift of Panel Production Capacity Has Stabilised Prices,
              Development Trend of the Upstream and Downstream Industries
              Improved; Demand for Mid-to-High-End Products Remains Unchanged
              In recent years, as panel production capacity has accelerated its shift to the Chinese Mainland, a
              concentrated competition landscape has emerged, leading to increased industry concentration and
              strengthening of pricing power. Since February 2023, leading upstream companies have cut production
              to stabilise panel prices, while downstream end manufacturers have relatively controllable raw material
              costs, which is beneficial for the synchronised, healthy and stable development of the TV industry’s
              entire supply chain. Meanwhile, the global top four TV brands’ concentration in terms of shipment
              steadily rose from 46.1% in 2018 to 53.7% 17 in 2023. Additionally, as per a report from Sigmaintell,
              global shipment of 75-inch and above large-screen TVs, as well as high-refresh-rate TVs, are forecasted
              to achieve rapid development with annual compound growth rates of 47.1% and 18.1% respectively
              from 2023 to 2025.


              Looking ahead to 2024, the global economy growth is expected to stay slow and unbalanced. However,
              the Group believes that as the global TV market gradually enters a stock stage, the industry will
              continue to undergo structural upgrades, with a focus on large-screen and mid-to-high-end development.
              Leading brand manufacturers with vertical industry chain advantages will have a stronger market
              position. The Group will continue to enhance the brand image and solidify product technology and


      16
           Source: AR online sales volume data for the PRC market of 2023 from RUNTO.
      17
           Source: Global TV brand shipment data from 2018 to 2023 from Omdia.
                                                  TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   039

                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




quality in the face of an uncertain external operating environment, and remain committed to the
strategy of developing mid-to-high-end and large-screen products by adopting a global perspective in
product development, strengthening regional alignment, and increasing global market share.


Strengthen the Core Display Business while Seizing Opportunities in
Emerging Markets and Accelerating the Cultivation and Expansion of New
Businesses
Going forward, the Group will deepen the strategy of “Value Led by Brand with Global Efficiency in
Operation, Driven by Technology and Paramount Vitality”, continue to consolidate the display business
and the internet business which leverages and develops based on the display business, firmly
implement the mid-to-high-end strategy and the dual-brand strategy of “TCL + Falcon”, prioritise users’
experience continuously, while advancing supply chain cost reduction and efficiency improvement to
steadily increase revenue and profitability.


Besides, the Group will seize opportunities in Emerging Markets, efficiently leverage the existing
vertical industry chain, sales channels, financial resources and technological advantages to explore
the second growth curve, which will drive the continuous expansion of diversified businesses such as
distributed photovoltaic, all-category marketing and smart glasses, and accelerate the cultivation and
development of new products and new sectors. Meanwhile, the Group will continuously enhance the
product, marketing, operational, organisational and collaborative innovation capabilities, continuously
upgrade the brand power and product competitiveness, deepening the layout of “Globalisation” and
“Technological”, and be committed to advancing towards the goal of becoming a world-leading smart
device enterprise.
040   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Management Discussion and Analysis




      Comparison between 2023 and 2022
      The table below lists and compares the figures of 2023 and 2022:


                                                                         For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                                                (Restated)


      REVENUE                                                               78,986,064         71,351,415
      Cost of sales                                                        (64,230,369)       (58,239,832)


      Gross profit                                                          14,755,695        13,111,583
      Other income and gains                                                 1,809,376         3,140,951
      Selling and distribution expenses                                     (7,899,579)       (7,401,415)
      Administrative expenses                                               (4,012,973)       (4,428,643)
      Research and development costs                                        (2,326,980)       (2,531,283)
      Other operating expenses                                                (243,614)         (385,315)
      Impairment losses of financial assets, net                              (138,731)          (91,520)


                                                                             1,943,194          1,414,358
      Finance costs                                                           (885,497)          (668,671)
      Shares of profits and losses of:
         – Joint ventures                                                       (2,220)            26,784
         – Associates                                                           92,707             63,057


      Profit before tax                                                      1,148,184            835,528
      Income tax                                                              (321,375)          (281,694)


      Profit for the year                                                      826,809           553,834


      Profit attributable to owners of the parent                              743,633           446,975

      Non-HKFRS measure:
        Adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent                   802,704           704,390
                                                                  TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023          041

                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




Revenue
The Group’s revenue increased by 10.7% year-on-year from HK$71,351 million in 2022 to HK$78,986 million
in 2023. The following table sets out the Group’s revenue by business for the years ended 31 December
2023 and 31 December 2022.


                                                                     For the year ended 31 December
                                                                  2023                                  2022
                                                                          Proportion                             Proportion
                                                                         of the total                          of the total
                                                      HK$ Million            revenue        HK$ Million            revenue


Display Business 18                                        56,540              71.6%             57,907              81.1%
     – Large-Sized Display                                 48,632              61.6%             45,194              63.3%
          – The PRC Market                                 16,016              20.3%             15,194              21.3%
          – International Markets                          32,616              41.3%             30,000              42.0%
     – Small-and-Medium-Sized Display                       7,053                8.9%            11,802              16.5%
     – Smart Commercial Display                                855               1.1%                911              1.3%


Internet Business 19                                        2,763                3.5%             2,298               3.2%
     – The PRC Market                                       2,061                2.6%             1,797               2.5%
     – International Markets                                   702               0.9%                501              0.7%


Innovative Business 20                                     18,640              23.6%             10,444              14.7%
     – All-Category Marketing                              10,409              13.2%              8,243              11.6%
     – Photovoltaic Business                                6,299                8.0%                328              0.5%
     – Smart Connection and
          Smart Home                                        1,932                2.4%             1,873               2.6%


Others                                                      1,043                1.3%                702              1.0%


Total Revenue                                              78,986             100.0%             71,351            100.0%




18
     “Display business” (including large-sized display (i.e. smart screen business), small-and-medium-sized display and
     smart commercial display) corresponds to (i) the “Smart screen” segment; and (ii) the display business in both “Smart
     mobile, connective devices and services” segment and “Smart commercial display, smart home, photovoltaic and other
     businesses” segment as set out in the operating segment information of the notes to the financial statements.
19
     “Internet business” refers to “Internet business” as set out in the operating segment information of the notes to the
     financial statements.
20
     “Innovative business” (including all-category marketing, photovoltaic and smart connection, smart home business)
     corresponds to (i) “All-category marketing” segment; and (ii) the remaining business after excluding the display business
     both in the “Smart mobile, connective devices and services” segment and the “Smart commercial display, smart home,
     photovoltaic and other businesses” segment as set out in the operating segment information of notes to the financial
     statements.
042   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Management Discussion and Analysis




      Display Business
      The revenue from the display business decreased by 2.4% year-on-year from HK$57,907 million in 2022 to
      HK$56,540 million in 2023. The decline was mainly due to continued sluggish demand in the communication
      devices and tablets markets during the year, coupled with the implementation of the Group’s strategy of
      focusing on the operation of this business, revenue from the small-and-medium-sized display business
      declined by 40.2% year-on-year. In addition, the smart screen business consolidated the mid-to-high-end
      operating quality to achieve the goal of high-quality growth, with the revenue scale of the large-sized display
      business increased by 7.6% year-on-year.


      Internet Business
      The revenue from the internet business increased by 20.2% year-on-year, from HK$2,298 million in 2022
      to HK$2,763 million in 2023. The growth was primarily driven by the continuous expansion of vertical and
      innovative business revenue in the PRC market during the year. At the same time, the Group continued to
      actively maintain close cooperation with internet giants, reaching users in international markets through the
      OTT platforms of our partners, which drove a significant year-on-year growth of 40.1% in the internet business
      revenue in international markets.


      Innovative Business
      The innovative business revenue saw a significant increase of 78.5% year-on-year from HK$10,444 million
      in 2022 to HK$18,640 million in 2023. This growth was primarily driven by the photovoltaic business which
      leveraged upstream industrial chain, financial partnerships, and industrial and commercial project resources
      within the year, along with strong presence in domestic channels, achieving a year-on-year revenue growth
      of 1,820.3%. Additionally, the all-category marketing business, leveraging the global brand influence and
      cross-geographical market channel deployment, contributed to a 26.3% year-on-year increase in revenue during
      the year.


      Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
      The overall gross profit increased by 12.5% year-on-year from HK$13,112 million in 2022 to HK$14,756
      million in 2023. Gross profit margin in 2023 was 18.7%, representing an increase of 0.3 percentage points
      when compared to that of 2022. The growth in the Group’s gross profit was mainly attributable to the Group’s
      persistence in promoting the mid-to-high-end transformation strategy of smart screen business, promoting its
      steady year-on-year growth of gross profit, as well as continuously expanding the gross profit of the innovative
      business and the internet business as a result of the Group’s commitment to the diversification of the
      business, coupled with appropriate cost control measures, which resulted in a higher growth in revenue than
      the increase in costs. The year-on-year increase in gross profit margin was mainly attributable to the continued
      improvement in the profitability of innovation business and internet business.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   043

                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




Display Business
In 2023, the gross profit margin of the display business increased by 0.1 percentage points
year-on-year to 18.3%. The improvement was primarily attributable to the streamlining of
product lines and improvement in operational efficiency of the Group’s small-and-medium-sized
display business during the year, with the profitability of the tablet business improving significantly. At the
same time, the Group continued to implement its “TCL+ Falcon” dual brand strategy and further expanded the
shipment scale.


Internet Business
In 2023, the gross profit margin of the internet business was 55.1%, up by 4.6 percentage points year-on-
year. The increase was primarily attributable to the Group’s focus on user experience, constant enrichment
of platform content, enhancement of platform operation efficiency, and rapid development of vertical and
innovative businesses as well as overseas businesses with relatively high gross profit.


Innovative Business
The gross profit margin of the innovative business for the year 2023 was 14.7%, showing a year-on-year
increase of 1.2 percentage points, mainly attributable to the Group’s all-category marketing business fully
leveraging the established brands and channel resources, promoting significant growth in scale through
synergistic effects, coupled with the continued expansion of the product rollout of the smart connection
business and deepening of the carrier channels, as well as the continued expansion of the photovoltaic
business, which has resulted in economies of scale, leading to further improvement in profitability.


Other Income and Gains
Other income and gains decreased by 42.4% year-on-year from HK$3,141 million in 2022 to HK$1,809 million
in 2023, mainly due to lower exchange gains resulted from exchange rate fluctuations compared to the
corresponding period in 2022.


Selling and Distribution Expenses
The selling and distribution expenses recorded a 6.7% year-on-year increase from HK$7,401 million in 2022
to HK$7,900 million in 2023. This was primarily driven by the Group’s strategic larger investment in brand
marketing to strengthen TCL’s global brand power and mid-to-high-end image, as well as to enhance the
brand’s premium capacity, resulting in the increase in related expenses.


Administrative Expenses
The administrative expenses experienced a 9.4% year-on-year decrease from HK$4,429 million in 2022 to
HK$4,013 million in 2023. This was mainly attributable to the decrease of net realised loss on the settlement
of derivative financial instruments during the year.
044   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                    R&D Costs
                                                                    The Group’s R&D costs decreased by 8.1%
                                                                    year-on-year from HK$2,531 million in 2022 to
                                                                    HK$2,327 million in 2023. The decrease was
                                                                    mainly attributable to the strategic downsizing
                                                                    of the small-and-medium-sized display
                                                                    business, resulting in a reduction in related
                                                                    R&D costs, as well as improved efficiency by
                                                                    increasing investment in platformisation and
                                                                    modularisation.


                                                                    Impairment Losses on Financial
                                                                    Assets, Net
                                                                    The net impairment loss on financial
                                                                    assets increased by 51.6% year-on-year
                                                                    from HK$91.52 million in 2022 to HK$139
                                                                    million in 2023, mainly due to the increase
                                                                    in provision for trade receivables from a
                                                                    commercial retailer (being a listed company)
                                                                    during the year.


      Finance Costs
      Finance costs increased by 32.4% year-on-year from HK$669 million in 2022 to HK$885 million in 2023,
      mainly due to the increase in the federal funds rate of the U.S. and the increase in interest expenses on
      discounted bills and factored receivables during the year.


      Share of Profits and Losses – Joint Ventures and Associates
      The Group’s share of profits increased slightly by 0.7% from HK$89.84 million in 2022 to HK$90.49 million
      in 2023.


      Profit before Tax
      Profit before tax increased by 37.4% year-on-year from HK$836 million in 2022 to HK$1,148 million in 2023,
      mainly due to the realisation of economies of scale and improved profitability as the Group’s overall revenue
      scale continued to expand, coupled with appropriate cost reduction and efficiency gains. Moreover, the
      amount in 2022 included net losses from investment companies in 2022.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      045

                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




Income Tax
The Group’s income tax increased by 14.1% year-on-year from to HK$282 million in 2022 to HK$321 million
in 2023, mainly due to the increase in profit before tax of certain subsidiaries of the Company in 2023.


Profit for the Year and Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent
The Group’s profit increased by 49.3% year-on-year from HK$554 million in 2022 to HK$827 million in 2023.
The Group’s profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 66.4% year-on-year from HK$447 million
in 2022 to HK$744 million in 2023. The increase was mainly due to the Group’s mid-to-high-end strategy
which was well deployed in 2023 as the Group continued to expand the scale of high-margin business
segments and improve the quality of its operation. These initiatives, coupled with appropriate cost controls,
led to an increase in profitability. Moreover, the amount in 2022 included net losses from investment
companies in 2022.


Non-HKFRS Measure: Adjusted Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent
The adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 14.0% year-on-year from HK$704 million
in 2022 to HK$803 million in 2023.


To supplement the Group’s consolidated results prepared and presented in accordance with HKFRS issued
by HKICPA, the Group uses non-HKFRS adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent as an additional
financial measure. The Group defines adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent as profit attributable
to owners of the parent after adding back the following adjustments: (i) (gain)/loss from investment
companies, net; (ii) (gain)/loss on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries, net; (iii) (gain)/loss related to call
options and put options, net; (iv) (gain)/loss on disposal of non-current assets, net; and (v) income tax effect.


Whilst adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent is not required by or presented in accordance with
HKFRS, the management of the Company believes that such non-HKFRS financial measure provides useful
supplementary information to investors in assessing the results of the Group’s core businesses by excluding
the impact of certain non-cash items, investments and non-current assets transactions. However, such
unaudited non-HKFRS financial measure should be regarded as supplement to, but not substitute for, the
Group’s financial results prepared in accordance with HKFRS. In addition, the definition of such non-HKFRS
financial measure does not have a standardised meaning prescribed by HKFRS and therefore may not be
comparable to similar measures presented by other companies and may differ from similar terminology used
by other companies. Accordingly, the use of such non-HKFRS measure has limitation as an analytical tool, and
investors should not consider it in isolation form, or as a substitute for analysis of our results of operations
or financial conditions as reported under HKFRS.
046   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Management Discussion and Analysis




      The following tables set forth reconciliations of the Group’s adjusted profit attributable to owners of the
      parent to the nearest comparable financial measure (profit attributable to owners of the parent) prepared and
      presented in accordance with HKFRS.


                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2023                  2022
                                                                                                HK$’000               HK$’000
                                                                                                                     (Restated)


      Profit attributable to owners of the parent, as reported                                  743,633               446,975
      (Gain)/loss from investment companies, net        21
                                                                                                 (62,750)             300,825
      (Gain)/loss on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries, net      22
                                                                                                 (20,998)               (4,529)
      (Gain)/loss related to call options and put options, net23                                111,129                (39,975)
      (Gain)/loss on disposal of non-current assets, net24                                        13,228                 1,094
      Income tax effect   25
                                                                                                  18,462                       –


      Non-HKFRS measure:
           Adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent                                 802,704               704,390




      21
           (Gain)/loss from investment companies, net includes net (gains)/losses on deemed disposals, disposals, liquidations,
           deemed partial purchases of investment companies.
      22
           (Gain)/loss on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries, net includes gain on bargain purchase, net (gains)/losses
           deemed disposals, disposals and liquidation of subsidiaries.
      23
           (Gain)/loss related to call options and put options, net include changes in fair value of call options and put options,
           imputed interests on a financial liability arising from a put option and net (gain)/loss on expiration of call options.
      24
           (Gain)/loss on disposal of non-current assets, net includes (gain)/losses on disposal of fixed assets, other intangible
           assets, right-of-use assets and other assets.
      25
           Income tax effect refers to the income tax effect of non-HKFRS adjustments.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   047

                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




FINANCIAL REVIEW
Significant Investments, Acquisitions and Disposals
On 7 July 2023 (São Paulo time) (7 July 2023, Hong Kong time after trading hours), TCL SEMP and STA
entered into the subscription bulletin, pursuant to which STA agreed to subscribe for, and TCL SEMP agreed
to issue and allot to STA, the subscription shares which represent approximately 6.25% of the issued shares
of TCL SEMP as enlarged by the subscription (“Subscription”). Prior to the entering into of the subscription
bulletin, TCL SEMP was owned as to 80% and 20% by TCL NL and STA respectively. Immediately after the
issuance and allotment of the subscription shares mentioned above to STA, TCL SEMP was owned as to
approximately 75% and 25% by TCL NL and STA respectively. TCL SEMP would remain to be a subsidiary of
the Company, and the results, assets and liabilities of TCL SEMP would continue to be consolidated into the
accounts of the Group.


Upon the completion of the Subscription, in order to reflect the shareholders’ rights and obligations following
the aforesaid change in shareholding in and of TCL SEMP and with a view to strengthening the cooperation
between the parties, on the same date (i.e. 7 July 2023 (São Paulo time) (7 July 2023, Hong Kong time after
trading hours)), TCL NL, STA, TCL SEMP and Affonso Brandão Hennel entered into the new shareholders’
agreement in respect of TCL SEMP, pursuant to which, among others, (i) the shareholders’ agreement dated
20 July 2020 (São Paulo time) (21 July 2020, Hong Kong time) in respect of TCL SEMP (and hence the
call option and the put option granted thereunder) was thereby terminated in its entirety; (ii) STA granted
the new call option to TCL NL (or its designated assignee), pursuant to which TCL NL (or its designated
assignee) would have the right to purchase from STA, and STA would be obliged to sell to TCL NL (or its
designated assignee), all but not less than all option shares at the new call option purchase price; and (iii)
TCL NL granted the new put option to STA, pursuant to which STA would have the right to sell to TCL NL (or
its designated assignee), and TCL NL (by itself or via its designated assignee) would be obliged to purchase
from STA, all but not less than all option shares at the new put option purchase price, which is subject to a
maximum price of R$1,200,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$1,935,960,000). For further details,
please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 7 July 2023.


On 27 September 2023 (after trading hours), Huizhou TCL Mobile entered into an equity transfer agreement
with TCL Industries Holdings, pursuant to which Huizhou TCL Mobile agreed to sell, and TCL Industries
Holdings agreed to purchase, the target equity interest representing 10% equity interest in and of Huizhou
Kuyu at the consideration of RMB51,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$55,720,000).
048   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Management Discussion and Analysis




      Immediately prior to the completion of the disposal, Huizhou Kuyu was held as to 26% by the Group through
      TCL King (Huizhou) and Huizhou TCL Mobile in aggregate, which held 16% and 10% equity interest in and of
      Huizhou Kuyu by TCL King (Huizhou) and Huizhou TCL Mobile respectively, and as to 74% by TCL Industries
      Holdings. Upon completion of the disposal, the Group would only hold 16% equity interest in and of Huizhou
      Kuyu through TCL King (Huizhou), and Huizhou Kuyu ceased to be an associate company of the Company. For
      further details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 27 September 2023. The transaction was
      completed in September 2023.


      Save as disclosed above, the Group had no other significant investment held as at 31 December 2023, and
      did not undertake any material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures during the
      year ended 31 December 2023.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   049

                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




Liquidity and Financial Resources
The Group’s principal financial instruments to manage liquidity risk comprise bank loans, factorings, cash and
short-term deposits. The main objective for the use of these financial instruments is to maintain a continuity
of funding and flexibility at the lowest cost possible.


The cash and cash equivalents of the Group as at 31 December 2023 amounted to approximately
HK$10,736,877,000, increasing by 14.3% year-on-year, of which 45.5% was in U.S. dollars, 36.3% was in
Renminbi, 4.3% was in Euros, 2.1% was in Hong Kong dollars and 11.8% was in other currencies for overseas
operations.


For the purpose of day-to-day liquidity management and future expansion, the Group has access to bank and
other borrowings. The bank and other borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2023 were approximately
HK$5,811,654,000, which were interest-bearing at fixed rates ranging from 0.60% to 6.64% and denominated
in U.S. dollars, Renminbi and Euros. The maturity profile of borrowing was on demand to within three years.
It is the intention of the Group to maintain a mix of equity and debt to ensure an efficient capital structure
and in view of the reasonable interest rate. There was no material change in available credit facilities when
compared with the year ended 31 December 2022 and there was no asset held under finance lease as at 31
December 2023.


As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s gearing ratio was 0% since the Group’s cash and cash equivalents,
and restricted cash and pledged deposits of approximately HK$10,794,309,000 were higher than the total
interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities of approximately HK$6,218,970,000. Gearing
ratio was calculated by net borrowings (i.e. total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease
liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash and pledged deposits), divided by equity
attributable to owner. The maturity profile of such borrowings ranged from on demand to within three years.


Pledge of Assets
Please refer to notes 23, 26 and 28 to the financial statements.
050   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Management Discussion and Analysis




      Capital Commitments and Contingent Liabilities
      As at 31 December 2023, the Group had the following capital commitments:


                                                                                         2023                2022
                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000


      Contracted, but not provided for                                                599,510             673,618
      Authorised, but not contracted for                                                     –            116,590


                                                                                      599,510             790,208


      As at 31 December 2023, the Group had the following contingent liabilities which have not been provided for
      in the financial statements:


      TCL SEMP Eletroeletronicos is currently a respondent in a tax assessment dispute in Brazil with Brazil tax
      authority for alleged improper application of tax credits for the financial years of 2012 and 2013. As at 31
      December 2023, the tax assessment dispute was still ongoing. The information usually required by HKAS 37
      Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets is not disclosed on the grounds that such disclosure
      can be expected to prejudice seriously the outcome. Based on the response from the independent attorney
      in charge, it is expected that the dispute will last for 3 to 8 years. The Group has not made any provision as
      the Group, based on the advice from its legal counsel, believes that TCL SEMP Eletroeletronicos has a valid
      defence against the allegation.


      Pending Litigation
      Save as disclosed above, the Group was not involved in any material litigation as at 31 December 2023.


      Foreign Exchange Exposure
      Due to its international presence and operation, the Group is facing foreign exchange exposure including
      transaction exposure and translation exposure.


      It is the Group’s policy to centralise foreign currency management to monitor its total foreign currency
      exposure, to net off affiliate positions and to consolidate hedging transactions with banks. The Group
      emphasises the importance of trading, investing and borrowing in functional currency to achieve natural
      hedging. In addition, in line with the aim of prudent financial management, the Group does not engage in any
      high risk derivative trading or leveraged foreign exchange contracts.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   051

                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




Employee and Remuneration Policy
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had a total of 24,620 dynamic and talented employees. During the
year ended 31 December 2023, the total staff costs amounted to approximately HK$5,838,566,000. The
employees of the Group were all dedicated to advancing the quality and reliability of our operations. The
Group promotes individuals based on their performance in the positions held and development potential.
In order to attract and retain high quality staff, competitive remuneration package is offered to employees
(with reference to market norms and individual employees’ performance, qualification and experience). On
top of basic salaries, bonuses may be paid with reference to the Group’s performance as well as individual
employees’ performance. In addition, training and development programmes are provided on an on-going
basis throughout the Group. The remuneration policy of the Group was reviewed regularly, making reference to
current legislation, market condition and both the performance of individual employees and the Group.


In order to align the interests of staff with those of Shareholders, share options were granted to relevant
grantees, including employees of the Group, under the 2016 Share Option Scheme. Share options carrying
rights to subscribe for a total number of 34,924,064 shares of the Company remained outstanding as at 31
December 2023. On 3 November 2023, the Company adopted a new share option scheme that complies with
the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, whereas the 2016 Share Option Scheme was terminated on the
same date. No share option has been granted under the 2023 Share Option Scheme since its adoption up to
31 December 2023.


The 2023 Share Award Scheme was also adopted by the Company on 3 November 2023 in view of the expiry
of the 2008 Share Award Scheme on 5 February 2023. Pursuant to the 2023 Share Award Scheme, existing
shares of the Company may be purchased from the market or new shares may be subscribed for by the
designated trustee out of cash contributed by the Company, and would be held on trust by the designated
trustee for the relevant selected persons until such shares are vested with the relevant selected persons in
accordance with the rules of the 2023 Share Award Scheme. Awarded Shares granted and subsisting under
the 2008 Share Award Scheme prior to its expiry shall continue to be in full force and effect in accordance
with the 2008 Share Award Scheme and their terms of grant. There remained a total of 37,001,744 awarded
Shares granted but remained outstanding as at 31 December 2023, all granted under the 2008 Share Award
Scheme. No share award has been granted under the 2023 Share Award Scheme since its adoption up to 31
December 2023.
052   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      INTRODUCTION
      The Board aims to achieve a high standard of corporate governance and business ethics in pursuing the
      Group’s mission of “building a sustainable and connected future with advanced technology”. The Group’s
      ultimate goal is to maximise values for its Shareholders and other stakeholders. The Group holds on to
      change, innovation, accountability and excellence as its core values.


      The Board is committed to enhancing the Group’s corporate governance standards by improving corporate
      transparency through effective channels of information disclosure. The Board believes that good corporate
      governance is beneficial for maintaining close and trustful relationships with its employees, business
      partners, Shareholders and investors.


      Accordingly, the Company has adopted a corporate governance code prepared based on the Code Provisions
      of the CG Code as the guidelines for corporate governance of the Company, as amended, revised and updated
      from time to time to reflect the latest changes in the Code Provisions, and the Company has taken steps to
      comply with and apply the Code Provisions and principles of good corporate governance under the CG Code
      wherever appropriate.


      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
      Throughout the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company has complied with the Code Provisions of the
      CG Code, except for the deviation from the Code Provision C.6.1 of the CG Code during the period from 1
      October 2023 to 8 October 2023, the details of which are set out below.


      Under Code Provision C.6.1 of the CG Code, the company secretary should be an employee of the Company
      and have the day-to-day knowledge of the Company’s affairs.


      During the period from 1 October 2023 to 8 October 2023, Ms. CHOY Fung Yee was the then sole company
      secretary of the Company, who is a practising solicitor in Hong Kong and a partner of the Company’s legal
      advisor, but not an employee of the Company. During the said period, Mr. PENG Pan, an executive Director
      and the CFO, was the assigned contact person with Ms. CHOY Fung Yee. Information in relation to the
      performance, financial position and other major developments and affairs of the Group (including but not
      limited to the monthly management report to the Board) is speedily delivered to Ms. CHOY Fung Yee through
      the contact person assigned. Given the long-term relationship between Ms. CHOY Fung Yee and the Group,
      Ms. CHOY Fung Yee is very familiar with the operations of the Group and has an in-depth knowledge of the
      management of the Group. Having in place such a mechanism, Ms. CHOY Fung Yee will get hold of the
      Group’s development promptly without material delay and with her expertise and experience, the Board is
      confident that having Ms. CHOY Fung Yee as the company secretary of the Company is beneficial to the
      Group’s compliance with the relevant board procedures, applicable laws, rules and regulations.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   053

                                                                       Corporate Governance Report




On 9 October 2023, Mr. PENG Pan has been appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company for
a term of three years with effect from 9 October 2023, whilst Ms. CHOY Fung Yee has been re-designated
as the other joint company secretary of the Company. For details, please refer to the announcement of the
Company dated 9 October 2023.


COMPLIANCE WITH DEED OF NON-COMPETITION
The Company has received a written confirmation from TCL Industries Holdings and T.C.L. Industries (H.K.)
confirming that for the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 (both dates inclusive), they had
fully complied with the Deed of Non-Competition (2020) executed by them in favour of the Company dated 29
June 2020.


The Company has received a written confirmation from TCL Technology confirming that for the period from 1
January 2023 to 31 December 2023 (both dates inclusive), it had fully complied with the Deed of Termination
(2020) executed by and among TCL Technology, T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) and the Company dated 29 June
2020.


The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the relevant confirmations on Deed of Non-Competition
(2020) and Deed of Termination (2020), and all of them are satisfied that the non-competition undertakings
under the Deed of Non-Competition (2020) and the Deed of Termination (2020) have been complied with
during the year ended 31 December 2023.


DIRECTORS
The Board
The Board, led by the chairperson, steers the Company’s business direction. It is responsible for formulating
the Company’s long-term strategies, setting business development goals, establishing and shaping the
corporate culture, assessing results of management policies, monitoring the management’s performance and
ensuring effective implementation of risk management measures on a regular basis. The Board is accountable
to the Shareholders for the long-term development and success of the Company.


The Directors meet regularly to review the Group’s financial and operational performance and to discuss and
formulate future development plans. Regular Board meetings are attended by the majority of the Directors in
person or through electronic means of communication.
054   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      Board Composition
      There are currently 8 Directors, all being industry veterans, responsible to the Shareholders for formulating
      the overall business development targets and long-term company strategies, assessing results of management
      policies and monitoring performance of the management. The Board comprises the following Directors during
      the year ended 31 December 2023 and as at the date of this annual report (after taking into account the
      changes which took place during the period from 1 January 2024 to the date of this annual report):


      During the year ended 31 December 2023                        As at the date of this annual report (After considering
                                                                    the changes which took place during the period from 1
                                                                    January 2024 to the date of this annual report)


      Executive Directors                                           Executive Directors
      Ms. DU Juan (Chairperson)                                     Ms. DU Juan (Chairperson)
      Mr. PENG Pan (CFO) (Note (a))                                 Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong (CEO) (Note (f))
      Mr. HU Dien Chien (Note (b))                                  Mr. PENG Pan (CFO)
      Mr. YAN Xiaolin (Note (c))                                    Mr. SUN Li (Note (e))


      Non-executive Directors                                       Non-executive Director
      Mr. LI Yuhao                                                  Mr. LI Yuhao
      Mr. WANG Cheng (Note (d))
      Mr. SUN Li (Note (e))


      Independent Non-executive Directors                           Independent Non-executive Directors
      Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter                                 Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter
      Professor WANG Yijiang                                        Professor WANG Yijiang
      Mr. LAU Siu Ki                                                Mr. LAU Siu Ki

      Notes:


      (a)      Mr. PENG Pan was appointed as an executive Director and the CFO with effect from 1 October 2023 and appointed
               as a joint company secretary with effect from 9 October 2023.


      (b)      Mr. HU Dien Chien resigned as an executive Director, the CFO and a joint company secretary with effect from 1
               October 2023.


      (c)      Mr. YAN Xiaolin resigned as an executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024.


      (d)      Mr. WANG Cheng resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024.


      (e)      Mr. SUN Li was re-designated from a non-executive Director to an executive Director with effect from 28 March
               2024.


      (f)      Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong (CEO) was appointed as an executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   055

                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




Mr. PENG Pan and Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong was appointed as an executive Director with effect from 1 October
2023 and 28 March 2024 respectively. On 16 October 2023 and 20 March 2024, Mr. PENG Pan and Mr.
ZHANG Shaoyong has respectively (i) obtained legal advice from Messrs. Ronald Tong & Co, a firm of solicitors
qualified to advise on Hong Kong law, as regards the requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable
to him as a Director and the possible consequences of making a false declaration or giving false information
to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; and (ii) confirmed he understood his obligations as a Director.


An updated list of the Company’s Directors by category identifying their roles and functions is at all times
available on the websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The list specifies whether the
Director is an independent non-executive Director and sets out the respective roles and functions of each
Director.


The Company identifies the independent non-executive Directors in all corporate communications which
disclose the names of Directors.


Details of the biographies of the Directors are given under the section “Board of Directors” of this annual
report on pages 16 to 25.


There are no relationships (including financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships)
among members of the Board and between the chairperson of the Board and the chief executive.


The non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) play important roles on the
Board. Accounting for more than half of the Board members during the year ended 31 December 2023, they
are experienced professionals in their respective fields. They are responsible for ensuring that the Board
maintains high standards of financial and other mandatory reporting as well as providing adequate checks and
balances for safeguarding the interest of Shareholders and the Group as a whole.


Throughout the year of 2023, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to
the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors and the number of independent non–
executive Directors made up at least one-third of the total number of members of the Board. At least one
of the independent non-executive Directors has appropriate professional qualifications or accounting related
financial management expertise as required under the Listing Rules.
056   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      Number of meetings attended/eligible to attend in 2023
      During the year of 2023, the Board held four regular meetings at about quarterly intervals. As regards general
      meetings, the Company held the 2023 AGM on 1 June 2023 and the EGM on 3 November 2023 during the
      year of 2023 to consider the matters regarding, inter alia, termination of the 2016 Share Option Scheme and
      the adoption of the 2023 Share Option Scheme and the adoption of the 2023 Share Award Scheme. A table
      summary in regard to the Directors’ participation at various Board meetings, Board Committee meetings and
      the Company’s general meetings during the year of 2023 is set out below:


                                                    Regular   Additional       Audit Remuneration   Nomination    Strategy
                                TYPE OF MEETINGS      Board       Board    Committee   Committee    Committee    Committee     General
                                                   Meetings   Meetings       Meeting     Meetings    Meetings     Meetings    Meetings
      DIRECTORS (Note 1)                                                                                           (Note 7)


      Executive Directors
      DU Juan                                          2/4          0/1         N/A          N/A          N/A       14/14         1/2
      PENG Pan (Note 2)                                1/1          N/A         N/A          1/1          1/1          2/2        1/1
      YAN Xiaolin (Note 3)                             2/4          0/1         N/A          N/A          N/A       14/14         0/2
      HU Dien Chien (Note 4)                           3/3          1/1         N/A          2/2          1/1       12/12         1/1


      Non-executive Directors
      WANG Cheng (Note 5)                              2/4          1/1         N/A          N/A          N/A          N/A        2/2
      SUN Li (Note 6)                                  4/4          1/1         N/A          N/A          N/A          N/A        1/2
      LI Yuhao                                         4/4          1/1         N/A          N/A          N/A          N/A        2/2


      Independent Non-executive Directors
      TSENG Shieng-chang Carter                        4/4          1/1         3/3          3/3          2/2          N/A        2/2
      WANG Yijiang                                     4/4          1/1         3/3          2/3          2/2          N/A        1/2
      LAU Siu Ki                                       4/4          1/1         3/3          3/3          2/2          N/A        2/2

      Notes:


      1.         This table lists the Directors during the year 2023 and hence does not include any Director appointed subsequent to
                 31 December 2023. Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong was appointed as an executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024,
                 his attendance (if any) to any of the aforesaid meetings in his capacity as CEO/senior management was not counted
                 towards the above attendance.


      2.         Mr. PENG Pan was appointed as an executive Director with effect from 1 October 2023.


      3.         Mr. YAN Xiaolin resigned as an executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024.


      4.         Mr. HU Dien Chien resigned as an executive Director with effect from 1 October 2023.


      5.         Mr. WANG Cheng resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      057

                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




6.     During the year ended 31 December 2023, Mr. SUN Li was a non-executive Director. Mr. SUN Li was re-designated
       from a non-executive Director to an executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024.


7.     The Strategy Committee was established on 22 September 2017. From 1 January 2023 to 30 September 2023,
       it comprised Ms. DU Juan as the chairperson, Mr. YAN Xiaolin and Mr. HU Dien Chien as the members. From 1
       October 2023 to 27 March 2024, it comprises Ms. DU Juan as the chairperson, Mr. YAN Xiaolin and Mr. PENG
       Pan as the members. From 28 March 2024, being the date of this annual report, it comprises Ms. DU Juan as the
       chairperson, Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong and Mr. PENG Pan as the members.


Notices of regular Board meetings are served to all Directors at least 14 days before the meeting.


Agenda and Board papers together with all appropriate, complete and reliable information are sent to all
Directors in a timely manner, and at least three days before the intended date of each Board or Board
Committee meeting, except agreed otherwise among the members, to ensure that they have sufficient time to
review the Board papers, be adequately prepared for the meeting, keep the Directors apprised of the latest
developments and financial position of the Company and to enable them to include any matter in the agenda
and to make informed decisions.


The Company has in place effective mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the
Board. The Board has conducted an annual review on such mechanisms in 2023 and is of the view that the
mechanisms have been properly implemented and are effective. In particular, the Company plans Board and
Board Committee meeting schedules well in advance and provides remote facilities for attendance, so as to
facilitate active attendance and participation in the meetings. Board members, especially independent non-
executive Directors, are welcome and are encouraged to raise enquiries, suggestions and views during the
meetings. The Board process as stated above, including agenda setting and provision of meeting information,
facilitates effective and active participation by all Directors. The Board and each Director, upon reasonable
request, have access to independent professional advice to assist them in performing their duties to the
Company, at the Company’s expense.


Minutes of all Board, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee and Strategy
Committee meetings are kept by the joint company secretaries of the Company. All of the above minutes
record the matters considered and the discussions and decisions reached by the relevant Directors or
Board Committee members in sufficient detail, including any concern raised by Directors or dissenting views
expressed. Any Director may inspect the minutes at any reasonable time on reasonable notice.


Draft minutes are normally circulated to Directors or members of the relevant committee for comment within
reasonable time after each meeting and the final version is sent to all Directors or Board Committee members
for their record.
058   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      According to the current Board practice, any transaction, which involves a conflict of interests between a
      substantial Shareholder or a Director and the Company, will be considered and dealt with by the Board at
      a duly convened Board meeting with the presence of the independent non-executive Directors who have no
      material interest in the said transaction. Directors will abstain from voting and not be counted in the quorum
      at meetings for approving transactions in which such Directors or any of their associates have a material
      interest.


      The Company has maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of any legal action against its Directors
      and officers arising out of corporate activities.


      Chairperson and CEO
      The Company fully supports the division of responsibility between the chairperson of the Board and the CEO
      (being the chief executive of the Company) to ensure a balance of power and authority, and adopted a set of
      consolidated memorandum of duties setting out its division of responsibilities between the chairperson and
      the CEO on 24 February 2012.


      During the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this annual report, the position of the
      chairperson of the Board is held by Ms. DU Juan and the position of CEO is held by Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong.


      The core duties of the chairperson of the Board include:


      •      ensuring, with the assistance of the management, that the Directors receive adequate, accurate, clear,
             complete and reliable information in a timely manner and appropriate briefing on issues arising at
             Board meetings;


      •      providing leadership for the Board;


      •      ensuring that the Board works effectively, performs its responsibilities, discusses all key and
             appropriate issues in a timely manner, with good corporate governance practices and procedures;


      •      ensuring that the agenda for each Board meeting is drawn up and approving the same, taking into
             account matters proposed by other Directors;


      •      encouraging all Directors to fully and actively contribute to the Board’s affairs, express different views
             and discuss issues in sufficient depth before reaching any consensus in Board decisions;


      •      facilitating the effective contribution of Directors, in particular, non-executive Directors, and promoting
             the constructive relations between executive and non-executive Directors;
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     059

                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




•     meeting at least annually with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other
      Directors. The Board regards such meeting as exchange of opinions whereby a broad range of strategic
      and performance matters are openly discussed; and


•     ensuring the effective communication between the Board and the Shareholders as a whole through
      different channels, including (i) printed or electronic copies (as elected by Shareholders) of corporate
      communications required by the Listing Rules; (ii) the AGM which provides a forum for Shareholders to
      raise comments and exchange views with the Board; and (iii) the Company’s website which allows the
      Shareholders to acquire the updated and key information on the Group and to provide feedback to the
      Company.


Appointment, re-election and removal of members of the Board
Under article 116 of the Articles, at each AGM, not less than one-third of the Directors for the time being
shall retire from office by rotation and every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be
subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years while those retiring Directors shall be eligible
for re-election. Any director who has not been subject to retirement by rotation in the three years preceding
the AGM shall retire by rotation at such AGM.


Accordingly, at the 2023 AGM, Mr. YAN Xiaolin, Professor WANG Yijiang and Mr. HU Dien Chien retired from
office by rotation pursuant to article 116 of the Articles, and all of them were re-elected as Directors thereat.


Independent Non-executive Directors
Pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, the Company has received a written confirmation from each
independent non-executive Director of his independence to the Company. The Company has assessed the
independence and considers all of the independent non-executive Directors to be independent based on the
independence criteria in accordance with the requirements in Listing Rules, their non-involvement in the daily
operation and management of the Group and the absence of any relationship which will interfere with the
exercise of their independent judgement.
060   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      Non-executive Directors
      All non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors), including those appointed for a
      specific term, are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at AGM of the Company in accordance with
      the Articles and the Listing Rules. A summary of rotation and re-election of non-executive Directors is set out
      in the table below:


                                                                          Date of last election or
       Name of Directors (Note 1)          Position                       rotation and re-election Term of appointment


       WANG Cheng                          Non-executive Director         EGM held on                  Until conclusion of the
                                                                            10 December 2021             AGM in 2024 (Note 2)


       SUN Li                              Non-executive Director         AGM held on                  No specific term, subject
                                             (Note 3)                       17 June 2022                 to retirement by rotation
                                                                                                         and re-election


       LI Yuhao                            Non-executive Director         AGM held on                  Until conclusion of the
                                                                            21 May 2021                  AGM in 2024


       TSENG Shieng-chang                  Independent                    AGM held on                  No specific term, subject
           Carter                            non-executive Director         17 June 2022                 to retirement by rotation
                                                                                                         and re-election


       WANG Yijiang                        Independent                    AGM held on                  No specific term, subject
                                             non-executive Director         1 June 2023                  to retirement by rotation
                                                                                                         and re-election


       LAU Siu Ki                          Independent                    AGM held on                  Until conclusion of the
                                             non-executive Director         21 May 2021                  AGM in 2024

      Notes:


      1.       The above table is a list of non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) during the year of
               2023.


      2.       Mr. WANG Cheng was a non-executive Director during the year ended 31 December 2023. Whilst his term of
               appointment was until conclusion of the AGM in 2024, Mr. WANG Cheng has resigned as a non-executive Director
               with effect from 28 March 2024 prior to the expiry of the aforesaid term of appointment.


      3.       Mr. SUN Li was a non-executive Director during the year ended 31 December 2023. Mr. SUN Li was re-designated
               from a non-executive Director to an executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024. Mr. SUN Li has entered into
               a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years, which will automatically renew for a further term of
               one year each unless terminated by either party pursuant to the provisions thereof, subject to retirement by rotation
               and re-election at AGM in according with the Articles or the Listing Rules.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   061

                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




Nomination of Directors
The Board has established the Nomination Committee to provide a framework and set the standards for the
appointment of high quality directors who should have the capacity and ability to lead the Company towards
achieving sustainable development. It considers matters regarding the nomination and/or appointment or re–
appointment of Director(s).


Details of the Nomination Committee are set out in the sub-section headed “Nomination Committee” below.


Responsibilities of Directors
The CFO of the Company (who is currently also a joint company secretary of the Company), with assistance
from the Company’s external legal advisor (who is currently also the other joint company secretary of the
Company), works closely with the newly appointed Directors both immediately before and after his/her
appointment to acquaint the newly appointed Directors with the duties and responsibilities as a Director and
the business operation of the Company.


A package compiled and reviewed by the Company’s legal advisor setting out such duties and responsibilities
under the Listing Rules, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and other related laws and relevant regulatory
requirements of Hong Kong is provided to each newly appointed Director. The package also includes
information relating to the operations and business of the Group. The Directors are updated with the latest
developments in laws, rules and regulations relating to the duties and responsibilities of Directors from time
to time. Guidelines for Directors issued by the Companies Registry of Hong Kong have been forwarded to each
Director for his/her information and ready reference.


During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board is of the view that the non-executive Directors are
well aware of their functions and have been actively performing their functions including but not limited to
exercising their independent judgement at the Board meetings, taking the lead where potential conflicts of
interest arise, scrutinising the Company’s performance and providing constructive and informed advice on the
business strategy, policy, performance and management of the Company. They regularly review the financial
information, monitor the operational performance of the Company and serve on the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and/or the Nomination Committee.


The Directors have disclosed to the Company at the time of their appointment, and in a timely manner for
any change, the number and nature of offices held in public companies or organisations and other significant
commitments. They have also informed the Company of the identity of other public companies or organisations
they serve and the time involved in these public companies or organisations.
062   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      During the year ended 31 December 2023, all Directors have devoted their time and attention to the affairs
      of the Company with their hands-on knowledge and expertise in the areas and operation in which they are
      charged with. The contribution made by the Directors to the affairs of the Company is measured in terms
      of time as well as quality of the attention and the ability of the Directors with reference to their necessary
      knowledge and expertise. The satisfactory attendance at Board meetings, general meetings and Board
      Committee meetings indicates the constant participation of all Directors, including executive, non-executive
      and independent non-executive Directors and ensures the better understanding of the views of Shareholders
      by all Directors. The extent of participation and contribution should be viewed both quantitatively and
      qualitatively.


      To fulfil their duties properly, where they consider it necessary to obtain additional information other than that
      provided by the management, the Directors make inquiries during the Board meetings and Board Committee
      meetings. The queries raised by Directors have received prompt and full responses.


      Induction and Continuous Professional Development
      The Directors are continually updated with legal and regulatory developments, and the business and market
      changes to facilitate the discharge of their responsibilities through various Board meetings, resolutions,
      memos and Board papers. According to the records maintained by the Company, the Directors received the
      following training with an emphasis on the roles, functions and duties of a director of a listed company in
      compliance with the requirement of the CG Code on continuous professional development during the period
      from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023:


       Directors (Note 1)                                               Read materials     Attend seminars/briefings


       Executive Directors
       Ms. DU Juan (Chairperson)                                                      ✔                             ✔
       Mr. PENG Pan (CFO and joint company secretary) (Note 2)                        ✔                             ✔
       Mr. HU Dien Chien (CFO and joint company secretary) (Note 3)                   ✔                             ✔
       Mr. YAN Xiaolin (Note 4)                                                       ✔                             ✔


       Non-executive Directors
       Mr. LI Yuhao                                                                   ✔                             ✔
       Mr. SUN Li (Note 5)                                                            ✔                             ✔
       Mr. WANG Cheng (Note 6)                                                        ✔                             ✔


       Independent Non-executive Directors
       Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter                                                  ✔                             ✔
       Professor WANG Yijiang                                                         ✔                             ✔
       Mr. LAU Siu Ki                                                                 ✔                             ✔
                                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    063

                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




Notes:


1.       The above table lists the Directors during the year 2023 and hence does not include any Director appointed
         subsequent to 31 December 2023. Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong was appointed as an executive Director with effect from
         28 March 2024 (i.e. after 31 December 2023).


2.       Mr. PENG Pan was appointed as an executive Director and the CFO with effect from 1 October 2023 and appointed
         as a joint company secretary with effect from 9 October 2023.


3.       Mr. HU Dien Chien resigned as an executive Director, the CFO and a joint company secretary of the Company with
         effect from 1 October 2023.


4.       Mr. YAN Xiaolin resigned as an executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024.


5.       Mr. SUN Li was a non-executive Director during the year ended 31 December 2023 and was re-designated from a
         non-executive Director to an executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024.


6.       Mr. WANG Cheng resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024.


Securities Transactions Guidelines
The Board has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions on terms no less
exacting than the required standard as set out in the Model Code under Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.


Specific enquiries have been made with all Directors, and all of them confirmed that they have complied with
the required standard set out in the Model Code and the Company’s code of conduct regarding Directors’
securities transactions during the year ended 31 December 2023.


The Directors’ and chief executive’s interests in Shares within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO as at 31
December 2023 are set out on pages 105 to 106 of this annual report.


The Board has also established written guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code for the
relevant employees, including any employee or a director of a subsidiary or holding company who, because of
his/her office or employment, is likely to be in possession of inside information in relation to the Company or
its securities, in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities.
064   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      DELEGATION BY THE BOARD
      Management Functions
      The Board delegates its powers and authorities from time to time to the Board Committees and the
      management in order to ensure the operational efficiency and specific issues are being handled by personnel
      with the relevant expertise. All Board Committees are provided with accurate and sufficient information in
      a timely manner so as to enable the Board Committees to make informed decisions for the benefit of the
      Company and with sufficient resources to discharge their duties. The management team of the Company is
      accountable to the Board for the operations and businesses of the Group. During the year ended 31 December
      2023, the Board Committees and the management team of the Company have performed the duties delegated
      to them as set out further below.


      On 24 February 2012, the Board has adopted a set of consolidated memorandum of duties setting out its
      delegation policy. The segregation of duties and responsibilities between the Board and the management has
      been clearly defined and provided as internal guidelines of the Company.


      The types of decisions which are to be taken by the Board include those relating to:


      •     corporate and capital structure;


      •     corporate strategy;


      •     significant policies affecting the Company as a whole and material changes thereof;


      •     business plan, budgets and any subsequent material changes, public announcements and matters
            referred to the Board by Board Committees;


      •     key financial matters;


      •     appointment, removal or reappointment of Board members, senior management and auditor;


      •     remuneration of Directors and senior management; and


      •     communication with key stakeholders, including Shareholders and regulatory bodies.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   065

                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




The types of decisions that the Board has delegated to the management include:


•     approving the extension of the Group’s activities not in a material manner into a new geographic
      location or a new business;


•     assessing and monitoring the performance of all business units and ensuring that all necessary
      corrective actions have been taken;


•     approving expenses up to a certain limit;


•     approving the nomination and appointment of personnel other than the member of the Board, senior
      management and auditor;


•     approving press release concerning matters decided by the Board;


•     approving any matters related to routine matters or day-to-day operation of the Group (including the
      entering into of any transaction not requiring disclosure under the Listing Rules and cessation of non–
      material part of the Group’s business); and


•     carrying out any other duties as the Board may delegate from time to time.


Operation
In order to facilitate the strategic development of the Company and enhance its operation decision-making
efficiency, the Board resolved on 22 September 2017 to establish the Strategy Committee. The purpose
of the Strategy Committee is to lead the development of the Group in relation to research and exploration
of new directions and modes of business for approval of the Board and for implementation of the same,
and improvement of operation decision-making efficiency. As at the date of this annal report, the Strategy
Committee comprises Ms. DU Juan (chairperson), Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong and Mr. PENG Pan, all being executive
Directors. The Strategy Committee is delegated by the Board to approve and implement matters including but
not limited to transactions not requiring disclosures under the Listing Rules, business development plans
proposed by the management and assessing performance of business units of the Group.


Board Committees
Throughout 2023, the Board had four Board Committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee, all with specific written terms of
reference, to oversee particular aspects of the Group’s affairs.


Attendance of the relevant members of the Board Committees at the meetings of the Board Committees in
2023 is set out on page 56 of this annual report.
066   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      Nomination Committee
      The Nomination Committee currently comprises four members, namely Mr. PENG Pan, being an executive
      Director and Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter, Professor WANG Yijiang, and Mr. LAU Siu Ki, all being
      independent non-executive Directors. Professor WANG Yijiang is the chairperson of the Nomination Committee.
      The Nomination Committee held two meetings during the year of 2023.


      The Nomination Committee is governed by its terms of reference, which are closely aligned with the relevant
      Code Provisions requirements and are available at both the Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com)
      and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkex.com.hk).


      The main duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:


      •     review and supervise the performance, structure, size, diversity and composition of the Board;


      •     identify qualified individuals to become members of the Board;


      •     assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;


      •     make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and succession planning of
            Directors, in particular the chairperson of the Board and chief executive(s), and any proposed change
            to the Board to implement the Company’s corporate strategy;


      •     consider Board succession planning and conduct periodical reviews of the plan;


      •     review the Board Diversity Policy;


      •     monitor and review the Nomination Policy to ensure that it remains relevant to the Company’s needs
            and reflects both current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice; and


      •     review the sufficiency of time commitment of Directors to perform their responsibilities.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   067

                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




The work performed by the Nomination Committee during 2023 included:


•     considering the nomination of Ms. DU Juan, Mr. WANG Cheng, Mr. LI Yuhao and Mr. LAU Siu Ki to be
      re-elected, and Mr. PENG Pan to be elected, as Directors at the AGM in 2024 in accordance with the
      Nomination Policy and Board Diversity Policy;


•     reviewing the Nomination Policy and Board Diversity Policy;


•     reviewing the current Board structure, diversity, size and composition;


•     assessing the independence of all independent non-executive Directors; and


•     reviewing the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities and whether he/
      she has spent sufficient time performing them.


The Nomination Committee performed all these main duties in 2023.


Nomination Policy
The Company has adopted the Nomination Policy on 20 December 2018 (with effect from 1 January 2019),
which sets out the Company’s policy in relation to nomination of Directors that the Company has been
following. The terms of the Company’s Nomination Policy are set out as follows:


OBJECTIVE
1.    The Nomination Policy aims to list the principles and procedures for selection and nomination of the
      Board, to ensure the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate
      to the requirements of the Company’s business.


2.    The Nomination Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for it to consider and
      make recommendations to Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings, or to appoint as
      Directors to fill casual vacancies.


3.    The Nomination Committee may, as it considers appropriate, nominate a number of candidates more
      than the number of Directors to be appointed or re-elected at a general meeting, or the number of
      casual vacancies to be filled.
068   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      SELECTION CRITERIA
      4.    The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing the
            suitability of a proposed candidate.


            Common Criteria for All Directors
            4.1.   Reputation, character and integrity


            4.2.   Commitment in respect of available time


            4.3.   The willingness to assume fiduciary responsibility


            4.4.   Present needs of the Board for particular experience or expertise and whether the candidate
                   would satisfy those needs


            4.5.   Relevant experience, including experience at the strategy/policy setting level, high level
                   managerial experience in a complex organisation, industry experience and familiarity with the
                   products and processes used by the Company


            4.6.   Significant business or public experience relevant and beneficial to the Board and the Company


            4.7.   Breadth of knowledge about issues affecting the Company


            4.8.   Ability to objectively analyse complex business problems and exercise sound business judgement


            4.9.   Ability and willingness to contribute special competencies to Board matters


            4.10. Fit with the Company’s culture


            4.11. Diversity in all its aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural
                   and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of
                   service


            Criteria Applicable to Non-executive Directors/Independent Non-executive Directors
            4.12. Willingness and ability to make a sufficient time commitment to the affairs of the Company
                   in order to effectively perform the duties of a Director (including attendance at and active
                   participation in Board and committee meetings), and considering other responsibilities of the
                   relevant candidate (such as other directorships held in public companies the securities of which
                   are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas and other major appointments, if
                   any) and the effort and time that may be required by the candidate in fulfilling such role


            4.13. Accomplishments of the candidate in his/her field
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   069

                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




      4.14. Outstanding professional and personal reputation


      4.15. The candidate’s ability to meet the independence criteria for directors established in the Listing
             Rules


5.    These factors are for reference only, and are not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination
      Committee has the discretion to nominate any person as it considers appropriate.


6.    Retiring directors, save for those who have served as independent non-executive Directors for a period
      of nine consecutive years or more, are eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-election at a
      general meeting. Any independent non-executive Director who has served such role for a period of nine
      consecutive years or more are, subject to the Nomination Committee having satisfied that he/she still
      maintains his/her independence and that his/her continuation to serve in such role is in the interest
      of the Company and its shareholders as a whole, eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re–
      election at a general meeting.


7.    Proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information in a prescribed form,
      together with their written consent to be appointed as such directorship of the Company and to the
      public disclosure of their personal data on any documents or the relevant websites for the purpose of
      or in relation to their standing for election as such directorship.


8.    The Nomination Committee may request candidates to provide additional information and documents, if
      considered necessary.


NOMINATION PROCEDURES
9.    The Board Affairs team of the Company shall be responsible to liaise with the company secretary to call
      a meeting of the Nomination Committee, and invite nominations of candidates from Board members,
      if any, for consideration by the Nomination Committee prior to its meeting. The Nomination Committee
      may also put forward candidates who are not nominated by Board members.


10.   For filling a casual vacancy, the Nomination Committee shall make recommendations for the Board’s
      consideration and approval. For proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting, the
      Nomination Committee shall make nominations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation.
      The Nomination Committee follows the procedures below when considering nomination of Directors:


      10.1. the Nomination Committee will evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience of the
             Board, and identify any special requirements for the vacancy or the directorship the candidate
             is proposed to take (e.g. independence status in the case of an independent non-executive
             Director);
070   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




            10.2. the Nomination Committee will consider the role and capabilities required for the particular
                   vacancy or the directorship;


            10.3. the Nomination Committee will identify candidates through personal contacts/recommendations
                   by Board members, senior management, business partners or investors, and will to the extent
                   possible select from a broad range of candidates who are outside the Board’s circle of contacts
                   in accordance with the Company’s Board Diversity Policy;


            10.4. where appropriate, the Nomination Committee will conduct interview with the relevant candidate
                   to evaluate whether he/she meets the aforesaid selection and nomination criteria, and verify the
                   information provided by the candidate; and


            10.5. the Nomination Committee will make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re–
                   appointment of Directors.


      11.   The Nomination Committee shall ensure the selection process to be transparent and fair.


      12.   For the avoidance of doubt, the ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors rests
            with the entire Board.


      13.   Until the issue of the shareholder circular, the nominated persons shall not assume that they have
            been proposed by the Board to stand for election at the general meeting.


      14.   In order to provide information of the candidates nominated by the Board to stand for election at
            a general meeting, a circular will be sent to Shareholders. The names, brief biographies (including
            qualifications and relevant experience), independence (for independent non-executive Directors),
            proposed remuneration and any other information, as required pursuant to the applicable laws, rules
            and regulations, of the proposed candidates will be included in the circular to Shareholders.


      15.   “Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a director” of the Company shall
            apply in respect of the nomination by Shareholders of person for election as Director.


      16.   A candidate is allowed to withdraw his/her candidature at any time before the despatch of circular
            to Shareholders for election at the general meeting by serving the Company a notice in writing
            provided that such notice shall be served to the Company not less than three business days prior
            to the despatch of the said circular. If any candidate wishes to withdraw his/her candidature after
            the despatch of circular but before the convening of the general meeting for any special reason(s),
            the Board may, after considering such reason(s) and having confirmed that such withdrawal is in the
            interest of the Company and the Shareholders, approve such withdrawal.


      17.   The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to
            stand for election at any general meeting.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   071

                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




CONFIDENTIALITY
18.   Unless required by law or any regulatory authority, under no circumstances shall a member of the
      Nomination Committee or a staff member of the Company disclose any information to or entertain
      any enquiries from the public with regard to any nomination or candidature before the circular to
      Shareholders, as the case may be, is issued. Following the issue of the circular, the Nomination
      Committee or other staff member of the Company approved by the Nomination Committee may
      answer enquiries from the regulatory authorities or the public but confidential information regarding
      nominations and candidates should not be disclosed.


REVIEW
19.   In addition to meeting for the purpose of considering Board appointment(s), the Nomination Committee
      shall from time to time meet (and at least once annually):


      19.1. to review and consider the performance of the Board, including but not limited to looking at
              benchmarking how the Company’s Board measures up against the other boards in Hong Kong or
              Chinese Mainland of peer issuers;


      19.2. to consider the need to refresh the Board composition regularly to avoid entrenchment and to
              attract fresh thinking;


      19.3. to consider Board succession planning and conduct periodical reviews of the plan to ensure the
              long-term success of the Company; and


      19.4. to monitor and review this Nomination Policy to ensure that it remains relevant to the Company’s
              needs and reflects both current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice.


20.   The Nomination Committee will continually review the Nomination Policy and reserves the right in its
      sole and absolute discretion to update, amend, modify and/or cancel the Nomination Policy at any
      time.


21.   The Board may in accordance with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations disclose in
      the Company’s Corporate Governance Report annually any information regarding the Nomination Policy,
      procedures and objectives made for implementation of the Nomination Policy and the progress made
      towards achieving the objectives.
072   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      Board Diversity Policy
      The Company has adopted the Board Diversity Policy on 13 August 2013 which sets out its approach to
      achievement and maintenance of diversity on the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board,
      which was subsequently revised and updated on 20 December 2018. With a view to achieving a sustainable
      and balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element
      in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development, and the Board
      diversity also helps to achieve a diversity of views and perspectives among members of the Board, to enhance
      decision making capacity, and to fairly and effectively safeguard the interests of various stakeholders,
      especially the long-term Shareholders’ interests of the Company.


      The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of Board diversity and endeavours to ensure that the
      Board has the appropriate balance and level of skills, experience and perspectives required to support the
      execution of its business strategies. The Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration
      of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
      ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be
      based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. All Board appointments
      and succession will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria,
      having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The Company will also take into consideration
      factors based on its own business model and specific needs from time to time in determining the optimum
      composition of the Board.


      The Board has set measurable objectives (in terms of gender, skills and professional experience, etc.
      as aforementioned) to implement the Board Diversity Policy and review such objectives from time to time
      to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives. In
      particular, in accordance with the requirements under the CG Code, the Company has set an initial target of
      appointing at least one director of a different gender in the Board and has achieved such target since August
      2021 when Ms. DU Juan was appointed as an executive Director and the chairperson of the Board. As at the
      date of this annual report, the gender diversity ratio of the Board is at approximately 12.5% (1 female out of 8
      Directors). The Nomination Committee and the Board will review the Board’s target gender diversity ratio from
      time to time and take opportunities to increase the proportion of female members over time as and when
      suitable candidates are identified. Further, the Board currently consists of members with different professional
      backgrounds (including corporate management, marketing, human resources management, financial
      management and technology) and from different age groups (from 40’s to 70’s). Accordingly, the Nomination
      Committee considers that the current composition of the Board is characterised by diversity (including gender
      diversity) after taking into account its own business model and specific needs, whether considered in terms of
      professional experience or skills.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    073

                                                                         Corporate Governance Report




The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its continued
effectiveness from time to time. The Nomination Committee will discuss at least annually any changes to the
Board Diversity Policy and Board composition that may be required (including the need to identify potential
successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity), and make such recommendations to the Board for
consideration and approval. The Board has reviewed the Board Diversity Policy in 2023 and is of the view that
the Board Diversity Policy has been properly implemented and is effective.


The overall gender diversity of the Group is relatively balanced. As at 31 December 2023, the overall
workforce of the Group consisted of approximately 58% male and 42% female employees. The Board was
led by a female chairperson. In addition, there were two senior management (as referred to under paragraph
12 of Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules) in the Group and both of them were male employees. The Group
has in place a mechanism to support diversity across all facets including but not limited to gender diversity.
The Group treats every employee equally, adheres to equal pay for equal work and equal opportunities for
different genders. In particular, the recruitment process of the Group shall not involve any discrimination
on the grounds of race, disability, gender, sexual orientation, family responsibilities, marital status, union
membership, political opinion, age, languages or other discriminatory factors. The Group also cares for
the legal rights and special needs of female employees and has established a “mummy hut” to provide
comfortable and private breastfeeding spaces for female employees during their lactation, so as to attract and
retain more female talents. In the past four years, the proportion of female employees of the overall workforce
of the Group increased steadily. Whilst it is relatively challenging for the Group to achieve equal gender ratio
across all business units of the Group due to the characteristics and work types of different business units, it
is the Group’s goal to achieve a balanced gender ratio in the overall workforce (including senior management).
For further details of the diversity of the workforce of the Group, please refer to the ESG Report of the Group
for the year ended 31 December 2023.


Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee currently comprises four members, namely Mr. PENG Pan, being an executive
Director and Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter, Professor WANG Yijiang and Mr. LAU Siu Ki, all being
independent non-executive Directors. Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter is the chairperson of the Remuneration
Committee. The Remuneration Committee held three meetings during the year of 2023.


The Remuneration Committee is governed by its terms of reference, which were adopted by the Board on 24
February 2012 and subsequently revised by way of the written resolutions of all Directors dated 29 December
2022, and by resolution passed at the meeting of the Board held on 23 November 2023. The terms of
reference are made available on the Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com) and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange’s website (http://www.hkex.com.hk).
074   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      The Remuneration Committee was established on 16 April 2005 pursuant to Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules. It
      meets from time to time to discharge its duties as set out in its terms of reference. Among others, it makes
      recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all remuneration of Directors and
      senior management, and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on
      such remuneration. It also reviews and approves the management’s remuneration proposals with reference
      to corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Board from time to time, and determines, with delegated
      responsibility, the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management.


      The work performed by the Remuneration Committee during 2023 included:


      •     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for
            all Directors’ and senior management’s remuneration, and reviewing and approving management’s
            remuneration proposals, with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives;


      •     reviewing and determining the remuneration packages of all executive Directors and senior management
            of the Company with reference to their performance;


      •     assessing the performance of executive Directors; and


      •     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors.


      There are no material matters relating to the share schemes of the Company as referred to in Chapter 17 of
      the Listing Rules which are required to be reviewed and/or approved by the Remuneration Committee during
      the year ended 31 December 2023.


      The human resources department provides administrative support and implements the approved remuneration
      packages and other human resources related decisions approved by the Remuneration Committee.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   075

                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




Emolument Policy and Long-Term Incentive Plans
To attract and retain talent, the Company provides a competitive remuneration package to its employees,
including executive Directors and senior management. This comprises base monthly salary, guaranteed
cash benefits and allowances, special allowances, variable pay, and long-term incentive plans which include
Share Option Schemes and Share Award Schemes, if applicable. The amount of variable pay is set at a
percentage of the fixed pay, and is paid half-yearly or yearly depending on performance delivered through
plans and objectives which have pre-determined criteria and standards. Long-term incentive plans primarily
consist of share options carrying rights to subscribe for the Shares and awarded Shares respectively. Please
refer to pages 109 to 121 of this annual report for details of the Share Option Schemes and the Share
Award Schemes. The emoluments payable to the Directors are determined with reference to their duties and
responsibilities with the Company and the market rate for the positions.


The remuneration package of executives is designed so that a proportion is structured to link rewards to
corporate and individual performance, and gives incentives to executives to perform at the highest levels.
Through job evaluation and job matching, the Group ensures the pay is internally equitable. Besides, the
Group ensures external competitiveness of the pay through reference to market survey and data.


The non-executive Directors’ compensation relates to the time commitment and responsibilities. They receive
fees which comprise the following components:


•     directors’ fee, which is usually paid annually; and


•     share options and/or awarded shares of the Company which are awarded subject to the discretion of
      the Board, if any.


The fees and any other reimbursement or emolument payable to the Directors and senior management by
band are set out in notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements.
076   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      DIVIDEND POLICY
      The Company has confirmed and consolidated its Dividend Policy on 20 December 2018 (taking effect from 1
      January 2019).


      Purpose
      1.    The Dividend Policy aims to consolidate and set out the approach and principles of the Company in
            declaration of dividend.


      Factor(s) to be considered for declaration of dividends
      2.    In considering whether to declare any dividend, the Board shall consider factors in all aspects such
            as the operating results, cash flow, financial condition and capital requirements of the Group and the
            interests of the Shareholders, including but not limited to:


            2.1.   the Company’s actual and expected financial performance;


            2.2.   retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the
                   Group;


            2.3.   the level of the Group’s debts to equity ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial
                   covenants;


            2.4.   any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;


            2.5.   the Group’s expected working capital requirements and future expansion plans;


            2.6.   general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal or
                   external factors that may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position
                   of the Company; and


            2.7.   any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    077

                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




Principles in relation to declaration of dividends
3.    If the Group records a profit and the Board, having considered factors of all aspects (including but not
      limited to those factors set out in paragraph 2 above), is satisfied that the declaration and distribution
      of dividends does not affect the Group’s normal operations, and subject to compliance with any
      restrictions under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands and the Articles:


      3.1.   the Company may declare and distribute dividends to the Shareholders;


      3.2.   the Company will take priority to distributing dividends in cash and share its profits with the
             Shareholders, whereas the target payout ratio of dividends distributed is expected to be in the
             range of 30%–50% of the Group’s net profit for the current year, and the remaining profit will be
             used for the business development and operation of the Group; and


      3.3.   yet, any such declaration and payment of dividends shall remain to be determined at the sole
             discretion of the Board.


4.    Subject to the Articles and all laws and regulations applicable to the Company,


      4.1.   the Company in general meeting may declare final dividends in any currency but no dividends
             shall exceed the amount recommended by the Board; and


      4.2.   the Board may from time to time pay to the Shareholders such interim dividends as appear to
             the Board to be justified by the profits of the Company.


5.    The Dividend Policy and the declaration and/or payment of dividends under the Dividend Policy are
      subject to the Board’s continuing determination that the Dividend Policy and the declaration and/
      or payment of dividends would be in the best interests of the Group and Shareholders, and are in
      compliance with all laws and regulations applicable to the Group.


6.    The Board endeavours to maintain a balance between meeting the Shareholders’ expectations and
      prudent capital management with a sustainable dividend policy.


7.    The Board will continually review the Dividend Policy and reserves the right in its sole and absolute
      discretion to update, amend, modify and/or cancel the Dividend Policy at any time, and the Dividend
      Policy shall in no way constitute a legally binding commitment by the Company in respect of its future
      dividend and/or in no way obligate the Company to declare a dividend at any time or from time to time.
078   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      Audit Committee
      The Audit Committee currently comprises three members, namely Mr. LAU Siu Ki, Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang
      Carter and Professor WANG Yijiang, all of them being independent non-executive Directors. Mr. LAU Siu Ki is
      the chairperson of the Audit Committee.


      The Audit Committee is governed by its terms of reference. The terms of reference are made available on the Company’s
      website (http://electronics.tcl.com) and Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkex.com.hk). Among others, it
      is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external
      auditor, reviewing and monitoring the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and effectiveness of the audit process,
      reviewing the financial information of the Company, as well as overseeing the Company’s financial reporting system, risk
      management and internal control systems.


      The Audit Committee usually meets to review the Company’s interim and annual results and the integrity of
      the Group’s financial statements. In addition, to review and monitor the effectiveness of the audit process
      in accordance with applicable standards, the Audit Committee will meet with the external auditor before
      the annual audit commences to discuss the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations of the
      Company. The Audit Committee held three meetings during the year of 2023.


      The Audit Committee meetings are normally attended by the Company’s CFO. When meetings concern the
      routine finance control, the head of the internal audit department and the head of the risk management
      department of the Company also attend the meeting to report on the problems identified during the internal
      control audits (if any) and recommend methods to alleviate and solve the problems identified. The external
      auditor is often present on discussion of the audit of financial results and audit planning.


      The work performed by the Audit Committee during 2023 included consideration of the following matters:


      •      the integrity, completeness and accuracy of the 2022 annual and 2023 interim financial statements
             and reports;


      •      review of the Company’s compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements, developments in
             accounting standards and the effect on the Company;


      •      review of the effectiveness of the systems of financial controls, internal audit function, internal control
             and risk management of the Group;


      •      review of the financial reporting system of the Group;


      •      review of the risk management and internal control reports of the Company;


      •      review of the financial and accounting policies and practices of the Group;
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   079

                                                                        Corporate Governance Report




•     review of the legal department structure of the Group;


•     review of the audit fees payable to external auditor, the nature, scope and timetable of the audit for
      year 2023;


•     review of the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and effectiveness of the audit process in
      accordance with applicable standards;


•     approve the policy on non-audit services of the Group; and


•     recommendations to the Board, for the approval by Shareholders, the reappointment of Messrs. Ernst
      & Young as the external auditor, which the Board agreed and accepted.


The Audit Committee has been advised that it may seek independent professional advice at the expense of
the Company wherever necessary. The Audit Committee is also supported by the staff of finance department,
internal audit department, risk management department and the external auditor.


The Audit Committee recommended to the Board, and the Board agreed and accepted, that subject to
Shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming AGM, Messrs. Ernst & Young be re-appointed as the Company’s
external auditor for 2024.


Strategy Committee
The Board established the Strategy Committee on 22 September 2017 with specific written terms of
reference. The Board delegated responsibilities to the Strategy Committee for making certain decisions for
the management of the Company. In accordance with their terms of reference, members of the Strategy
Committee shall be appointed by the Board from amongst the executive Directors only.


As at the date of this annual report, the Strategy Committee comprises three executive Directors, namely, Ms.
DU Juan (chairperson), Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong and Mr. PENG Pan.


For details of the Strategy Committee, please refer to the section “Delegation by the Board – Operation” of
this Corporate Governance Report on page 65.


The work completed by the Strategy Committee during 2023 included consideration of the following matters:


•     approval of any routine matters or matters concerning day-to-day operation of the Group;
080   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      •      implementing the annual business plan, operating and capital expenditure budgets of the Company as
             approved by the Board; and


      •      implementing the strategic plans and long-term objectives as approved by the Board.


      Corporate Governance Function
      The work completed by the Board during 2023 as part of its corporate governance function included the
      following:


      •      reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;


      •      reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
             management;


      •      reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
             requirements;


      •      reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable to employees and Directors; and


      •      reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance
             Report.


      ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
      Financial Reporting
      The Board aims to present a balanced, clear and understandable assessment in annual and interim reports,
      inside information announcements and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules and other
      regulatory requirements.


      The Directors have acknowledged their responsibility for the preparation of the accounts for each financial
      period which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flows for
      that period.


      The statement by the auditor of the Company regarding its reporting responsibilities on the financial
      statements of the Group is set out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” on pages 133 to 138.


      The Directors, having made appropriate enquiries, consider that the Group has adequate resources to
      continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and hence decide that it is appropriate to prepare
      the financial statements set out on pages 139 to 313 on a going concern basis. The Board is not aware of
      any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s
      ability to continue as a going concern.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   081

                                                                          Corporate Governance Report




The basis on which the Company generates or preserves value over the longer term and the strategy for
delivering its objectives are explained in the “Management Discussion and Analysis” set out on pages 26 to
51 of this annual report.


The management of the Company provides the Board with sufficient explanation and information, such as the
Group’s major business activities and key financial information, to enable the Board to make an informed
assessment of the financial information and position of the Company before approval.


The management of the Company also provides all Directors with monthly updates giving them a balanced
and understandable assessment of the Company’s performance, position and prospects in sufficient detail to
enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties under Rule 3.08 and Chapter 13 of
Listing Rules.


Risk Management and Internal Controls
The Board is responsible for overseeing the risk management and internal control systems of the Group on an
ongoing basis. The Directors acknowledge their responsibility to establish, maintain and review from time to
time the effectiveness of the Group’s system of risk management and internal controls. During the year, the
Directors, through the Audit Committee, have reviewed the effectiveness of all material aspects of the risk
management and internal control system of the Group, including the identification and monitoring of risks, the
adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s
accounting, internal audit, financial reporting function and those relating to the Company’s ESG performance
and reporting, and covering all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls.


The Company has adopted a set of risk management and internal control mechanisms and processes
to identify, evaluate and properly manage significant risks, to safeguard the Group’s assets, to ensure
proper maintenance of accounting records and reliability of financial reporting, and to ensure compliance
with relevant legislation and regulations. Such mechanisms and processes included the review by the
senior management of financial budgets, strategic plans and operational reports, regularly reviewing the
Group’s internal operations and investigating into complaints made internally following guidelines developed
internally and implementing disciplinary actions for non-compliance incidents accordingly. Certain executive
Directors and senior management have been delegated with respective level of authorities and have specific
responsibility for monitoring the performance of business operating units.


The Company has assigned different geographical locations in which the Group carries out its business with
different risk profile and set different priorities and coverage for its internal control, risk management and
internal audit work to be carried out in these locations, which enhances the cost-effectiveness of the Group’s
internal control, risk management and internal audit work. The risk management and internal control systems
are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve its business objectives, and
can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Board
acknowledges that it is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their
effectiveness.
082   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      Each year, the Audit Committee reviews the findings made by the external auditor in respect of issues
      encountered by them in preparation of the independent auditor’s report, which often cover issues relating to
      internal control. The Audit Committee also reviews the internal control and risk management report submitted
      by the Company’s internal audit department and risk management department. The Audit Committee then
      reviews the actions performed or the plans to be carried out by the management in addressing the issues.
      The issues identified and the corresponding remedial plans and recommendations are then submitted to the
      Board for consideration.


      The Company has established an internal audit and risk management function. The Company’s internal
      audit department and risk management department independently reviews the effectiveness of the internal
      controls and risk management, including financial, operational and compliance controls, in the key activities
      of the Group’s business. In accordance with the approved review and audit mechanisms, the heads of the
      Company’s internal audit department and risk management department report to the Audit Committee, and
      submit regular reports for its review and monitors the effectiveness of the system of internal control and
      risk management of the Group during the year. In case any material internal control defect is discovered, the
      Board would require reports on the cause of and proposed solution for remedying the defect be submitted
      by the internal audit department and risk management department and follow up with the defect until it is
      resolved.


      The Audit Committee has reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control and risk management
      systems and is of the opinion that the resources for and qualifications of staff of the Company’s accounting
      and financial reporting function are adequate and effective. Based on information furnished to them and on
      their own observations, the Audit Committee and the Board are satisfied with the adequacy and effectiveness
      of the internal control and risk management system of the Group.


      The Company has procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information,
      including strictly prohibiting unauthorised use of inside information and communication of sensitive
      information are made on a “need-to-know” basis only. The Group strives to identify inside information and any
      information which may potentially constitute inside information at the earliest practicable opportunity, which is
      then assessed and handed to the Board for decision on the need for disclosure. Further, relevant employees
      of the Group are subject to black-out period prior to the release of the Company’s interim and annual results.
      Inside information and other information which is required to be disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules and
      the SFO will be disclosed in accordance with all applicable requirements in due course. Inside information
      would be kept strictly confidential until such disclosure.
                                                                TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023        083

                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




In accordance with the requirements under the CG Code, the Company has consolidated, codified and adopted
a whistleblowing policy and an anti-corruption policy in 2022, so as to promote and support anti-corruption
laws and regulations and to encourage employees and those who deal with the Company to raise concerns
about possible improprieties in any matter related to the Company. Both policies are made available on the
Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com).


Connected Transactions
The Company is committed to ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements under the Listing Rules,
applicable laws and regulations in handling connected transactions. Accordingly, the Company implemented
various internal control mechanisms to identify and monitor connected transactions to ensure that connected
transactions are conducted under normal commercial terms or on terms that are fair and reasonable and
properly disclosed and (if necessary) approved by the independent Shareholders in accordance with the Listing
Rules. The relevant connected persons to which the respective connected transactions relate will be required
to abstain from voting in the relevant general meetings. Details of the connected transactions of the Company
during the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the Report of the Directors in this annual report.


Senior Management’s Remuneration
For the year ended 31 December 2023, senior management of the Company comprises three individuals. The
senior management’s remuneration during the year ended 31 December 2023 falls within the following bands:


Remuneration (per annum) (Note)                                                                  Number of Individuals


Below HK$500,000                                                                                                        1
HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                                                            1
HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                                                            1

Note:   The remuneration included salaries, allowances, benefits in kind, discretionary performance related bonuses, long–
        term incentives and pension scheme contributions.


Auditor’s Remuneration
For the year under review, the remuneration for services provided by the auditor is roughly as follows:


Statutory audit services of the Group                                                                   HK$11,937,000
Statutory audit services of certain subsidiaries of the Company                                          HK$3,406,000
Non-audit services (which mainly include taxation compliance, agreed upon
  procedures and advisory services)                                                                      HK$7,156,000
Non-audit service in respect of reviewing continuing connected transactions                                HK$480,000
084   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      COMPANY SECRETARY
      The position of joint company secretaries of the Company is held by Mr. PENG Pan (an executive Director and
      the CFO of the Company) and Ms. CHOY Fung Yee (a practising solicitor of Hong Kong who is not an employee
      of the Company). Mr. PENG Pan is also the primary corporate contact person with Ms. CHOY Fung Yee.
      Information in relation to the performance, financial position and other major developments and affairs of the
      Group (including but not limited to the management monthly report to the Board) is speedily delivered to Ms.
      CHOY Fung Yee through the contact person assigned. The joint company secretaries are responsible to the
      Board and report to the chairperson of the Board from time to time. All Directors have access to the advice
      and services of the joint company secretaries to ensure that Board procedures, and all applicable laws, rules
      and regulations are followed.


      Each of Mr. PENG Pan and Ms. CHOY Fung Yee is required to take no less than 15 hours of relevant
      professional training during the year 2023. Each of them has fulfilled the requirement during the year under
      review.


      INVESTOR RELATIONS PROGRAMS
      Key Investor Relations Events in 2023
       Date        Event                                                                              Location
       March       2022 annual results presentation                                                   Shenzhen
                   Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by CICC)                           Hong Kong
                   Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by CICC)                           Shenzhen
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Industrial Securities)    N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by BOC International)        N/A
                   Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by CITIC Securities)               Beijing
                   Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Tianfeng Securities)     Beijing
                   Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by CICC)                           Shanghai
                   Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Industrial Securities)   Xiamen
                   Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by Haitong Securities)             Shanghai
                   Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by China Securities)               Shanghai
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Orient Securities)        N/A
                   Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Haitong Securities)      Hangzhou
       April       Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by Industrial Securities)          Singapore
                   Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Industrial Securities)   Shenzhen
                   Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by Kaiyuan Securities)             Shenzhen
       May         Participated in offline investor conference (organised by CICC)                    Shenzhen
                   Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Kaiyuan Securities)      Beijing
                   Participated in offline investor conference (organised by China Securities)        Shanghai
                   Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Cinda Securities)        Beijing
                   Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by China Securities)               Shanghai
                   Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Goldman Sachs)           Hong Kong
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Zheshang Securities)      N/A
                                                               TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   085

                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




Date        Event                                                                                     Location
June        Participated in online investor conference (organised by Guotai Junan Securities)         N/A
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by Minsheng Securities)             N/A
            Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Industrial Securities)          Shanghai
July        Hosted company visit for investors (organised by First Shanghai and Essence International) Shenzhen
August      2023 online interim results presentation                                                  N/A
            Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by CICC)                                  Hong Kong
            Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by CICC)                                  Shenzhen
            Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Topsperity Securities)          Shenzhen
September   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Industrial Securities)           N/A
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by CITIC Securities)                N/A
            Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by CICC)                                  Shanghai
            Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by China Securities)                      Shenzhen
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by Guotai Junan Securities)         N/A
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by Merchants Securities)            N/A
            Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Haitong Securities)             Shanghai
            Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Kaiyuan Securities)             Shanghai
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by CITIC Securities)                N/A
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by Zheshang Securities)             N/A
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by Zhongtai Securities)             N/A
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by Guotai Junan Securities)         N/A
October     Participated in online investor conference (organised by Minsheng Securities)             N/A
            Hosted company visit for investors (organised by Founder Securities)                      Huizhou
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by Essence International)           N/A
            Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Zheshang Securities)            Shenzhen
November    Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Founder Securities)             Changsha
            Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Cinda Securities)               Chengdu
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by Guotai Junan Securities)         N/A
            Participated in offline investor conference (organised by CITIC Securities)               Guangzhou
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by Guolian Securities)              N/A
December    Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by China Securities)                      Shanghai
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by China Securities                 N/A
            Participated in offline investor conference (organised by Tianfeng Securities)            Shenzhen
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by Topsperity Securities)           N/A
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by Haitong Securities)              N/A
            Hosted an offline non-deal road show (organised by Tianfeng Securities)                   Hong Kong
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by Guojin Securities                N/A
            Participated in online investor conference (organised by Guotai Junan Securities)         N/A
086   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Corporate Governance Report




      Communication with Shareholders and Procedures for Putting Forward
      Proposals at General Meetings
      The Company has formulated and adopted a shareholders’ communication policy (as amended from time to
      time) to ensure the Shareholders are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced information
      about the activities of the Company in order to enable Shareholders to exercise their rights and to engage
      with the Company in an informed manner. The Board has taken appropriate steps to provide effective
      communication with Shareholders.


      All published corporate information, including all the statutory announcements, annual and interim
      reports, corporate presentation and press releases, is promptly posted on the Company’s website at
      http://electronics.tcl.com. Shareholders may raise enquiries, suggestions or their views on the Company
      to the Board or management of the Company by sending an email to hk.ir@tcl.com, which will be promptly
      handled and directed by the Company’s dedicated investor relations team. The investor relations team takes
      a proactive approach to communicate with existing and potential investors, Shareholders and stakeholders
      in a timely manner by various means including making regular face-to-face meetings and conference calls
      in order to solicit and understand their views. Shareholders can also send proposals to be put forward at
      Shareholders’ meetings to the Board or senior management by contacting the investor relations team by
      sending an e-mail to hk.ir@tcl.com, or directly through the questions and answers session at Shareholders’
      meetings or press conference. Shareholders who wish to move a resolution may also request the Company to
      convene a general meeting following the procedures set out in the section headed “Shareholders’ Rights to
      Convene an EGM” below.


      The general meetings of the Company provide the best opportunity for communication between the Board and
      the Shareholders. The Company complies with the required notice periods for general meetings under the
      applicable laws, rules and regulations.


      The chairperson of the Board and the respective chairperson of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination
      Committee and the Audit Committee or, in their absence, other members of the respective committees and,
      where applicable, the independent board committee, are available to answer questions at the Shareholders’
      meetings.


      The external auditor of the Company, Messrs. Ernst & Young, also attends the AGM to answer questions
      about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the independent auditor’s report, the
      accounting policies and auditor independence.


      The Board has reviewed its prevailing shareholders’ communication policy during the year, and believes that,
      in light of the multiple channels of communication and engagement in place as stated above, the current
      shareholders’ communication policy of the Company has been properly implemented during 2023 and is
      effective.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   087

                                                                       Corporate Governance Report




Voting by Poll
The Company states in each relevant corporate communication that the Shareholders shall vote by poll so as
to allow the Shareholders to have one vote for every Share held. The chairperson of the meeting would explain
the voting procedures and answer any questions from the Shareholders regarding voting by poll in the general
meetings. The poll voting results of the general meetings were published on the websites of the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange and the Company respectively on the same day when the general meetings were held.


Shareholders’ Rights to Convene an EGM
Under article 72 of the Articles, general meetings shall also be convened on the written requisition of any
one or more members of the Company holding together, as at the date of deposit of the requisition, shares
representing not less than one-tenth of the voting rights, on a one vote per share basis, in the issued share
capital of the Company. The written requisition shall be deposited at the principal office of the Company in
Hong Kong or, in the event the Company ceases to have such a principal office, the registered office of the
Company, specifying the objects of the meeting and the resolutions to be added to the meeting agenda, and
signed by the requisitionist(s). If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such
meeting the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, provided that any meeting
so convened must be a physical meeting at only one location and shall not be held after the expiration
of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the
requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the
Company.


Constitutional Documents
There was no change to the Company’s constitutional documents in 2023.


Conclusion
Going forward, the Company will continue to work diligently to maintain the highest level of corporate
transparency possible. Relevant corporate information including annual and interim reports, statutory
announcements, corporate presentation and press releases, is disclosed in a timely manner and is available
on the Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com). Enquiries can also be sent to the Board or senior
management by contacting the investor relations team via e-mail to hk.ir@tcl.com, or directly through the
questions and answers session at Shareholders’ meetings or press conference.
088   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Human Resources and Social Responsibility




      HUMAN RESOURCES
      Human resources management is of critical importance to the success and sustainability of any organisation.
      In 2023, the Group carried out a series of human resource management initiatives on the basis of its
      development strategy and working theme to foster the growth of our employees, which provided direct and
      effective support to the Group’s strategy and its performance.


      1.     Basic Profile of Human Resources
      As at 31 December 2023, the total number of employees was 24,620. The distribution was as follows:


      By gender:
      Male                                                                                                   14,397
      Female                                                                                                 10,223


      By geographical region:
      Chinese Mainland                                                                                       20,436
      Regions other than Chinese Mainland (including Hong Kong)                                               4,184


      2.     Major Accomplishments in Human Resources
      In order to support the development strategy of the Group, we continuously endeavoured to optimise our talent
      structure and increase the efficiency of its talents. As such, a series of proactive measures to strengthen
      areas including appraisals and incentives, recruitment of talents, and talent nurturing and development were
      adopted as follows:


      In respect of performance appraisals and incentives, the Group continued to optimise its performance
      management and remuneration and incentives systems in 2023. Clear objectives, effective appraisal systems
      and timely feedback and reward measures were established to enhance the working efficiency of our staff
      and overall results, which continued to inject new driving force into the long-term development of the Group.
      Through implementing targeted bonus schemes for business lines, the integration of frontline and back-office
      support was further strengthened based on the principles of profit sharing arising from value creating and
      more rewards for more work. The Group also focused its resources on motivating key projects including sales
      breakthrough and technological innovation, so as to improve retail capabilities, product competitiveness and
      technological innovation capabilities to support the long-term sustainable development of the Group.


      In terms of long-term incentives, the Group developed and implemented a long-term profit-sharing scheme for
      senior management and key personnel on a principle of responsibility and profit sharing to strengthen the
      retention and motivation of outstanding talents. In 2023, the Group continued to optimise its performance
      management system and process with a more impartial and scientific appraisal system, which serves as a
      strong guarantee for staff occupational development and corporate development. In addition, the Company
      adopted the 2023 Share Option Scheme and 2023 Share Award Scheme on 3 November 2023, further
      aligning the interest of the Company and employees and promoting the long-term performance (whether in
      financial, business and operational aspects) of the Company.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   089

                                                      Human Resources and Social Responsibility




In terms of talent recruitment, the Group acted on its strategic business plan and the philosophy of
achieving global leadership by building a globalised organisation with top talents while emphasising business
development. By pooling global talents through a diversified, scientific and efficient talents recruitment
channel, we strategically recruited talents in such key areas as mid-to-high-end breakthrough, global operation
and innovative business. In 2023, the Group recruited 1,923 talents, of whom 1,582 were from open
recruitment and 341 from universities. Over 82% of the talents recruited have a bachelor’s degree or above,
and the majority are talents in terms of technology and business such as R&D, marketing and sales.


With regard to talent nurturing and development, the Group actively carried out talents reviews, and based on
review results, established a talent pool in each function and expand the talent base. We also established
a high-potential talent rotation mechanism and continuously improved accreditation system for key position
qualifications. As such, clear career development paths for our staff were laid out, the vitality of our
talents was stimulated, and the talent structure was aligned with the Group’s strategy, contributing to its
high-quality development. Meanwhile, as the process of globalisation accelerated, the Group launched the
“Eagle Program” for high-potential and development programs for incumbent and professional talents based
on the needs of business development and talent reserve. Specialised programs targeting the development
of key talents in overseas markets, product and R&D and supply chain were launched, with an objective to
enhance the employees’ international perspectives, operational philosophy, management skills, customer-
oriented thinking and innovative ideas, thereby laying a solid foundation of talents for the long-term
development of the Group whilst meeting its current business needs.
090   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Human Resources and Social Responsibility




      SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
      In 2023, the Group continued to attach great importance to its social responsibility, and contributed to the
      society with concrete actions including actively organising and participating in educational support, charity
      activities and school-enterprise cooperation.


      1.    Charitable Funds
      1.1 Shenzhen TCL Foundation
            The Shenzhen TCL Foundation (“TCL Foundation”) was formally founded in June 2012, and was rated
            an AAAA-grade social organisation of Shenzhen in 2020. TCL Foundation focuses on four major areas,
            namely technology, education, culture and sports, and directed support. Drawing on TCL’s leading
            technology, TCL Foundation explored the integration of technology and charity mobilised high-quality
            education resources to pave the way for the growth of the young, promoted the spirit of innovation
            in culture and sports for the dissemination of the value of charity, and sustained directed support
            initiatives to assist in developing a fair and harmonious society.


            Leveraging on the power of technology, the TCL Foundation promoted the sharing of educational
            resources and information-based education by making donations for the construction of TCL smart
            classrooms in urban and rural areas, which are equipped with TCL smart blackboards, education
            tablets, eye-protection lights, air-conditioners and other TCL smart education devices and software.
            Bolstered by a new generation of information technology, the smart classrooms broke down the physical
            boundaries and space of conventional schools by building an immersive and intelligent teaching and
            learning environment, creating a classroom dedicated to realising the true meaning of “attending the
            same lesson”, and achieving the sharing of educational resources. The smart classrooms have been
            put into use in four schools in Guangdong and Guangxi, benefitting over 5,800 students. The TCL
            photovoltaic low-carbon campus project promoted energy transition to empower green development and
            fostered the continuous development of the education industry. The project has made donations for the
            construction of 20 photovoltaic low-carbon campuses in rural and urban areas across the country, with
            a total installed capacity of 1,218.15kW. The installed photovoltaic power stations can provide 40.71
            million kWh of green power during their life cycle, equivalent to saving approximately 13,077 tonnes
            of standard coal, reducing approximately 32,257 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions, and planting
            1.75 million trees. The Home A.I. program utilised AI technology to develop and design the Eagle
            Story-Telling Machine, enabling children to experience a joyful growth by the use of AI technology. The
            project has distributed nearly 300 sets of Eagle Story-Telling Machines to children left behind in rural
            areas or with no fixed place of abode. The “Eagle Story Club”, an extended program of the project,
            established 68 rural pilot schools across 21 provinces in the country with over 26,000 beneficiaries.
            The Eagle Listening WeChat mini program, which is developed by TCL Foundation and empowered by
            AI technology, is able to customise parents’ voice and equipped with story-telling and music playing
            functions, attracting nearly 7,000 active users.
                                                   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   091

                                                Human Resources and Social Responsibility




The TCL universities donation system consists of TCL Science and Technology Innovation Fund, TCL
Young Scholar Program and Huameng Scholarship, providing fund to scientific research projects at the
top, followed by young scholars, and the largest group being university students, forming a “pyramid”
shaped structure. Such system has covered 7 renowned universities in China and supported higher
education institutions for the cultivation of more talents in technological innovation for society. TCL
Foundation and Southern University of Science and Technology (SUST) jointly launched the SUST-TCL
Grand Lecture on Innovation and Entrepreneurship, which is aimed to become an influential platform
for innovation and entrepreneurship exchanges in the Greater Bay Area and even across China,
contributing to the nurturing of young scientific and technological talents. As at 31 December 2023, the
SUST-TCL Grand Lecture on Innovation and Entrepreneurship invited experts and scholars including
ZHANG Weiying, JIN Li and NING Gaoning to hold 22 feature lectures. At the early days after its
establishment, TCL Foundation set up the TCL Hope Project Candlelight Award Program, a charitable
project for teachers in village schools. Since the implementation of the program in 2013, it has been
held for 9 years with applicants from 523 counties in 23 provinces across China, and over 3,400
outstanding teachers from over 3,000 rural schools were awarded, with a total investment of over
RMB46,000,000. In order to support the educational development in Shenzhen, TCL Foundation has set
up primary and secondary education donation programs in Shenzhen Middle School, Shenzhen Middle
School Nanshan Innovation School, and Shenzhen Nanshan District Second Foreign Language School
(Group), rewarding students with outstanding character and academic performance and demonstrating
an all-rounded development, as well as and teachers with professional ethics and dedicated to
education.


TCL Foundation held a total of 5 TCL Salut d’Amour candlelight charity concerts, delivering love and
sincerity through music with over one thousand beneficiaries. Two charity creativity contests for TCL
staff were held to spread the charity culture among TCL. In the contests, 23 charitable projects were
planned and run by our staff, benefitting over 120,000 people. The Little Musician+ program focused
on the artistic development of children and has rolled out the Xiaoxue music box. Its extended program,
Xiaoxue Music Lesson, has been launched in 69 rural pilot schools across 18 provinces in China, and
has distributed 330 Xiaoxue music boxes to over 21,000 students. TCL Foundation has constantly
provided directed support to those in need and has been committed to targeted poverty alleviation,
rural revitalisation, disaster relief and education assistance, making active contribution to building a
fair and harmonious society.


In 2023, the expenditure on charity undertakings of TCL Foundation amounted to approximately
RMB56,603,000. The TCL Foundation is ready to collaborate with more organisations in the future to
promote the development of charity cause and social progress.
092   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Human Resources and Social Responsibility




      1.2 Huameng Charity Foundation
            In 2007, Mr. LI Dongsheng, the founder of TCL, and his wife Ms. WEI Xue established Huameng
            Fund under the China Youth Development Foundation and set up Huameng Charity Foundation in
            2021. Huameng takes the meaning of “Love for China’s children”, and has always been committed
            to the educational development of China with an aim to provide fair educational opportunities. From
            scholarship funding to professional music courses, Huameng has closely followed the national policies
            of supporting education to focus on and gradually enhance the development of quality education
            through key project including “Huameng Classroom”, “Music, Dream & Exchange”, and “Huameng
            Scholarship”. As at 31 December 2023, Huameng has sponsored more than 1,400 students, with an
            accumulated investment in the educational area reaching approximately RMB80 million.


            Huameng Classroom has sponsored more than 1,200 students with outstanding character and
            academic performance; Huameng Scholarship has sponsored over 200 top-performing university
            students; Music, Dream & Exchange project has sponsored 18 remarkable music students at home
            and abroad. In order to enhance the comprehensive quality of students sponsored by Huameng and
            help them achieve an all-rounded development, Huameng organised a number of pioneering activities
            including the Huameng Alumni Association Youth Exchange Trip, Huameng Summer Camp, Huameng
            Starry Classroom and Graduation Party.


      1.3 TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund
            The Group is dedicated to building a mutual aid platform internally for caring for our employees,
            alleviating poverty and relieving distress of employees. To boost the team spirit of “Assistance for
            Those in Need, Mutual Help and Dedication with Love”, the spirit of humanity and the corporate culture
            of people-orientation among the employees, TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund, with the donation and
            support from Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter (an independent non-executive Director) and others, was
            set up. Established in August 2012, TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund is an organisation managed by
            employees under the Group’s Union Association and is dedicated to assisting employees or families
            suffering from serious illness or major disasters. Since its founding, TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund
            has been rendering assistance to employees. In 2023, the total donation amounted to approximately
            RMB145,000.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      093

                                                       Human Resources and Social Responsibility




     TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund also fulfilled its corporate social responsibility by supporting the
     education and development of the first-generation university students from impoverished families
     through the “Tomorrow-iCAN” campaign for 10 consecutive years. By the end of 2023, approximately
     RMB1,520,000 was raised by the fund. The TCL-TV laboratory jointly planned and designed by the
     Group and Shenzhen Shekou Yucai Education Group (“Yucai Group”) was put into use in 2020, and
     a sponsoring amount of approximately RMB300,000 went to Yucai Group for sports facilities and
     activities in 2023. More such activities will be held in the future, while more new charitable projects
     will also be launched to support more children to receive quality education. In 2023, TCL Electronics
     Mutual Aid Fund organised a mountain cleanup hiking campaign with more than 200 employees
     participating in Shenzhen, Huizhou, Zhongshan and Hefei to call for the care and protection of the
     environment and nature, which was widely covered by various media in China. In addition, in order to
     expand the coverage of the fund, a fundraising event was organised on Children’s Day on 1 June to
     help children pursue their dreams. In addition, a team of volunteers was arranged to give out Dragon
     Boat Festival gifts to the elderly who lives alone. Clothes donation, walk-to-donate, street cleaning,
     blood donation and other charitable activities were carried out by the fund. In 2023, TCL Electronics
     Mutual Aid Fund sponsored over 50 children with special needs and more than 500 people in
     impoverished mountainous areas, with a total investment of approximately RMB800,000.


2.   School-enterprise Cooperation
     In 2023, TCL Electronics continued to strengthen its cooperation with scientific research institutions,
     higher education institutions and other educational organisations, and was committed to realising the
     efficient industrial application of cutting-edge technological research results from universities. Currently,
     we are collaborating with Zhejiang University, South China University of Technology, and Jiangnan
     University in laboratory applications, and established TCL training bases for university talents with
     South China University of Technology, Sichuan University, Hunan University, Central South University,
     Chongqing University, and Huazhong Agricultural University. By a concerted use of universities and
     enterprises resources, we continued to nurture talents for technological innovation to promote regional
     employment and economic development.
094   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Human Resources and Social Responsibility




            Campus recruitment, which undertakes the important mission of introducing outstanding young talents
            all over the world, is not only an important program to achieve a younger talent composition, but also
            a strategic program to cultivate next-generation personnel for TCL. Campus recruitment is an important
            channel to introduce high-quality talents into corporations, enabling greater vitality for the organisation.
            In 2023, the Group together with its fellow subsidiaries under TCL Industries Holdings jointly organised
            spring and autumn campus recruitment campaigns including 4 on-air promotional live broadcasts
            with a total of 85,000 attendees. We launched school recruitment fairs in key recruiting cities and
            higher education institutes and organised offline talks in 73 schools across 14 cities with over 7,500
            attendees, promoting the employment of graduates and recruiting high quality talents for the Group.
            In 2023, we held talent seminars at Peking University, Nanjing University, South China University of
            Technology and Jilin University in the form of innovative speeches and interviews, strengthening the
            connection between the Group and students and enhancing the influence of campus recruitment.


      3.    Environmental Protection
            The Group strives to achieve environmental sustainability and incorporates its philosophy of corporate
            social responsibility into daily operations. The Group operates its in-house manufacturing facilities in
            compliance with all applicable local environmental regulations.


            The Group calls for protecting the environment and implements a fine-tuned strategy to shoulder its
            environmental, social, and ethical responsibility and improve corporate governance in order to create
            greater value for all of the Group’s stakeholders including Shareholders, customers, employees, as well
            as the communities where it operates. Furthermore, the Group remains steadfast in its commitment to
            upholding a responsible approach toward its employees, customers and the environment. Throughout
            the product manufacturing process from sourcing raw materials to delivering finished goods, we
            meticulously regulate and oversee toxic and hazardous substances, which are prohibited throughout
            the manufacturing process from production packaging, distribution and marketing so as to prevent any
            matter that is harmful to the health of employees and consumer safety, damages natural environment
            or may lead to other serious consequences.


            The ESG Report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 prepared in accordance with
            Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules will be published separately pursuant to the requirements under
            Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   095

                                                                                 Report of the Directors




The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the
year ended 31 December 2023.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Group is engaged in display, innovative and internet businesses as disclosed in the section headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis”. The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. Details
of the principal activities of the principal subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 1 to the financial
statements. There was no significant change in the nature of the Group’s principal activities during the year
ended 31 December 2023.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the state of affairs of the Company and the
Group as at that date are set out in the financial statements on pages 139 to 313.


The Board has proposed a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023 of HK16.00 cents in cash per
share (31 December 2022: HK12.70 cents) out of the share premium account of the Company.


Subject to (i) Shareholders' approval at the forthcoming AGM to be held on 20 May 2024, Monday, and (ii)
the Directors being satisfied that there are no reasonable grounds for believing that the Company is, and
immediately after the final dividends are paid, will be unable to pay its liabilities as they become due in the
ordinary course of business, the said final dividend will be payable on or about 31 July 2024, Wednesday to
Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 9 July 2024, Tuesday.


FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the
last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated/reclassified as
appropriate, is set out on page 314. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.


RECORD DATE AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
To ascertain the entitlements to attend and vote at the forthcoming AGM, members of the Company must
lodge the relevant transfer document(s) and share certificate(s) at the Company’s Hong Kong branch share
registrar and transfer office, Tricor Tengis Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 13 May 2024, Monday for registration. Members of the Company whose
names are recorded in the register of members of the Company on 13 May 2024, Monday are entitled to
attend and vote at the forthcoming AGM.
096   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      The record date for determining the entitlements of Shareholders to the proposed final dividend is 9 July
      2024, Tuesday. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of Shares accompanied by the
      relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer
      office, Tricor Tengis Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, no later than
      4:30 p.m. on 8 July 2024, Monday. The Hong Kong register of members of the Company will be closed on 9
      July 2024, Tuesday, on which no transfer of the Shares may be registered.


      BUSINESS REVIEW
      The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 is set out in the section headed
      “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 26 to 51 of this annual report. Discussions on non-financial
      performance including human resources management initiatives, the key relationships with its employees, and
      the Group’s environmental policies and performance are disclosed in the section headed “Human Resources
      and Social Responsibility” of this annual report. Those discussions form part of this Report of the Directors.
      Key relationships with customers and suppliers are disclosed in the section headed “Major Customers and
      Suppliers” in this Report of the Directors. Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required
      by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, including a review of the business of the Group,
      discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance during the year and the material factors underlying
      its results and financial position, particulars of important events affecting the Group that have occurred
      since 1 January 2024 and up to the date of this annual report, and an indication of the outlook and future
      development of the business of the Group, are set out under the sections headed “Chairperson’s Statement”
      and “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. Those discussions also form part of this
      Report of the Directors.


      COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
      In the face of complex and changing internal and external environments and risks, the Group strictly complies
      with the requirements of various laws and regulations, continuously improves the Group’s governance
      structure, enhances the Group’s operating standards, strengthens the internal control system, and effectively
      prevents and controls various risks with an aim to ensure the sustainable, stable, and sound development of
      the Group.


      Headquartered in the PRC, the Group is a world-leading consumer electronics company that covers display,
      innovative and internet businesses. Manufacturing and production is one of the most important parts of the
      Group's business. The Group has complied with regulations related to production and occupational safety,
      including but not limited to the Fire Protection Law of the PRC, the Law of the PRC on Work Safety and the
      Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases.


      The Group maintains the occupational safety of employees mainly by the following methods: weekly inspection
      of safety production risks including risks of fire, piling up of hazardous materials, and electricity, regular
      disinfection of workplace and physical examination for employees by professional medical institutions,
      automatisation of factories to replace dangerous operation by machines to prevent employees from injury.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   097

                                                                                 Report of the Directors




The Group has also complied with regulations related to production, manufacturing and emission, including
but not limited to the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC. The Group carries out supervision mainly
by the following methods: regular commissioning of professional institutions to monitor the indicator(s) of
pollution discharge so as to meet the national standard, careful storage and isolation of dangerous materials,
as well as strict selection of suppliers to source and prioritise materials that meet the EU REACH and RoHS
standards.


As at 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this annual report, the Board was not aware of any non-
compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that had a significant impact on the Company.


SIGNIFICANT RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Some significant risks and uncertainties affecting the Group are outlined below. They are not exhaustive and
there may be other additional risks and uncertainties which are now unknown or immaterial to the Group but
could become material in future.


Market Environment
Due in part to geopolitical tensions and unpredictable variables, and despite a decline in energy prices
that exceeded projections and global central banks’ interest rate hikes which to a certain extent alleviated
inflationary pressures, the global macro-economic outlook remained uncertain in 2023. Looking at the
industry, the trillion-yuan home appliance market remained stable. Nevertheless, global TV shipments did
not experience a rebound, with a year-on-year decline of 0.9% in 2023. The downturn was evident in regions
including the PRC, Japan and Europe, while North America and emerging markets saw a revival in demand. The
overall trajectory for the TV sector was a steady yet modest contraction. However, there was a marked surge
in demand for mid-to-high-end TVs, leading to increased market consolidation as top brands fortified their
positions. Burgeoning sectors such as new energy demonstrated robust growth, with newly installed capacity
of the distributed photovoltaic industry in the PRC increasing 88.5% year-on-year to 96.3 gigawatts in 202326.


The Group has endeavoured to identify growth opportunities in an increasingly challenging market environment
while continuously promoting its development strategy of “Value Led by Brand with Global Efficiency in
Operations, Driven by Technology and Paramount Vitality”. The Group has expanded its global presence and
focused on the high-quality development of its core display business and internet business. Moreover, it has
proactively explored emerging areas of growth such as new energy, new scenarios, and new smart hardware to
expedite the expansion of innovative business and create the Group’s second growth curve.




26
     Source: National Energy Administration of the PRC.
098   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      Raw Materials
      Panels are an important raw material to the Group’s TV and mobile communication products and hence the
      Group’s business is dependent on its availability and price.


      To better control the risk, the Company maintains good relationships with its suppliers (as more specifically
      discussed in the section headed “Major Customers and Suppliers” below in this Report of the Directors).
      Further, the Group has been and will continue to pursue synergies with multiple industries of TCL Industries
      Holdings Group and TCL Technology Group and leverage the advantages of an integrated industrial chain
      through the long-term relationship with CSOT (which is a major panel supplier in the PRC) to capitalise
      opportunities arising from the revolution of the industry and to establish an eco-system enterprise based
      on smart screen. In addition, while consolidating and expanding our existing smart screen business,
      we will actively diversify our business to develop communications, commercial display, and photovoltaic
      businesses through investments, mergers and acquisitions, and restructuring to explore new business growth
      opportunities. Further discussion in this aspect has been set out under the sections headed “Chairperson’s
      Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report.


      Technological Development
      The market is rapidly evolving and subject to continuous technological development. The Group’s success will
      depend on its ability to keep up with the changes in technology. If the Group fails to adapt its products and
      services to such changes in an effective and timely manner, it could adversely affect its business, financial
      condition, and results of operations.


      Therefore, the Group will maintain high R&D investment, attach great importance to product innovation and
      continue adjusting the product mix to develop high-end display technologies such as Mini LED, QLED, and
      8K. At the same time, the Group will plan ahead in the field of intelligent interaction, vigorously explore
      cutting-edge technologies such as AI, internet-based big data, 5G, and intelligent manufacturing, and further
      enhance the core technology competitiveness of the Group.


      Policy Regulatory Risks
      Despite the continuous expansion of the Group’s business in the PRC and abroad, multiple factors such as
      evolving international trade policies, increasingly stringent regulatory environments in various countries, and
      changing international political situations have exposed the Group to more severe trade, compliance, and
      political risks (including geopolitical risks), mainly manifested as trade policy risks, export and sanctions
      compliance risks, supply chain compliance risks, anti-bribery risks, privacy protection, cyber security and other
      compliance risks, as well as risks associated with political uncertainty.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    099

                                                                                  Report of the Directors




The Group has always been committed to strictly complying with applicable laws and regulations, establishing
relevant management units and departments to study and judge laws, regulations and market rules, and
setting up key compliance management systems within the Group. A wide range of compliance management
and control methods such as emphasis from the management, construction of organisational structure,
publication of policies, built-in processes, training and publicity, inspection and auditing are in place to
manage and control related risks in a systematic manner. On one hand, the Group will actively follow
the updates in relevant laws, regulations and policies, broaden and strengthen the existing compliance
management system through political risk prevention and early warning to improve crisis response capabilities.
on the other hand, the strength of global layout will be fully leveraged and production capacity layout and
supply chain system will be optimised to mitigate the negative impact of policy regulatory risks on the Group’s
business.


Financial Risks
Further discussions on the financial risks, including interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk and
liquidity risk, that would affect the business operations of the Group, the potential financial impact, and
measures taken to manage those risks are disclosed in note 48 to the financial statements.


PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note
14 to the financial statements.


SHARE CAPITAL, SHARE OPTIONS AND SHARE AWARDS
Details of movements in the Company’s share capital (including issue of Shares), share options, and share
awards during the year, together with the reasons thereof are set out in notes 36 and 37 to the financial
statements.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or Cayman Law which would oblige the Company
to offer new Shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.


PURCHASE, REDEMPTION, OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF
THE COMPANY
There was no purchase, redemption or sale by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of listed securities of
the Company during the year ended 31 December 2023.


RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year are set out in note 49 to
the financial statements and the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively.
100   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
      As at 31 December 2023, the Company had an aggregate of HK$4,212,723,000 standing to credit of its
      share premium account and HK$738,936,000 standing to the credit of its capital reserve account. As the
      aforesaid capital reserve represents a premium arising from the issue of Shares, the entire amount of
      HK$738,936,000 standing to the credit of the capital reserve account of the Company will be transferred to
      the share premium account in compliance with the Articles and Cayman Law. Subject to compliance with the
      applicable requirements under Cayman Law, the share premium may be applied for payment of dividend by the
      Company. After the transfer of the capital reserve as aforesaid, the amount which can be utilised for payment
      of dividend by the Company out of its share premium account would be HK$4,951,659,000.


      CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS
      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group made charitable contributions totaling approximately
      HK$10,661,000.


      MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
      The percentages of purchases and sales for the year attributable to the Group’s major suppliers and
      customers are as follows:


      Purchases


      – the largest supplier                                                                                  12%
      – the five largest suppliers combined                                                                   29%


      Sales


      – the largest customer                                                                                  12%
      – the five largest customers combined                                                                   28%


      The Group recognises that maintaining good and stable relationship with suppliers, customers, and business
      partners is key to the sustainable development of the Group. The Group also endeavours to maintain reliable
      business relationships with its major suppliers and customers which have been cooperating with the Group for
      a long time.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    101

                                                                                  Report of the Directors




Major Customers
The Group’s major customers are all from consumer electronics industry, which is characterised by its cycle of
integration and intensified competition. Any loss of or changes in market position of any of these customers
may materially and adversely affect the business, financial conditions, and operating results of the Group.
In light of this, the Group adopts the following strategies to reduce the risk from reliance on one single
customer. On the one hand, the Group strengthens the relationship with its existing customers, which have
made relatively stable contribution to the revenue of the Group. On the other hand, the Group endeavours
to expand its business and acquire new customers by improving its product mix and integrating its industry
chain. Further discussion in this aspect has been set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and
Analysis” of this annual report.


The Group’s credit terms with its customers including credit period are disclosed in 23 to the financial
statements. Each customer has a credit limit depending on its size and credibility. The Group also maintains
credit insurance for trade receivables from customers.


Major Suppliers
There are numerous suppliers providing materials required for the Group’s production and other business
operations. The Group adopts multiple sourcing policies and strategic inventory management to ensure
sufficient supply of materials for production.


The Group has fully capitalised on its robust brand influence and channel advantages to proactively expand its
global layout and accelerate the distribution of smart all-category products to international markets through
purchasing air conditioners, refrigerators and washing machines from TCL Industries Holdings Group. We also
takes advantage of the online channel of TCL Industries Holdings Group in the PRC to enhance its overall
distribution scale. Thus, three of the five largest suppliers and one of the five largest customers of the Group
are subsidiaries of TCL Industries Holdings.


Notwithstanding the respective interests and/or roles of certain Directors in TCL Industries Holdings,
specifically as at 31 December 2023, (i) Ms. DU Juan was also a director and the CEO of TCL Industries
Holdings; (ii) Mr. WANG Cheng was also a director of TCL Industries Holdings; (iii) Mr. PENG Pan was also
the CFO of TCL Industries Holdings; and (iv) Mr. SUN Li was also the CTO of TCL Industries Holdings, as
their respective direct or indirect interests in TCL Industries Holdings were insignificant, none of them was
considered as having a material interest in those subsidiaries of TCL Industries Holdings.


One of the five largest suppliers of the Group is a subsidiary of TCL Technology, which is a major panel
supplier in the PRC. As at 31 December 2023, (i) Mr. WANG Cheng was also a director and the COO of TCL
Technology; and (ii) Mr. YAN Xiaolin was also the CTO of TCL Technology. As their respective direct or indirect
interests in TCL Technology were insignificant, none of them was considered as having a material interest in
that subsidiary of TCL Technology. Mr. WANG Cheng and Mr. YAN Xiaolin have resigned as the Directors with
effect from 28 March 2024.
102   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      Save as aforesaid, none of the Directors, their close associates or Shareholders (which, to the best
      knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued Shares) had any interest in the
      Group’s five largest customers or five largest suppliers.


      DIRECTORS
      The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this annual report were:


      Executive Directors:
      Ms. DU Juan
      Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong (appointed as an executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024)
      Mr. PENG Pan (appointed as an executive Director with effect from 1 October 2023)
      Mr. SUN Li (re-designated from a non-executive Director to an executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024)
      Mr. HU Dien Chien (resigned as an executive Director with effect from 1 October 2023)
      Mr. YAN Xiaolin (resigned as an executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024)


      Non-executive Directors:
      Mr. LI Yuhao
      Mr. WANG Cheng (resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from 28 March 2024)


      Independent Non-executive Directors:
      Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter
      Professor WANG Yijiang
      Mr. LAU Siu Ki


      The Company has received from each of its independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of
      his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all the independent non-executive
      Directors to be independent.


      In accordance with Article 116 of the Articles, at each AGM, not less than one-third of the Directors for the
      time being shall retire from office by rotation and, under the corporate governance code adopted by the
      Company, every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement by
      rotation at least once every three years. All retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election. Accordingly, Ms.
      DU Juan and Mr. LAU Siu Ki, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM, whereas Mr. LI
      Yuhao has indicated that he will retire from office as a non-executive Director with effect from the conclusion
      of the AGM and will not offer himself for re-election to devote more time to focus on his other career
      developments and work arrangements.


      Each of Mr. PENG Pan and Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong was appointed as an executive Director to fill casual vacancy
      on 1 October 2023 and 28 March 2024, respectively. Each of them shall hold office until the AGM (being the
      first AGM after their respective appointment) and is subject to re-election by Shareholders at the AGM.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     103

                                                                                   Report of the Directors




REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, AND
THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
Particulars of the remuneration of the Directors, senior management, and the five highest paid employees
(including senior management) during the financial year are set out in notes 8 and 9 to the financial
statements, respectively.


EMOLUMENT POLICY AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVE SCHEMES
Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report contained on pages 52 to 87 of this annual report for
the Group’s emolument policy and long-term incentive schemes together with the basis for determining the
remuneration payable to the Directors.


PENSION SCHEMES
Particulars of the Group’s pension schemes are set out in note 2.4 to the financial statements.


DIRECTORS’ BIOGRAPHIES
Biographical details of Directors are set out on pages 16 to 25 of this annual report.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with the Company which
is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
compensation.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the year ended 31 December 2023, none of the Directors is interested in any business apart from the
Group’s business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the
Group.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENT
AND CONTRACTS
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” in this Report of the Directors, none of the
Directors or their connected entities had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions,
arrangements or contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of its
subsidiaries, holding companies, or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the year ended 31 December 2023.
104   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER’S INTERESTS IN SIGNIFICANT
      CONTRACTS
      Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” in this Report of the Directors, no contract
      of significance was entered into among the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the controlling shareholder
      of the Company (as defined under the Listing Rules) or any of its subsidiaries during the year ended 31
      December 2023.


      CHANGES OF PARTICULARS OF THE DIRECTORS
      Certain particulars of the Directors have been changed in the following respect since the publication date of
      the 2023 interim report of the Company up to 19 April 2024, being the latest practicable date for ascertaining
      information for the purpose of this section, which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of
      the Listing Rules:


       Effective Date           Change


       29 December 2023         Mr. LAU Siu Ki resigned as an independent non-executive director, the chairperson
                                of the remuneration committee and a member of each of the audit committee
                                and nomination committee of COMBA TELECOM SYSTEMS HOLDINGS LIMITED (a
                                company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, the shares of
                                which are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code:
                                2342) and the Singapore Stock Exchange (stock code: STC)).


       28 March 2024            Mr. LAU Siu Ki resigned as an independent non-executive director, the chairperson
                                of each of the audit committee and remuneration committee and a member of the
                                nomination committee of the IVD Medical Holding Limited (a company incorporated
                                in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, the shares of which are listed on the
                                Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 1931)).
                                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023               105

                                                                                                         Report of the Directors




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES, AND
DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the
Company in the Shares, underlying Shares, and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


Interests in the Company – Long Positions
                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                          underlying Shares
                                                                                         interest or deemed
                                                                                           to be interested
                                                       Number of ordinary Shares               under equity                 Approximate
                                                       interested or deemed to be               derivatives                percentage of
                                                               interested                          (Note 2)                  the number
 Name of Directors and                                   Personal               Other             Personal                     of issued
 chief executive               Capacity                  interests           interests            interests        Total         Shares
                                                                              (Note 1)                                          (Note 3)


 Directors
 DU Juan                       Beneficial owner         1,364,075                   –                     –    1,364,075          0.05%
 YAN Xiaolin                   Beneficial owner         1,197,517           1,016,452             654,834      2,868,803          0.11%
 WANG Cheng                    Beneficial owner         6,270,950           2,204,884           4,692,861     13,168,695          0.53%
 SUN Li                        Beneficial owner          878,778             728,568                      –    1,607,346          0.06%
 LI Yuhao                      Beneficial owner            24,000                   –                     –      24,000         0.001%
 WANG Yijiang                  Beneficial owner            44,312                   –             116,442       160,754           0.01%
 LAU Siu Ki                    Beneficial owner            44,778                   –             236,301       281,079           0.01%


 Chief executive
 ZHANG Shaoyong                Beneficial owner         1,894,704           1,469,922             381,747      3,746,373          0.15%

Notes:


1.         These interests are restricted shares that have been granted to the relevant Directors and/or chief executive under
           the 2008 Share Award Scheme and were not vested as at 31 December 2023.


2.         These equity derivatives were outstanding share options granted to the relevant Directors and/or chief executive of
           the Company under the 2016 Share Option Scheme as at 31 December 2023.


3.         The percentages are calculated based on the number of issued Shares as at 31 December 2023, i.e.
           2,507,568,733 Shares.
106   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors and/or chief executives of the
      Company had registered an interest or short position in the Shares, underlying shares or debentures of the
      Company or any of its associated corporations that was required to be recorded pursuant to Section 352 of
      the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model
      Code.


      SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS' INTERESTS
      AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
      As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the persons, other than a Director or chief
      executive of the Company, in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register of
      interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:


      Long Position in Shares
                                                                                                  Percentage of
                                                                                    Number of     the number of
       Shareholders                      Capacity                                  Shares held    issued Shares
                                                                                                         (Note 1)


       TCL Industries Holdings (Note 2) Interest of controlled corporation     1,374,856,288             54.83%
                                                                                      (Note 3)


       WANG Jingbo                       Interest of controlled corporation      342,850,000             13.67%
                                                                                      (Note 4)


       ZENG Edward Qiang                 Interest of controlled corporation      342,850,000             13.67%
                                                                                      (Note 4)


       Noah Holdings Limited             Interest of controlled corporation      342,850,000             13.67%
                                                                                      (Note 5)


       Shanghai Noah Investment          Interest of controlled corporation      342,850,000             13.67%
         Management Co., Ltd*                                                         (Note 4)
         (上海諾亞投資管理有限公司)


       諾亞正行基金銷售有限公司                      Interest of controlled corporation      342,850,000             13.67%
                                                                                      (Note 5)
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   107

                                                                               Report of the Directors




                                                                                             Percentage of
                                                                               Number of     the number of
Shareholders                     Capacity                                    Shares held     issued Shares
                                                                                                   (Note 1)


China Bridge Capital             Interest of controlled corporation         342,850,000             13.67%
  Management Co., Ltd*                                                           (Note 4)
  (北京鑫根投資管理有限公司)


歌斐創世鑫根併購一號投資基金                   Interest of controlled corporation         342,850,000             13.67%
                                                                                 (Note 4)


歌斐創世鑫根併購基金F投資基金                  Interest of controlled corporation         342,850,000             13.67%
                                                                                 (Note 6)


Aeon Life Insurance Co. Ltd*     Interest of controlled corporation         342,850,000             13.67%
  (百年人壽保險股份有限公司)                                                                 (Note 7)


Wuhu Gopher Asset                Interest of controlled corporation         342,850,000             13.67%
  Management Co., Ltd*                                                           (Note 4)
  (蕪湖歌斐資產管理有限公司)


Leshi Internet Information and   Interest of controlled corporation         342,850,000             13.67%
  Technology Corp., Beijing*                                                     (Note 4)
  (樂視網信息技術(北京)
  股份有限公司)


深圳市樂視鑫根併購基金投資                    Interest of controlled corporation         342,850,000             13.67%
  管理企業(有限合夥)                                                                     (Note 4)


深圳市樂視鑫根併購基金投資                    Interest of controlled corporation         342,850,000             13.67%
  管理有限公司                                                                         (Note 4)
108   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      Notes:


      1.       The percentage in respect of the interest of the relevant substantial Shareholder was calculated based on the
               number of Shares and underlying Shares in which such substantial Shareholder was interested as notified to the
               Company and disclosed on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange against the number of issued Shares as
               at 31 December 2023, being 2,507,568,733 Shares in issue.


      2.       As at 31 December 2023, the following Directors were directors/employees of a company who had an interest
               or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the
               provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:


               (a)    Ms. DU Juan was also a director and the CEO of TCL Industries Holdings;


               (b)    Mr. PENG Pan was also the CFO of TCL Industries Holdings;


               (c)    Mr. WANG Cheng was also a director of TCL Industries Holdings; and


               (d)    Mr. SUN Li was also the CTO of TCL Industries Holdings.


      3.       As at 31 December 2023, TCL Industries Holdings was deemed to be interested in 1,374,856,288 Shares held by
               T.C.L. Industries (H.K.).


      4.       Based on the information set out in the relevant disclosures made by the said substantial Shareholder(s),
               342,850,000 Shares were held by Zeal Limited, a 100% controlled corporation of 深圳市樂視鑫根併購基金投資管
               理企業(有限合夥), which was in turn indirectly held as to (i) 0.1% by Mr. ZENG Edward Qiang through China Bridge
               Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (北京鑫根投資管理有限公司); (ii) 60.41% by Ms. WANG Jingbo through Shanghai Noah
               Investment Management Co., Ltd.* (上海諾亞投資管理有限公司), Wuhu Gopher Asset Management Co., Ltd* (蕪湖歌
               斐資產管理有限公司) and 歌斐創世鑫根併購一號投資基金. Leshi Internet Information and Technology Corp., Beijing (樂
               視網信息技術(北京)股份有限公司) was interested or deemed to be interested in the 342,850,000 Shares through the
               corporation(s) controlled by it.


      5.       Based on the information set out in the relevant disclosures made by the said substantial Shareholder(s), 諾亞正行
               基金銷售有限公司 was interested or deemed to be interested in the 342,850,000 Shares as a beneficiary of a trust,
               and Noah Holdings Limited was deemed to be interested in such Shares through its indirect 100% interest in 諾亞正
               行基金銷售有限公司.


      6.       Based on the information set out in the relevant disclosures made by the said substantial Shareholder(s), 歌斐創世
               鑫根併購基金F投資基金 was deemed to be interested in 342,850,000 Shares through its 65.23% indirect interest in
               歌斐創世鑫根併購一號投資基金.

      7.       Based on the information set out in the relevant disclosures made by the said substantial Shareholder(s), Aeon
               Life Insurance Co. Ltd* (百年人壽保險股份有限公司) was interested or deemed to be interested in the 342,850,000
               Shares as a beneficiary of a trust.


      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, no person, other than the Directors and chief executive
      of the Company whose interests or short positions are set out in the section “DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF
      EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES”
      above, had notified the Company of an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares that was
      required to be recorded pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   109

                                                                                Report of the Directors




DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in the sections under the headings “DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES”, “SHARE OPTION SCHEMES” and
“SHARE AWARD SCHEMES” in this Report of the Directors, at no time during the year ended 31 December
2023 were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company
granted to any Director or his/her spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised
by them; nor was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, holding companies, or fellow subsidiaries a party to
any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
The Company adopted the 2016 Share Option Scheme on 18 May 2016. Following the amendments of
Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules which has taken effect on 1 January 2023, the 2023 Share Option Scheme
was adopted and the 2016 Share Option Scheme was terminated on 3 November 2023. Set out below is a
summary of the 2016 Share Option Scheme and 2023 Share Option Scheme.


Summary of the 2016 Share Option Scheme
The purpose of the 2016 Share Option Scheme is to recognise and motivate the contribution of the
participants and to provide incentives and help the Group in retaining its existing employees and recruiting
additional employees and to provide them with a direct economic interest in attaining the long-term
business objectives of the Group. Eligible participants of the 2016 Share Option Scheme include Directors,
including independent non-executive Directors, other employees of the Group, advisers, consultants, agents,
contractors, clients or suppliers of any member of the Group, or any other person whom the Board in its sole
discretion considers may contribute or have contributed to the Group. Under the 2016 Share Option Scheme,
the definition of “any other person” is employees and officers of any affiliated company (i.e. TCL Technology
(being the then ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company), its subsidiaries and companies which, in
accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in the PRC, are recorded as affiliated companies
in the financial statements of TCL Technology, which shall include any company in which TCL Technology
is directly or indirectly interested in not less than 20% of its issued share capital). The 2016 Share Option
Scheme became effective on 18 May 2016 and was terminated on 3 November 2023.
110   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted under
      the 2016 Share Option Scheme must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the number of Shares in issue on the
      date of approval of the 2016 Share Option Scheme. The 10% limit may be refreshed with the approval by
      ordinary resolution of the Shareholders. The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise
      of all outstanding share options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2016 Share Option Scheme must
      not exceed 30% of the number of Shares in issue from time to time. At the AGM held on 23 May 2018,
      an ordinary resolution was passed to refresh the scheme mandate under the 2016 Share Option Scheme
      provided that the total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued pursuant to the grant or exercise
      of share option under the 2016 Share Option Scheme shall not exceed 10% of the number of issued Shares
      as at the date on which the resolution was passed. For details, please also refer to the circular of the
      Company dated 20 April 2018. The scheme mandate under the 2016 Share Option Scheme as refreshed on
      23 May 2018 is 233,261,356 Shares, representing approximately 9.30% of the issued Shares as at the date
      of this annual report.


      The maximum number of Shares issued or to be issued upon exercise of share options granted to (i.e. the
      maximum entitlement of) any one participant in a 12-month period shall not exceed 1% (or 0.1% for any
      substantial Shareholder, independent non-executive Director or any of their respective associates) of the
      number of issued Shares, unless otherwise approved by Shareholders in a general meeting of the Company.


      Share options granted to a Director, chief executive, substantial Shareholder, or any of their respective
      associates are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive Directors. In addition, the
      grant of any share options to a substantial Shareholder, an independent non-executive Director, or any of their
      respective associates, in excess of 0.1% of the number of Shares in issue at any time and with an aggregate
      value (based on the closing price of the Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at the date of grant) in
      excess of HK$5 million, within any 12-month period, are subject to Shareholders’ approval in advance in a
      general meeting of the Company.


      The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted upon payment of a non-refundable nominal
      consideration of HK$1.00, and within the period determined by the Board provided that no such offer shall
      be open for acceptance after the expiry or termination of the 2016 Share Option Scheme by each grantee.
      The 2016 Share Option Scheme does not specify any vesting period or minimum holding period but the Board
      has the authority to determine the minimum period for which a share option in respect of some or all of the
      underlying shares of the share options must be held before it can be exercised. The exercise period of the
      share options granted is determinable by the Directors, and commences on a specified date and ends on a
      date which is not later than ten years from the date of grant of the relevant share options.


      The exercise price of a share option to subscribe for Shares is determinable by the Directors, but may not be
      less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the date of
      grant; (ii) the average closing price of the Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for the five trading days
      immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the Shares.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   111

                                                                                  Report of the Directors




The Directors have estimated the values of the share options granted, calculated using the binomial option
pricing model as at the date of grant of the options. The values of share options calculated using the binomial
model are subject to certain fundamental limitations, due to the subjective nature of and uncertainty relating
to a number of assumptions of the expected future performance input to the model, and certain inherent
limitations of the model itself.


The value of an option varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions. Any change to the
variables used may materially affect the estimation of the fair value of a share option.


Summary of the 2023 Share Option Scheme
Reference is made to the circular of the Company dated 17 October 2023. Unless otherwise defined, all
capitalised terms and abbreviations under this section shall have the same meanings as those defined in the
said circular.


The purposes of the 2023 Share Option Scheme are (i) to recognise and acknowledge the contributions
of the Participants and to motivate Participants to contribute to, and promote the interests of, the
Company by granting share options to them as incentives or rewards for their contributions to the growth
and development of the Group; (ii) to attract, retain and motivate high-calibre Participants to promote the
sustainable development of the Group in line with the performance goals of the Group; (iii) to develop,
maintain and strengthen long-term relationships that the Participants may have with the Group for the benefit
of the Group; and (iv) to align the interest of the Participants with those of the Shareholders to promote the
long-term performance (whether in financial, business and operational aspects) of the Group. The Participants
of the 2023 Share Option Scheme will include Employee Participants, Related Entity Participants, and Service
Providers. The 2023 Share Option Scheme became effective on 3 November 2023 and, unless otherwise
cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date until 2 November 2033.


The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued in respect of all share options that may be
granted under the 2023 Share Option Scheme and all share options and all share awards that may be granted
under any Other Schemes existing at such time, must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of
Shares in issue as at the date of approval of the 2023 Share Option Scheme (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”).
The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued in respect of share options that may be granted
to Service Providers under the 2023 Share Option Scheme and all share options and all share awards that
may be granted under any Other Schemes existing at such time, must not in aggregate exceed 1% of the total
number of Shares in issue as at the date of approval of the 2023 Share Option Scheme (the “Service Provider
Sublimit”). The Scheme Mandate Limit and the Service Provider Sublimit may respectively be refreshed by
ordinary resolution of the Shareholders in general meeting after three years from 3 November 2023 or the
date of Shareholders’ approval for the last refreshment. The Scheme Mandate Limit is 250,756,873 Shares,
representing approximately 10.00% of the issued Shares as at the date of this annual report.
112   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      The maximum number of Shares issued or to be issued upon exercise of share options granted to (i.e. the
      maximum entitlement of) any one participant in a 12-month period shall not exceed 1% (or 0.1% for any
      substantial Shareholder, independent non-executive Director, or any of their respective associates) of the
      number of issued Shares, unless otherwise approved by Shareholders in a general meeting of the Company.


      Share options granted to a Director, chief executive or substantial Shareholder, or to any of their respective
      associates are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive Directors. In addition, the
      grant of any share options to a substantial Shareholder or an independent non-executive Director, or to any
      of their respective associates, in excess of 0.1% of the number of Shares in issue at any time within any
      12-month period, are subject to Shareholders’ approval in advance in a general meeting of the Company.


      The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted upon payment of a non-refundable nominal
      consideration of HK$0.10, and within the period determined by the Board provided that no such offer shall be
      open for acceptance after the expiry or termination of the 2023 Share Option Scheme by each grantee.


      The vesting period in respect of any share options shall not be less than 12 months (or such other period as
      the Listing Rules may prescribe or permit from time to time). Share options granted to Employee Participants
      may be subject to a shorter vesting period as determined by (i) the Remuneration Committee if such Employee
      Participant is a Director or a senior manager of the Company, or (ii) the Board if such Employee Participant is
      not a Director or a senior manager of the Company, under any of the following circumstances:


      (a)   grants of “make-whole” share options to a new Employee Participant to replace the share awards or
            share options that such Employee Participant forfeited when leaving his or her previous employer;


      (b)   grants to an Employee Participant whose employment is terminated due to death or disability or
            occurrence of any out of control events;


      (c)   grants of share options with performance-based vesting conditions as determined by the Board, in lieu
            of time-based vesting criteria;


      (d)   grants of share options that are made in batches during a year for administrative and compliance
            reasons;


      (e)   grants of share options with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule such as where the share options
            may vest evenly over a period of 12 months; and


      (f)   grants of share options with a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months.


      The exercise period of the share options granted is determinable by the Directors, and commences on a
      specified date and ends on a date which is not later than ten years from the date of grant of the relevant
      share options.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   113

                                                                                  Report of the Directors




The exercise price of a share option to subscribe for Shares is determinable by the Directors, but may not be
less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the date of
grant; (ii) the average closing price of the Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for the five trading days
immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the Shares.


The Directors have estimated the values of the share options granted, calculated using the binomial option
pricing model as at the date of grant of the options. The values of share options calculated using the binomial
model are subject to certain fundamental limitations, due to the subjective nature of and uncertainty relating
to a number of assumptions of the expected future performance input to the model, and certain inherent
limitations of the model itself.


The value of an option varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions. Any change to the
variables used may materially affect the estimation of the fair value of a share option.


Details of the 2023 Share Option Scheme were set out in the circular of the Company dated 17 October
2023.


As at 1 January 2023, the number of share options available for grant under the then available scheme
mandate under the 2016 Share Option Scheme was 233,261,356, which represented approximately 9.33% of
the total number of issued Shares as at 1 January 2023. As the 2016 Share Option Scheme was terminated
on 3 November 2023, no further share options may be granted under the 2016 Share Option Scheme with
effect from 3 November 2023. Accordingly, as at 31 December 2023, the number of options available
for grant under the then available scheme mandate under the 2016 Share Option Scheme was 0, which
represented 0% of the total number of issued Shares as at 31 December 2023.
114   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      The following share options were outstanding under the share option schemes during the year:


                                                                                                                                                                                              Share closing        Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                      price          average
                                                                                                                                                                                               immediately     share closing
                                                                           Number of share options                                                                                               before the             price
       Name or                             At                   Granted            Exercised         Cancelled      Lapsed              At         Date of        Exercise         Exercise         date of     immediately
       category of                  1 January                     during              during            during       during    31 December        grant of         price of       period of        grant of       before the
       participants                     2023 Reclassification   the year            the year          the year     the year           2023   share options   share options    share options   share options   exercise dates
                                                                                                                                                                       HK$                             HK$               HK$

       Directors
       Executive Director
       YAN Xiaolin                   116,442               –          –                    –                 –            –       116,442       23-Jan-18          4.1520           Note 2            3.91               N/A
                                     538,392               –          –                    –                 –            –       538,392       25-Apr-18          3.5700           Note 3            3.55               N/A

                                     654,834               –          –                    –                 –            –       654,834

                                     654,834               –          –                    –                 –            –       654,834

       Non-executive Director
       WANG Cheng                       1,063              –          –                    –                         (1,063)             –      12-May-17          3.7329           Note 1            3.70               N/A
                                    4,301,397              –          –                    –                              –      4,301,397      23-Jan-18          4.1520           Note 2            3.91               N/A
                                      391,464              –          –                    –                              –        391,464       25-Apr-18         3.5700           Note 3            3.55               N/A

                                    4,693,924              –          –                    –                 –       (1,063)     4,692,861

       Independent Non-executive
         Directors
       WANG Yijiang                  116,442               –          –                    –                 –            –       116,442       23-Jan-18          4.1520           Note 2            3.91               N/A

                                     116,442               –          –                    –                 –            –       116,442

       LAU Siu Ki                    116,442               –          –                    –                 –            –       116,442       23-Jan-18          4.1520           Note 2            3.91               N/A
                                     119,859               –          –                    –                 –            –       119,859       25-Apr-18          3.5700           Note 3            3.55               N/A

                                     236,301               –          –                    –                 –            –       236,301

                                    5,046,667              –          –                    –                 –       (1,063)     5,045,604

       Chief executive
       ZHANG Shaoyong                381,747               –          –                    –                 –            –       381,747       23-Jan-18          4.1520           Note 2            3.91               N/A

                                     381,747               –          –                    –                 –            –       381,747

       Other employees              2,157,243        (47,251)         –             (50,000)                 –   (2,059,992)             –      12-May-17          3.7329           Note 1            3.70              3.70
         of the Group#             18,565,303      2,555,742          –              (5,000)                 –   (1,714,296)    19,401,749      23-Jan-18          4.1520           Note 2            3.91              3.75
                                      100,610      1,599,903          –                   –                  –            –      1,700,513       25-Apr-18         3.5700           Note 3            3.55               N/A

                                   20,823,156      4,108,394          –             (55,000)                 –   (3,774,288)    21,102,262
                                                                                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                       115

                                                                                                                                                                  Report of the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                               Share closing        Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                       price          average
                                                                                                                                                                                                immediately     share closing
                                                                            Number of share options                                                                                               before the             price
    Name or                                At                    Granted            Exercised         Cancelled      Lapsed              At         Date of        Exercise         Exercise         date of     immediately
    category of                     1 January                      during              during            during       during    31 December        grant of         price of       period of        grant of       before the
    participants                        2023 Reclassification    the year            the year          the year     the year           2023   share options   share options    share options   share options   exercise dates
                                                                                                                                                                        HK$                             HK$               HK$

    Employees of TCL Industries
     Holdings and fellow
     subsidiaries and associated      30,976          47,251           –                    –                 –      (78,227)            –       12-May-17          3.7329           Note 1            3.70               N/A
     companies of the Company#       637,200        (370,190)          –                    –                 –       (7,171)      259,839       23-Jan-18          4.1520           Note 2            3.91               N/A

                                     668,176        (322,939)          –                    –                 –     (85,398)       259,839

    Others#                           197,781               –          –                    –                 –    (197,781)              –      12-May-17          3.7329           Note 1            3.70               N/A
                                    6,880,568      (2,185,552)         –                 (561)                –     (82,188)      4,612,267      23-Jan-18          4.1520           Note 2            3.91              4.13
                                    4,468,414      (1,599,903)         –               (1,000)                –           –       2,867,511       25-Apr-18         3.5700           Note 3            3.55              3.74

                                   11,546,763     (3,785,455)          –               (1,561)                –    (279,969)      7,479,778

                                   39,121,343               –          –             (56,561)                 –   (4,140,718)    34,924,064



Note 1                 Approximately 21% of such share options are exercisable commencing from 9 January 2018, and the remaining
                       approximately 79% are exercisable commencing from 9 January 2019, up to 11 May 2023.

Note 2                 Approximately one-sixth of such share options are exercisable commencing from 18 May 2019, approximately
                       one-sixth from 9 January 2020, approximately one-sixth from 18 May 2020, approximately one-sixth from 9
                       January 2021, a further approximately one-sixth are exercisable commencing from 18 May 2021, and the
                       remaining approximately one-sixth are exercisable commencing from 9 January 2022, up to 22 January 2024.

Note 3                 For share options granted to grantees in their capacity as employees of the Group, all of such share options are
                       exercisable commencing from 9 January 2019, up to 24 April 2024.

                       For share options granted to grantees in their capacity as employees of TCL Technology Group (excluding the
                       Group), approximately one-third of such share options are exercisable commencing from 15 June 2018, a further
                       approximately one-third are exercisable commencing from 15 June 2019, and the remaining approximately one-
                       third are exercisable commencing from 15 June 2020, up to 24 April 2024.

#
                       The outstanding share options were granted under the 2016 Share Option Scheme for a wide scope of
                       participants covering any person who is or was (i) an employee, adviser, consultant, agent, contractor, client
                       or supplier of any member of the Group or (ii) an employee or officer of any affiliated company whom the Board
                       in its sole discretion considers may contribute or have contributed to the Group, whereas affiliated company
                       refers to the then holding company of the Company (TCL Technology), subsidiary of such holding company and
                       companies which, in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in the PRC, are recorded as
                       affiliated companies in the financial statements of such holding company.

To comply with the disclosure requirements under the new Rule 17.07 of the Listing Rules which have come
into effect on 1 January 2023, the information in the above table is presented in the manner that grantees
have been re-categorised, with reference to their capacity as at 31 December 2023, into (i) employee
participants; (ii) related entity participants; and (iii) service providers by category. In this connection, (i) other
employees of the Group are employees of the Group other than Directors and chief executive; (ii) employees
of TCL Industries Holdings, fellow subsidiaries and associated companies of the Company correspond to the
related entity participants within the meaning of the new Chapter 17; and (iii) others are participants which
do not fall into the definition of employee participants, related entity participants or service providers under
the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, who are employees of the then affiliated companies of the Company
which however do not fall within the definition of related entity participants under the new Chapter 17.
116   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES
      The Company adopted the 2008 Share Award Scheme on 6 February 2008 and, unless otherwise cancelled
      or amended, would remain in force for 15 years from that date until 5 February 2023. Following the expiration
      of the 2008 Share Award Scheme on 5 February 2023, the Company adopted the 2023 Share Award Scheme
      on 3 November 2023. The 2023 Share Award Scheme constitutes a share scheme involving grant of, among
      others, new Shares under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Details of the 2023 Share Award Scheme were set
      out in the circular of the Company dated 17 October 2023.


      Summary of the 2008 Share Award Scheme
      The purposes of the 2008 Share Award Scheme are to recognise and motivate the contribution of certain
      participants and to provide incentives and help the Group in retaining its existing employees and recruiting
      suitable personnel as additional employees to further the operation and development of the Group and to
      provide them with a direct economic interest in attaining the long-term business objectives of the Group.
      Eligible participants of the 2008 Share Award Scheme include employees of the Group (including but not
      limited to directors, chief executives and supervisors), advisers, consultants, agents, contractors, clients
      or suppliers of any member of the Group, and any employees or officer of any affiliated company (i.e. TCL
      Technology (being the then ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company), its subsidiaries and companies
      which, in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in the PRC, are recorded as affiliated
      companies in the financial statements of TCL Technology, which shall include any company in which TCL
      Technology is directly or indirectly interested in not less than 20% of its issued share capital) who has a
      managerial role in the affiliated company, whom the Board in its sole discretion considers may contribute or
      have contributed to the Group.


      By a Shareholders’ resolution passed in the EGM held on 11 August 2015, the 2008 Share Award Scheme
      was amended. Details of the 2008 Share Award Scheme and the amendments were set out in the Company’s
      announcements dated 6 February 2008 and 25 June 2015 respectively and the circulars dated 19 March
      2008 and 27 July 2015 respectively. On 13 June 2016, the Board further resolved to amend the 2008 Share
      Award Scheme to allow the Board, at its sole and absolute discretion, to accelerate the vesting of awarded
      Shares and/or waive and/or alter any or all of the vesting conditions attached to the awarded Shares. On
      24 November 2017, the Board resolved to, among others, divide the 2008 Share Award Scheme into two
      sub-schemes, namely the Restricted Share Award Scheme for Management and the Restricted Share Award
      Scheme for Employees and Others respectively for the said two groups of participants for better management
      and administration (“2017 Amendments”).
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   117

                                                                                Report of the Directors




On 4 May 2018, the Board further resolved to, among others, introduce a refreshment mechanism that
allowed for refreshment of the scheme limit subject to fulfilment of certain conditions, as well as an annual
specific mandate be granted to the Directors, subject to Shareholders’ approval, to allot and issue new
Shares under the 2008 Share Award Scheme for not exceeding 3% of the number of Shares in issue as at
the date on which the resolution was passed, and make other consequential amendments to the 2008 Share
Award Scheme (collectively “2018 Amendments”). For further details of the 2017 Amendments and the 2018
Amendments, please refer to the circular of the Company dated 7 May 2018. On 23 May 2018, ordinary
resolutions were passed by the Shareholders to approve, among others, the amended 2008 Share Award
Scheme with the 2018 Amendments incorporated.


Unless specifically approved by the Shareholders, the maximum number of Shares which may be awarded to
(i.e. the maximum entitlement of) any participant in any 12-month period under the 2008 Share Award Scheme
shall not exceed 1% of the number of issued Shares as at 11 August 2015 or the latest date on which the
Board approved the refreshment of scheme limit (“New Approval Date”) (as the case may be), excluding all
the Shares awarded under the 2008 Share Award Scheme up to 11 August 2015 or the latest New Approval
Date (as the case may be). The 2008 Share Award Scheme does not specify any vesting period. The Board
has the authority to determine, among other things, the vesting conditions, the vesting period and schedule,
the number and form of awarded Shares, the terms and conditions for each grant awarded Shares, and the
period for acceptance of grant. In general, no amount is payable on acceptance of grant of awarded Shares
under the 2008 Share Award Scheme. The Trustee of the 2008 Share Award Scheme shall purchase Shares
from the market for grant of awarded Shares at prevailing market price.


As at 1 January 2023, the maximum number of awarded Shares (whether in the form of new Shares or existing
Shares) available for grant under the 2008 Share Award Scheme (i.e. the scheme limit) was 118,757,710
(representing approximately 4.74% of the total number of issued Shares as at the date of this annual report).
As at 31 December 2023, the number of share awards available for grant under the then available scheme
limit under the 2008 Share Award Scheme was 0, which represented 0% of the total number of issued Shares
as at 31 December 2023.
118   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      Summary of the 2023 Share Award Scheme
      Reference is made to the circular of the Company dated 17 October 2023. Unless otherwise defined, all
      capitalised terms and abbreviations under this section shall have the same meanings as those defined in the
      said circular.


      The purposes of the 2023 Share Award Scheme are (i) to recognise and acknowledge the contribution of
      the Participants and to motivate Participants to contribute to, and promote the interests of, the Company by
      granting share awards to them as incentives or rewards for their contribution to the growth and development
      of the Group; (ii) to attract, retain and motivate high-calibre Participants to promote the sustainable
      development of the Group in line with the performance goals of the Group; (iii) to develop, maintain and
      strengthen long-term relationships that the Participants may have with the Group for the benefit of the Group;
      and (iv) to align the interest of the Selected Persons with those of the Shareholders to promote the long-term
      performance (whether in financial, business and operational aspects) of the Group. The Participants of the
      2023 Share Award Scheme include Employee Participants, Related Entity Participants and Service Providers,
      and provided that if and only if a share award is to be made in the form of existing Shares, Participants in
      respect of such share award shall also include Other Participants, i.e. any other person(s) whom the Board
      in its sole discretion considers may contribute or have contributed to the Group (including but not limited to
      employees and officers of any invested entities of the Company, of any affiliated entities of the Company,
      and/or of any Service Provider). The 2023 Share Award Scheme became effective on 3 November 2023 and,
      unless otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date until 2 November
      2033.


      The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued in respect of all share awards to be granted
      under the 2023 Share Award Scheme, and all share options and all share awards to be granted under any
      Other Schemes existing at such time, must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in
      issue as at the date of approval of the 2023 Share Award Scheme. The total number of Shares which may
      be allotted and issued in respect of all share awards to be granted that may be granted to Service Providers
      under the under the 2023 Share Award Scheme and all share options and all share awards that may be
      granted under any Other Schemes existing at such time, must not in aggregate exceed 1% of the total number
      of Shares in issue as at the date of approval of the 2023 Share Award Scheme. The Scheme Mandate Limit
      and the Service Provider Sublimit may respectively be refreshed by ordinary resolution of the Shareholders in
      general meeting after three years from 3 November 2023 or the date of Shareholders’ approval for the last
      refreshment. The Scheme Mandate Limit is 250,756,873 Shares, representing approximately 10.00% of the
      issued Shares as at the date of this annual report.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    119

                                                                                  Report of the Directors




The vesting period in respect of any awarded Share shall not be less than 12 months (or such other period as
the Listing Rules may prescribe or permit from time to time). Share awards granted to Employee Participants
may be subject to a shorter vesting period as determined by (i) the Remuneration Committee if such Employee
Participant is a Director or a senior manager of the Company, or (ii) the Board if such Employee Participant is
not a Director or a senior manager of the Company, under any of the following circumstances:


(a)   grants of “make-whole” share awards to a new Employee Participant to replace the share awards or
      share options that such Employee Participant forfeited when leaving his or her previous employer;


(b)   grants to an Employee Participant whose employment is terminated due to death or disability or
      occurrence of any out of control events;


(c)   grants of share awards with performance-based vesting conditions as determined by the Board, in lieu
      of time-based vesting criteria;


(d)   grants of share awards that are made in batches during a year for administrative and compliance
      reasons;


(e)   grants of share awards with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule such as where the share awards
      may vest evenly over a period of 12 months; and


(f)   grants of share awards with a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months


Subject to the foregoing minimum vesting period requirements, the Board has the authority to determine,
among other things, the vesting conditions, the vesting period and schedule, the number and form of awarded
Shares, the terms and conditions for each grant, and the period for acceptance of grant. In general, no
amount is payable on acceptance of grant of awarded Shares under the 2023 Share Award Scheme. The
purchase price of the awarded Shares (i.e. the price payable by a Selected Person to purchase the awarded
Shares), if any, shall be such price which shall be determined by the Board from time to time based on
considerations such as the prevailing closing price of the Shares, the purpose of the share award, and the
characteristics and profile of the Selected Person. Such room for discretion provides the Board with flexibility
to stipulate, if necessary, a purchase price for awarded Shares, while balancing the purpose of the share
award and the interests of Shareholders.


The Company has appointed the Trustee for the administration of the share award scheme. To the knowledge
and belief of the Company, the Trustee is an independent third party to the Company. No one, including the
Trustee, may exercise any voting rights in respect of the awarded Shares held by the Trustee.


The trust for management and the trust for employees and other details of which are set out in note 37 to the
financial statements.
120   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      The following Award Shares were outstanding during the year:


                                                                                                                                                                                             Share closing       Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                     price         average
                                                                                                                                                                    Share                     immediately    share closing
                                                                              Number of Award Shares                                                         closing price                      before the            price
       Name or                                At                   Granted              Vested         Cancelled    Lapsed             At        Date of      on the date         Vesting          date of    immediately
       category of                     1 January                     during              during           during     during   31 December        grant of      of grant of       period of        grant of      before the
       participants                        2023 Reclassification   the year            the year         the year   the year          2023   Award Shares    Award Shares     Award Shares    Award Shares    vesting dates
                                                                                                                                                                      HK$                             HK$              HK$

       Directors
       Executive Director
       YAN Xiaolin                     2,032,904              –          –          (1,016,452)                –         –      1,016,452      18-May-21             5.21          Note 1            5.16             3.67

                                       2,032,904              –          –          (1,016,452)                –         –      1,016,452

                                       2,032,904              –          –          (1,016,452)                –         –      1,016,452

       Non-executive Directors
       WANG Cheng                      4,409,768              –          –          (2,204,884)                –         –      2,204,884      18-May-21             5.21          Note 1            5.16             3.67

                                       4,409,768              –          –          (2,204,884)                –         –      2,204,884

       SUN Li                          1,457,137              –          –            (728,569)                –         –       728,568       18-May-21             5.21          Note 1            5.16             3.67

                                       1,457,137              –          –            (728,569)                –         –       728,568

                                       5,866,905              –          –          (2,933,453)                –         –      2,933,452

       Chief executive
       ZHANG Shaoyong                  2,939,845              –          –          (1,469,923)                –         –      1,469,922      18-May-21             5.21          Note 1            5.16             3.67

                                       2,939,845              –          –          (1,469,923)                –         –      1,469,922

       Other employees of the Group 51,397,351         (804,854)         –         (24,319,276)                –         –     26,273,221      18-May-21             5.21          Note 1            5.16             3.67

                                      51,397,351       (804,854)         –         (24,319,276)                –         –     26,273,221

       Employees of TCL Industries
        Holdings and fellow
        subsidiaries and associated
        companies of the Company       1,674,602        791,082          –          (1,196,834)                –         –      1,268,850      18-May-21             5.21          Note 1            5.16             3.67

                                       1,674,602        791,082          –          (1,196,834)                –         –      1,268,850

       Others                          8,139,582         13,772          –          (4,113,507)                –         –      4,039,847      18-May-21             5.21          Note 1            5.16             3.67

                                       8,139,582         13,772          –          (4,113,507)                –         –      4,039,847

                                      72,051,189              –          –         (35,049,445)                –         –     37,001,744
                                                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023        121

                                                                                       Report of the Directors




Note 1    For Awarded Shares granted in view of the achievement of performance targets for 2017 to 2020, approximately
          40% of such Awarded Shares were vested on 20 June 2022, a further approximately 30% were vested on 20
          June 2023, and the remaining approximately 30% are scheduled to be vested on 20 June 2024. For Awarded
          Shares granted in view of the achievement of performance targets for 2021, approximately 40% of such Awarded
          Shares were vested on 20 June 2023, a further approximately 30% are scheduled to be vested on 20 June
          2024, and the remaining approximately 30% are scheduled to be vested on 20 June 2025. For details, please
          refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19 May 2021.


Note 2    The purchase price (being the price payable by a grantee to purchase the awarded Shares) of all awarded Shares
          disclosed in the above table is nil.


To comply with the disclosure requirements under the new Rule 17.07 of the Listing Rules which have come
into effect on 1 January 2023, information in the above table are presented in the manner that grantees have
been re-categorised, with reference to their capacity as at 31 December 2023, into (i) employee participants;
(ii) related entity participants; and (iii) service providers by category. In this connection, (i) other employees
of the Group are employees of the Group other than Directors and chief executives; (ii) employees of TCL
Industries Holdings, fellow subsidiaries and associated companies of the Company correspond to the related
entity participants within the meaning of the new Chapter 17; and (iii) others are participants which do not
fall into the definition of employee participants, related entity participants or service providers under the new
Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, who are employees of the then affiliated companies of the Company which
however do not fall within the definition of related entity participants under the new Chapter 17.


As disclosed above, the Company adopted the 2023 Share Option Scheme and 2023 Share Award Scheme
on 3 November 2023. No grant was made under the 2023 Share Option Scheme, 2023 Share Award Scheme,
or any Other Schemes (including the 2016 Share Option Scheme and the 2008 Share Award Scheme) during
the year ended 31 December 2023. Accordingly, as at 31 December 2023, the number of share options and
share awards available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit and Service Provider Sublimit under the
2023 Share Option Scheme, 2023 Share Award Scheme and any Other Schemes (including the 2016 Share
Option Scheme and the 2008 Share Award Scheme) were 250,756,873 Shares and 25,075,687 Shares
respectively.


As no grant was made under the 2023 Share Option Scheme, 2023 Share Award Scheme or any Other
Schemes (including the 2016 Share Option Scheme and the 2008 Share Award Scheme) during the year
ended 31 December 2023, the number of shares that may be issued in respect of share options and share
awards granted under all share schemes of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2023 divided by
the weighted average number of Shares in issue during the year ended 31 December 2023 is 0.
122   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
      During the year, the Group entered into a number of connected transactions and continuing connected
      transactions with its connected persons including (i) TCL Industries Holdings (being the ultimate controlling
      shareholder of the Company), its subsidiaries and its associates (as defined in the Listing Rules), (ii)
      Tencent Holdings Limited (a connected person at the subsidiary level as one of Tencent Holdings Limited’s
      wholly-owned subsidiaries held approximately 16.67% of Falcon Network Technology as at 31 December 2023)
      and its subsidiaries (collectively “Tencent Group”) and (iii) STA (a connected person at the subsidiary level as
      STA held 25% of TCL SEMP as at 31 December 2023).


      The Group entered into the following connected transactions (other than connected transactions that are
      exempted under Rule 14A.73 of the Listing Rules) during the year ended 31 December 2023:


      (a)   On 7 July 2023 (São Paulo time) (7 July 2023, Hong Kong time after trading hours), TCL SEMP, an
            indirect subsidiary of the Company, and STA entered into the subscription bulletin (“Subscription
            Bulletin”), pursuant to which STA agreed to subscribe for, and TCL SEMP agreed to issue and allot
            to STA, the subscription shares (“Subscription Shares”) which represented approximately 6.25% of
            the issued shares of TCL SEMP as enlarged by the subscription (“Subscription”). Prior to the entering
            into of the Subscription Bulletin, TCL SEMP was owned as to 80% and 20% by TCL NL (an indirect
            wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and STA respectively. Immediately after the issuance and
            allotment of the Subscription Shares to STA, TCL SEMP was owned as to approximately 75% and
            25% by TCL NL and STA respectively, and as such STA is a connected person of the Company at the
            subsidiary level of the Company pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. TCL SEMP would remain
            to be a subsidiary of the Company, and the results, assets, and liabilities of TCL SEMP would continue
            to be consolidated into the accounts of the Group.


            Upon the completion of the Subscription, in order to reflect the shareholders’ rights and obligations
            following the aforesaid change in shareholding in and of TCL SEMP and with a view to strengthening
            the cooperation between the parties, on the same date (i.e. 7 July 2023 (São Paulo time) (7 July 2023,
            Hong Kong time after trading hours)), TCL NL, STA, TCL SEMP and Affonso Brandão Hennel entered into
            the new shareholders’ agreement (“New Shareholders’ Agreement”) in respect of TCL SEMP, pursuant
            to which, among others, (i) the shareholders’ agreement dated 20 July 2020 (São Paulo time) (21 July
            2020 (Hong Kong time)) in respect of TCL SEMP (and hence the call option and the put option granted
            thereunder) was thereby terminated in its entirety; (ii) STA granted the new call option to TCL NL (or
            its designated assignee), pursuant to which TCL NL (or its designated assignee) would have the right
            to purchase from STA, and STA would be obliged to sell to TCL NL (or its designated assignee), all
            but not less than all option shares at the new call option purchase price; and (iii) TCL NL granted the
            new put option to STA, pursuant to which STA would have the right to sell to TCL NL (or its designated
            assignee), and TCL NL (by itself or via its designated assignee) would be obliged to purchase from
            STA, all but not less than all option shares at the new put option purchase price, which is subject to
            a maximum price of R$1,200,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$1,935,960,000). For details,
            please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 7 July 2023.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    123

                                                                                 Report of the Directors




(b)   On 27 September 2023 (after trading hours), Huizhou TCL Mobile, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
      of the Company, entered into an equity transfer agreement with TCL Industries Holdings, pursuant
      to which Huizhou TCL Mobile agreed to sell, and TCL Industries Holdings agreed to purchase, the
      target equity interest representing 10% equity interest in and of Huizhou Kuyu at the consideration of
      RMB51,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$55,720,000).


      Immediately prior to the completion of the disposal, Huizhou Kuyu was held as to 26% by the Group
      through TCL King (Huizhou), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Huizhou TCL
      Mobile in aggregate (in which Huizhou Kuyu was held as to 16% and 10% by TCL King (Huizhou) and
      Huizhou TCL Mobile respectively), and as to 74% by TCL Industries Holdings. As T.C.L. Industries (H.K.)
      is a substantial shareholder of the Company and a connected person of the Company under Chapter
      14A of the Listing Rules, and TCL Industries Holdings is the holding company of T.C.L. Industries (H.K.),
      TCL Industries Holdings is an associate of T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) and therefore also a connected
      person of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Upon completion of the disposal, the
      Group would only hold 16% equity interest in and of Huizhou Kuyu through TCL King (Huizhou), and
      Huizhou Kuyu ceased to be an associate company of the Company. The transaction was completed in
      September 2023. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 27 September
      2023.


The Group carried out the following continuing connected transactions (other than continuing connected
transactions that are fully exempted under Rule 14A.73 of the Listing Rules) during the year ended 31
December 2023:


(a)   Pursuant to the Master Sale and Purchase (2022-2024) Agreement dated 11 November 2021 entered
      into between the Company and TCL Industries Holdings, the Group (i) purchased TCL Associates
      Products (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021) from TCL
      Industries Holdings and its various associates amounting to HK$8,124,109,000; and (ii) sold
      Electronics Products (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021)
      to TCL Industries Holdings and its various associates amounting to HK$9,307,561,000 during the
      year. Further details of the Master Sale and Purchase (2022-2024) Agreement are set out in the
      announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021 and the circular of the Company dated 22
      November 2021.


(b)   Pursuant to the Master Services (2022-2024) Agreement dated 11 November 2021 entered into
      between the Company and TCL Industries Holdings, the Group (i) paid service fees to TCL Industries
      Holdings and its various associates amounting to HK$1,624,092,000; and (ii) received service fees
      from TCL Industries Holdings and its various associates amounting to HK$108,796,000 during the
      year. Further details of the Master Services (2022-2024) Agreement are set out in the announcement
      of the Company dated 11 November 2021 and the circular of the Company dated 22 November 2021.
124   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      (c)   Pursuant to the Master Brand Promotion (2022-2024) Agreement dated 11 November 2021 entered into
            between the Company and TCL Industries Holdings, the Group shall pay brand promotion fees to TCL
            Industries Holdings for setting up and/or maintaining promotion fund(s) for advertisement, promotion,
            management, and maintenance of TCL Brand (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated
            11 November 2021) and/or TCL Industries Holdings Brand (as defined in the announcement of the
            Company dated 11 November 2021). During the year, the Group paid brand promotion fee to TCL
            Industries Holdings amounting to HK$529,935,000. Further details of the Master Brand Promotion
            (2022-2024) Agreement are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021
            and the circular of the Company dated 22 November 2021.


      (d)   Pursuant to the Master Financial (2022-2024) Agreement dated 11 November 2021 entered into among
            the Company, TCL Industries Holdings, and Finance Company (HK) (a subsidiary of TCL Industries
            Holdings), (i) the maximum outstanding daily balances of deposits (including interest receivables in
            respect of these deposits and deposits as security) placed by TCL Electronics Qualified Members (as
            defined in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021) with Finance Company (HK)
            and/or TCL Industries Holdings Financial Services Associates (as defined in the announcement of the
            Company dated 11 November 2021) amounted to HK$2,448,562,000; (ii) the maximum daily balances
            of outstanding loans (including interest receivables in respect of those loans) provided by the Group
            to the Qualified Holdings Group (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November
            2021) amounted to HK$4,420,153,000; (iii) the facility limit (including interest and handling fees)
            provided by TCL Industries Holdings Financial Services Associates to TCL Electronics Qualified Members
            amounted to HK$551,871,000; (iv) the maximum daily balance of value of security provided by TCL
            Electronics Qualified Members to TCL Industries Holdings Financial Services Associates for Financing
            Services (as defined in the announcement dated 11 November 2021) amounted to HK$551,871,000;
            and (v) foreign exchange transactions entered into between the Group and Finance Company (HK) and/
            or TCL Industries Holdings Financial Services Associates amounted to HK$8,081,507,000 during the
            year. Further details of the Master Financial (2022-2024) Agreement are set out in the announcement
            of the Company dated 11 November 2021 and the circular of the Company dated 22 November 2021.


      (e)   Pursuant to the Master Rental (2022-2024) Agreement dated 11 November 2021 entered into between
            the Company and TCL Industries Holdings, during the year, (i) the Group received rental/license income
            from TCL Industries Holdings and its associates amounting to HK$11,870,000; (ii) the Group paid
            rental/license cost to TCL Industries Holdings and its associates amounting to HK$13,520,000; and
            (iii) the total maximum value of the right-of-use assets for TCL Industries Holdings and its associates
            to be leased to the Group amounted to HK$133,844,000. Further details of the Master Rental (2022-
            2024) Agreement are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   125

                                                                                Report of the Directors




(f)   Pursuant to the Master Finance Lease (2022-2024) Agreement dated 26 August 2022 entered into
      among the Company, TCL Industries Holdings, and TCL Finance Lease (Zhuhai) (a subsidiary of TCL
      Industries Holdings), (i) the Group had not entered into individual agreements for sale of leased assets
      to TCL Industries Holdings and its associates during the year ended 31 December 2023 and received
      contractual sum of HK$419,202,000 in aggregate for the agreements entered into during the financial
      year ended 31 December 2022; (ii) the Group did not have actual amount paid under the guarantee
      arrangement during the year; and (iii) the maximum outstanding balance of security deposits paid by
      the Group to TCL Industries Holdings and its associates amounted to HK$24,052,000 during the year.
      Further details of the Master Finance Lease (2022-2024) Agreement are set out in the announcement
      of the Company dated 26 August 2022 and the circular of the Company dated 8 September 2022.


(g)   Pursuant to the Master Photovoltaic Power Construction Services (2022-2024) Agreement dated 26
      August 2022 entered into between the Company and TCL Industries Holdings, the Group (i) received
      construction services income from TCL Industries Holdings and its various associates amounting to
      HK$805,446,000; and (ii) received operation and maintenance services income from TCL Industries
      Holdings and its various associates amounting to HK$1,082,000 during the year. Further details
      of the Master Photovoltaic Power Construction Services (2022-2024) Agreement are set out in the
      announcement of the Company dated 26 August 2022 and the circular of the Company dated 8
      September 2022.


(h)   Pursuant to the Internet TV Cooperation (2022-2024) Framework Agreement dated 28 October 2022
      entered into between the Company and Tencent Computer (as defined in the announcement of the
      Company dated 28 October 2022), during the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group (i) received
      aggregate income from Tencent Computer amounting to HK$88,719,000; and (ii) paid aggregate fees
      to Tencent Computer amounting to HK$372,431,000. Further details of the Internet TV Cooperation
      (2022-2024) Framework Agreement are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 28 October
      2022.
126   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      (i)   Pursuant to the Exclusive Business Co-operation Agreement dated 23 July 2019 (as supplemented and
            amended from time to time) entered into between Falcon Network Technology and the OPCO, the OPCO
            Group shall engage Falcon Network Technology on an exclusive basis to provide business support,
            technical services, consulting services, and other services, including but not limited to technical
            services, network support, business consultation, intellectual property licensing, leasing of equipment,
            market consultation, system integration, product research and development, system maintenance,
            and other related services from time to time in accordance with the PRC Laws. The OPCO Group shall
            pay, on a quarterly basis, to Falcon Network Technology a service fee that is set by Falcon Network
            Technology and stated in the invoice issued by Falcon Network Technology to the OPCO Group having
            taking into account the workload and commercial value of the services provided by Falcon Network
            Technology to the OPCO Group, and the service fee shall be equivalent to all profits generated by the
            OPCO Group, after deducting relevant costs, expenses, and taxes, and subject to adjustment by Falcon
            Network Technology. The Group received service fee amounting to HK$472,581,000 from the OPCO
            Group during the year ended 31 December 2023. After deducting all costs and expenses including the
            aforesaid service fee paid, the net profit of OPCO and the OPCO Group for the year ended 31 December
            2023 amounted to HK$54,759,000 and HK$52,688,000 respectively, and such profit has been
            retained in the OPCO Group to facilitate its future development. No dividends or other distributions
            have been made by the OPCO Group to the PRC Equity Owners which are not otherwise subsequently
            assigned or transferred to the Group. Further details of the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement
            are set out in the VIE Announcement and the section “VIE Structure” below.


      The Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with
      Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


      All the related parties transactions set out in note 46 to the financial statements (except for the transactions
      with joint ventures and associates of the Group, addition of right-of-use assets, deprecation of right-of-use
      assets, interest expense on lease liabilities and transactions with certain affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings
      and TCL Technology and/or companies controlled by TCL Technology included in note 46 to the financial
      statements) constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter
      14A of the Listing Rules, and the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with
      Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


      The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed that the above-mentioned continuing connected
      transactions, and confirmed that such continuing connected transactions were entered into: (i) in the ordinary
      and usual course of the Group’s business; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) in accordance
      with the terms of the respective agreements governing such transactions on terms that were fair and
      reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   127

                                                                                Report of the Directors




The Company’s auditor, Messrs. Ernst & Young, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected
transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with reference to Practice
Note 740 Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Listing Rules issued by the
HKICPA. Messrs. Ernst & Young have issued their unqualified letter containing their findings and conclusions
in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule
14A.56 of the Listing Rules. Messrs. Ernst & Young have confirmed in the letter to the Board that, with
respect to the aforesaid continuing connected transactions carried out during the year ended 31 December
2023, (i) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing
connected transactions have not been approved by the Board; (ii) for transactions involving the provision of
goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the
continuing connected transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies
of the Group; (iii) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the transactions
were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
transactions; and (iv) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that such continuing
connected transactions have exceeded the annual caps as set by the Company.


VIE Structure
Reference is made to the VIE Announcement. Unless otherwise defined, all capitalised terms and
abbreviations under this section shall have the same meanings as those defined in the VIE Announcement.


On 23 July 2019, Falcon Network Technology entered into the VIE Agreements with the OPCO and/or the PRC
Equity Owners and/or their spouses. Through the VIE Agreements, Falcon Network Technology has effective
control over the finance and operation of the OPCO and enjoys the entire economic interests and benefits
generated by the OPCO. Upon the entering into of the VIE Agreements, the financial results of the OPCO have
been consolidated into the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the OPCO has become an
indirect subsidiary of the Company. The Company has applied for, and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange has
granted, a waiver pursuant to Rule 14A.102 of the Listing Rules from (i) setting a fixed term for each of the
VIE Agreements pursuant to Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, and (ii) setting a maximum aggregate annual
cap pursuant to Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules for the services fees payable by the OPCO to Falcon Network
Technology under the Exclusive Business Co-operation Agreement.
128   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      Particulars of the OPCO and Major Terms of the VIE Agreements
      For the particulars of the OPCO, as well as a summary of the major terms of the VIE Agreements, please
      refer to the VIE Announcement. The OPCO did not have any subsidiary when the VIE Agreements were entered
      into. In order to make it clear that the provisions in the VIE Agreements that are applicable to the OPCO are
      equally applicable to any subsidiary of the OPCO so as to better protect the interest of the Company in the
      OPCO and its subsidiaries from time to time (collectively the “OPCO Group”), and to ensure that the Company
      (through Falcon Network Technology) will have effective control over the finance and operation of the OPCO
      Group and enjoy the entire economic interests and benefits generated by the OPCO Group, on 20 January
      2022, a supplemental agreement has been entered into between Falcon Network Technology and the OPCO,
      pursuant to which the provisions of the VIE Agreement are confined to be equally applicable to the entire
      OPCO Group. Save as aforementioned, for the year ended 31 December 2023, there was no material change
      in the particulars of the OPCO, the VIE Structure and/or the circumstances under which they were adopted,
      and none of the VIE Agreements has been unwound as none of the restrictions that led to the adoption of the
      VIE Structure has been removed.


      The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the VIE Agreements (including the aforementioned
      supplemental agreement) and confirmed for the year ended 31 December 2023 that: (i) the transactions
      carried out during the year have been entered into in accordance with the relevant provisions of the VIE
      Agreements and have been operated so that the profit generated by the OPCO Group has been substantially
      retained by the Group; (ii) no dividends or other distributions have been made by the OPCO Group to the PRC
      Equity Owners which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group; and (iii) any new
      contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced between the Group and the OPCO during the relevant financial
      period are fair and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far as the Group is concerned,
      and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole. To this extent, no new VIE agreements or contractual
      arrangements were entered into between the Group and the OPCO during the year ended 31 December 2023.


      The Company’s auditor has carried out review procedures for the year ended 31 December 2023 on the
      transactions carried out pursuant to the VIE Agreements (including the aforementioned supplemental
      agreement) and has confirmed that the transactions have received the approval of the Directors and have
      been entered into in accordance with the relevant VIE Agreements and that no dividends or other distributions
      have been made by the OPCO Group to the PRC Equity Owners which are not otherwise subsequently assigned
      or transferred to the Group.


      Whilst the operations of the OPCO Group in aggregate are not considered to be material to the Group as at 31
      December 2023, for the purpose of good corporate governance, the information regarding the OPCO Group for
      the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out below:
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   129

                                                                                Report of the Directors




Financial Information, Business Activities of the OPCO and Their
Significance to the Group
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the major business activities of the OPCO Group were to conduct
valued-added telecommunications business and internet cultural business in the PRC (i.e. the Subject
Business). As at 31 December 2023, the registered owners of the OPCO were Mr. WANG Hao and Ms.
ZHU Xiaojiang, and each of them respectively owned 50% equity interests of the OPCO. The OPCO Group’s
significance to the Group is that it holds relevant licences to provide valued-added telecommunications
business and internet cultural business in the PRC. The revenue of the OPCO Group amounted to
approximately HK$1,412,897,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023, whilst the net asset value of the
OPCO Group was approximately HK$113,908,000 as at 31 December 2023.


Reasons for Adopting the VIE Structure
The primary purpose for the Group to adopt the VIE Structure was to enable the Group to engage in the
value-added telecommunications business and internet cultural business in the PRC, thereby deepening the
Group’s reach to those business segments as well as widening the Group’s customer base. Nevertheless,
pursuant to various laws and regulations of the PRC currently in force, the value-added telecommunications
business and internet cultural business operated by the OPCO Group are regarded as restricted foreign
investment businesses. As a foreign owned enterprise, Falcon Network Technology is not entitled to
obtain licences to provide value-added telecommunications business and internet cultural business in the
PRC. In order to comply with the PRC laws, the VIE Agreements were entered into among Falcon Network
Technology, the OPCO, and the PRC Equity Owners. Through the VIE Agreements (including the aforementioned
supplemental agreement), Falcon Network Technology will have effective control over the finance and
operation of the OPCO Group and will enjoy the entire economic interests and benefits generated by the OPCO
Group despite the lack of registered equity ownership.


Risk Factors and Mitigation Actions in Relation to the VIE Structure
The risk factors and mitigation actions in relation to the VIE Structure are summarised below. Please also
refer to the VIE Announcement for more details.


As the primary beneficiary of the OPCO Group, the Group will bear economic risks which may arise from
difficulties in the operation of their businesses. Falcon Network Technology will have to provide financial
support in the event of financial difficulty of the OPCO Group. Under these circumstances, the Group’s
financial results and financial position may be adversely affected by the worsening financial performance of
the OPCO Group and the need to provide financial support to the OPCO Group. Since the Group conducts
business through the OPCO Group and the financial results of the OPCO Group are consolidated into the
financial statements of the Group, any losses suffered by the OPCO Group would be reflected in the Group’s
consolidated financial statements and the Group’s consolidated financial position such as the consolidated
earnings and profits will be adversely affected.
130   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      Moreover, there is no assurance that the VIE Agreements could comply with future changes in the regulatory
      requirements in the PRC and the PRC government may determine that the VIE Agreements do not comply
      with applicable regulations. The VIE Agreements may also not be as effective as direct ownership in providing
      control over the OPCO Group, especially in the event there was conflict of interests between the Group and
      the PRC Equity Owners. There may be limitations in acquiring ownership in the equity interests of the OPCO
      Group by the Group.


      Further, certain terms of the VIE Agreements may not be enforceable under the PRC laws. The PRC
      government may determine that the VIE Agreements do not comply with the applicable regulations. The VIE
      Agreements may also be subject to scrutiny of the PRC tax authorities and additional tax may be imposed.
      Up to 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any insurance which covers the risks relating to the VIE
      Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereunder.


      In order to mitigate the aforementioned risks, as well as to safeguarding the assets of the OPCO Group, the
      VIE Agreements provided that the PRC Equity Owners shall not sell, transfer, mortgage, or otherwise dispose
      of any of their interests in the OPCO Group or be allowed to create any encumbrances on them without the
      prior written consent of Falcon Network Technology. Moreover, Falcon Network Technology has the right to
      request for the OPCO Group’s financial information to ascertain its consolidated profit before tax from time to
      time.


      In addition, as internal control measures, Falcon Network Technology is involved in assessing material
      financial matters as well as making corporate strategy, business plan, and budgets of the OPCO Group.
      OPCO's senior management and relevant officers may be appointed under Falcon Network Technology's
      recommendations and such senior management and relevant officers will have the physical possession of all
      of the OPCO's common seals, company chops and books and records.


      The adoption of the VIE Structure was not related to any requirements other than the foreign ownership
      restriction in the PRC. As at 31 December 2023, as advised by the PRC legal advisers to the Company, the
      VIE Structure did not contravene the prevailing laws and regulations in the PRC and the VIE Agreements
      were binding on each of the contracting party save as disclosed in the VIE Announcement. The Company will
      monitor the relevant PRC laws and regulations relevant to the VIE Structure and will take all necessary actions
      to protect the Company’s interest in the OPCO Group.
                                                             TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   131

                                                                                    Report of the Directors




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Details of the Group’s corporate governance practices can be found in the Corporate Governance Report
contained on pages 52 to 87 in this annual report.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
OF THE COMPANY
The Company has adopted a model code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors on terms
no less exacting than the required standard as set out in the Model Code. Specific enquiries have been made
with all Directors and all of them have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out
in the Model Code and the Company’s code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions during the
year ended 31 December 2023.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, at
least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public as at 19 April 2024, the latest
practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has an audit committee for the purposes of reviewing and providing supervision over the
Group’s financial reporting process and internal controls.


AUDITOR
Ernst & Young will retire and, being eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment as auditor of the Company at
the forthcoming AGM.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Other than the Share Option Schemes and the Share Award Schemes as disclosed above and in note 37 to
the financial statements respectively and the grant letters issued pursuant to the schemes, no equity-linked
agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares or that require the Company to enter into
any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares were entered into by the Company
during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.
132   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Report of the Directors




      PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
      The Articles provides that the Directors shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company from and
      against all losses or liabilities which they incur or sustain as a Director in defending any proceedings, whether
      civil or criminal, in which judgement is given in his/her favour, or in which he/she is acquitted.


      The Company has taken out and maintained Directors' liability insurance which provides aforesaid indemnities
      with appropriate cover for the Directors and directors of the subsidiaries of the Company. The permitted
      indemnity provisions (within the meaning under section 469 of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance) contained in
      the Articles and the Directors' liability insurance were in force during the financial year ended 31 December
      2023 and as at the date of this annual report.




      ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
      DU Juan
      Chairperson


      Hong Kong
      28 March 2024
                                                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   133

                                                                             Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of TCL Electronics Holdings Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of TCL Electronics Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 139 to 313, which comprise the consolidated statement
of financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of
cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material
accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
(“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been
properly prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how
our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
134   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Independent Auditor’s Report




      We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
      financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit
      included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material
      misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including
      the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
      accompanying consolidated financial statements.


        Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter
        Impairment of goodwill
        As at 31 December 2023, the Group had goodwill            Our audit procedures included the following:
        of HK$3,193,639,000, representing approximately
        28% of the total non-current assets of the Group.         • Evaluating the methodologies, assumptions and
                                                                    parameters used by management, in particular
        The determination of the recoverable amount,                those relating to the budgeted revenue/gross
        being the higher of fair value less costs of                margins, growth rates and pre-tax discount
        disposal and value-in-use, requires judgement on            rates, by comparing the cash flow forecast to
        the part of management in both identifying and              historical trend analyses and referring to the
        then valuing the relevant cash-generating unit              industry discount rate;
        (“CGU”). Recoverable amounts were based on
        management’s estimates of variables such as               • Assessing the historical results of
        budgeted revenue/gross margins, growth rates and            management’s estimates and evaluation of
        the most appropriate discount rates.                        business plans by referring to the market
                                                                    situation as at 31 December 2023;
        The accounting policies and disclosures in respect
        of goodwill are included in notes 2.4, 3 and 17 to        • Evaluating the sensitivity analysis performed by
        the Group’s consolidated financial statements.              management in respect of the growth rates and
                                                                    pre-tax discount rates to assess the extent of
                                                                    impact on the calculation of the value-in-use;

                                                                  • Involving our internal valuation expert to assist
                                                                    us with our assessment of the methodology
                                                                    and the discount rates used to determine the
                                                                    recoverable amounts; and

                                                                  • Assessing the disclosures made in the Group’s
                                                                    consolidated financial statements.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   135

                                                                       Independent Auditor’s Report




Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Impairment assessment of trade and other receivables

As at 31 December 2023, the Group had                  In evaluating management’s impairment
                                                       assessment, our audit procedures included the
trade receivables and other receivables of
                                                       following:
HK$15,547,888,000 and HK$7,154,435,000,
respectively, representing approximately 29%           • Obtaining an understanding of evaluating and
and 13% of the current assets of the Group,              testing management’s key controls in relation
                                                         to the assessment of the expected credit
respectively.
                                                         losses of receivables;

Management develops expected credit loss (“ECL”)       • Obtaining an understanding of key data and
models to assess the impairment allowance for            assumptions of the expected credit loss model
                                                         adopted by management, including the basis
trade and other receivables at the end of each
                                                         of segmentation of receivables based on
reporting period. The ECL model of trade and other       credit loss characteristics, the ageing profile,
receivables involves judgement and subjective            historical default data, assumptions involved
estimations such as the staging, groupings of the        in management’s estimated loss rate and
                                                         whether there has been any significant increase
debtor segments and estimated loss rates.
                                                         in credit risk since initial recognition for other
                                                         receivables;
The accounting policies and disclosures in respect
of trade and other receivables are included in         • Assessing the estimated credit loss rates
                                                         by considering historical cash collection and
notes 2.4, 3, 23, 26 and 48 to the Group’s
                                                         movements of the ageing of receivables, the
consolidated financial statements.                       market conditions and forward-looking factors;

                                                       • Testing on a sample basis, the accuracy of
                                                         ageing analysis of receivables prepared by
                                                         management;

                                                       • Examining on a sample basis, the subsequent
                                                         settlement of the receivables to cash receipts
                                                         and the related supporting documentation; and

                                                       • Assessing the disclosures made in the Group’s
                                                         consolidated financial statements.
136   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Independent Auditor’s Report




      Other information included in the Annual Report
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
      information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
      report thereon.


      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
      information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
      consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
      misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of
      this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


      Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
      that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
      consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for
      assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
      going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either
      intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


      The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
      overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


      Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
      statements
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
      a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
      that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of
      the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
      accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
      accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
      from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
      expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
      statements.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    137

                                                                         Independent Auditor’s Report




As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
      whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
      obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of
      not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
      as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
      internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
      that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
      effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
      estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
      based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
      conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
      conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
      the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
      to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
      auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
      going concern.


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
      including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
      transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
      business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
      We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
      responsible for our audit opinion.
138   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Independent Auditor’s Report




      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
      the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
      during our audit.


      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
      requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
      may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
      threats or safeguards applied.


      From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
      significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
      key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
      disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
      be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
      to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Law Kwok Kee.




      Ernst & Young
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong
      28 March 2024
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   139

               Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                     Notes         HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                                   (Restated)


REVENUE                                                                5        78,986,064       71,351,415


Cost of sales                                                                  (64,230,369)     (58,239,832)


Gross profit                                                                    14,755,695       13,111,583


Other income and gains                                                 5          1,809,376       3,140,951
Selling and distribution expenses                                                (7,899,579)      (7,401,415)
Administrative expenses                                                          (4,012,973)      (4,428,643)
Research and development costs                                                   (2,326,980)      (2,531,283)
Other operating expenses                                                           (243,614)        (385,315)
Impairment losses on financial and contract assets, net                            (138,731)         (91,520)


                                                                                  1,943,194       1,414,358
Finance costs                                                          6           (885,497)        (668,671)
Share of profits and losses of:
  Joint ventures                                                                     (2,220)          26,784
  Associates                                                                         92,707           63,057


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                      7          1,148,184         835,528


Income tax                                                            11           (321,375)        (281,694)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                                 826,809         553,834
140   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

      Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                            2023          2022
                                                                         HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                                                      (Restated)


       OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
       Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be reclassified to
         profit or loss in subsequent periods:
         Cash flow hedge:
           Effective portion of changes in fair value of
              the hedging instruments arising during the year             89,493        31,604
           Reclassification adjustments for gains included in
              the consolidated statement of profit or loss               (110,228)      (40,345)
           Income tax effect                                                2,855        (1,456)


                                                                          (17,880)      (10,197)


         Exchange differences:
           Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations     (105,490)   (1,756,071)
           Reclassification adjustments for foreign operations
             disposed of or liquidated during the year                       (930)       (2,786)
           Reclassification adjustments for associates deemed partial
             disposed, disposed of or liquidated during the year            3,496          (234)


                                                                         (102,924)   (1,759,091)


         Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
           income:
           Changes in fair value, net of income tax                        (2,547)          642
         Share of other comprehensive loss of
           associates and a joint venture                                    (413)            –


       Net other comprehensive loss that may be reclassified to
         profit or loss in subsequent periods                            (123,764)   (1,768,646)


       Other comprehensive income/(loss) that will not be reclassified
         to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
         Equity investments designated at fair value through other
           comprehensive income:
           Changes in fair value, net of income tax                       24,247        31,478
         Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of associates
           and a joint venture                                             (1,493)      42,673
         Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations             (1,052)         824


       Net other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
         profit or loss in subsequent periods                             21,702        74,975
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   141

              Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                   Note          HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                                 (Restated)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                (102,062)      (1,693,671)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                    724,747       (1,139,837)


Profit for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                            743,633         446,975
  Non-controlling interests                                                        83,176         106,859


                                                                                  826,809         553,834


Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                            606,798       (1,229,187)
  Non-controlling interests                                                       117,949           89,350


                                                                                  724,747       (1,139,837)


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
  HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                                             13


  Basic                                                                     HK30.65 cents    HK18.53 cents


  Diluted                                                                   HK30.01 cents    HK17.87 cents
142   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

      31 December 2023




                                                                   31 December   31 December      1 January
                                                          Notes          2023          2022          2022
                                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                                                   (Restated)    (Restated)


       NON-CURRENT ASSETS
       Property, plant and equipment                       14        2,384,306     2,738,647     3,061,005
       Investment properties                               15          544,530       545,800       569,177
       Right-of-use assets                                16(a)        846,034       992,237     1,079,530
       Goodwill                                            17        3,193,639     3,195,180     3,322,316
       Other intangible assets                             18        1,377,238     1,206,929     1,311,484
       Investments in joint ventures                       19          101,223       110,458        80,852
       Investments in associates                           20        1,252,557     1,558,882     1,600,929
       Equity investments designated at fair value
         through other comprehensive income                   21      323,592       200,433       141,356
       Deferred tax assets                                    35      490,690       429,644       340,520
       Other deferred assets                                          749,247       567,197       179,210
       Derivative financial instruments                       31        1,071             –             –

       Total non-current assets                                     11,264,127    11,545,407    11,686,379

       CURRENT ASSETS
       Inventories                                            22    12,211,524     9,837,314    13,555,596
       Trade receivables                                      23    15,547,888    10,935,081    11,697,726
       Bills receivable                                       24     3,458,107     2,219,329     1,901,694
       Contract assets                                        25       147,702             –             –
       Prepayments, other receivables and other assets        26    10,143,709     9,019,669     6,901,965
       Tax recoverable                                                  78,378       191,904       122,154
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or
         loss                                                 27       943,102     1,266,076     1,342,088
       Derivative financial instruments                       31       187,604       579,984       240,587
       Restricted cash and pledged deposits                   28        57,432       119,555       576,758
       Cash and cash equivalents                              28    10,736,877     9,390,941    11,509,166

                                                                    53,512,323    43,559,853    47,847,734
       Assets classified as held for sale                     10             –         3,681         3,952

       Total current assets                                         53,512,323    43,563,534    47,851,686

       CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Trade payables                                         29    19,115,674    14,086,945    15,826,244
       Bills payable                                                 4,892,498     4,859,890     3,599,248
       Other payables and accruals                         30       15,108,788    11,525,218    12,743,589
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings          33        4,922,828     4,433,624     6,387,292
       Lease liabilities                                  16(b)        163,836       153,915       140,820
       Tax payable                                                     183,295       175,716       116,231
       Financial liabilities associated with put option       32             –       160,667       121,370
       Derivative financial instruments                       31        96,518       134,214        34,782
       Provisions                                             34     1,052,159     1,007,542       971,448

       Total current liabilities                                    45,535,596    36,537,731    39,941,024
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   143

                                                    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                                                                               31 December 2023




                                                              31 December      31 December          1 January
                                                    Notes             2023             2022             2022
                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                                  (Restated)        (Restated)


 NET CURRENT ASSETS                                               7,976,727       7,025,803        7,910,662


 TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                           19,240,854     18,571,210        19,597,041


 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings          33            888,826        1,029,459          492,825
 Lease liabilities                                  16(b)          243,480          255,826          319,684
 Deferred tax liabilities                            35            340,361          327,928          342,039
 Other long-term payables                                           52,986           76,896           48,715
 Other non-current liabilities                                     140,114                 –                –
 Financial liabilities associated with put option    32            269,001                 –                –
 Derivative financial instruments                                         –                –          17,579


 Total non-current liabilities                                    1,934,768       1,690,109        1,220,842


 Net assets                                                      17,306,086     16,881,101        18,376,199


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent
 Issued capital                                      36           2,507,569       2,499,780        2,479,959
 Reserves                                            38          14,200,085     13,963,889        15,481,377


                                                                 16,707,654     16,463,669        17,961,336


 Non-controlling interests                                         598,432          417,432          414,863


 Total equity                                                    17,306,086     16,881,101        18,376,199




DU Juan                                               PENG Pan
Director                                              Director
144   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

      Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                                                                    Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                Cash                                              Shares
                                                                         Share       Share                                       flow Exchange                  Put              held for Awarded            Fair                              Non-
                                                           Issued     premium       option Capital Reserve                     hedge fluctuation             option      Other the Award        share       value   Retained             controlling       Total
                                                           capital     account reserve reserve                   funds reserve reserve reserve reserve Scheme reserve                                     reserve     profits      Total interests        equity
                                                         HK$’000      HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000                                                    HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000         HK$’000
                                                        (Note 36)    (Note 36) (Note 38(i)) (Note 38(ii)) (Note 38(iii)) (Note 38(v))                                          (Note 37) (Note 38(iv))
          At 31 December 2022                           2,499,780 4,521,954         52,572      432,305       987,463        (9,331) (723,068) (110,584)           164,159      (237,094)     237,379     51,153 8,593,540 16,460,228       417,428 16,877,656
          Effect of adoption of amendments to
            HKAS 12 (note 2.2)                                  –           –             –            –            –             –            –            –             –            –             –          –     3,441        3,441           4       3,445

          At 1 January 2023 (restated)                   2,499,780 4,521,954        52,572      432,305       987,463        (9,331) (723,068) (110,584)           164,159      (237,094)     237,379     51,153 8,596,981 16,463,669       417,432 16,881,101
          Profit for the year                                    –         –             –            –             –             –         –         –                  –             –            –          – 743,633 743,633             83,176 826,809
          Other comprehensive income/(loss) for
            the year:
            Cash flow hedge                                      –         –              –            –            –      (17,374)            –            –             –            –             –          –          –     (17,374)      (506)     (17,880)
            Exchange differences related to
               translation of foreign operations                 –         –              –            –            –             –     (140,769)           –             –            –             –          –          –    (140,769)    35,279     (105,490)
            Reclassification of exchange differences for
               subsidiaries disposed of or liquidated            –         –              –            –            –             –         (930)           –             –            –             –          –          –        (930)          –        (930)
            Reclassification of exchange differences for
               associates deemed partial disposal, or
               disposed of                                       –         –              –            –            –             –        3,496            –             –            –             –          –          –       3,496           –       3,496
            Change in fair value of financial assets at
               fair value through other comprehensive
               income, net of tax                                –         –              –            –            –             –            –            –             –            –             –    (2,547)          –      (2,547)          –      (2,547)
            Change in fair value of equity investments
               designated at fair value through other
               comprehensive income, net of tax                  –         –              –            –            –             –            –            –             –            –             –    24,247           –      24,247           –      24,247
            Share of other comprehensive income of
               associates and a joint venture                    –         –              –            –            –             –            –            –        (1,906)           –             –          –          –      (1,906)          –      (1,906)
            Remeasurements of post-employment
               benefit obligations                               –         –              –            –            –             –            –            –        (1,052)           –             –          –          –      (1,052)          –      (1,052)
          Total comprehensive income/(loss)
            for the year                                        –           –             –            –            –      (17,374) (138,203)               –        (2,958)           –             –    21,700    743,633     606,798     117,949     724,747
          Capital injection from non-controlling
            shareholders                                        –           –             –       (3,014)           –             –            –            –             –            –             –          –          –      (3,014)    64,945      61,931
          Capital injection in a subsidiary from
            a non-wholly-owned entity                           –           –             –        1,894            –             –            –            –             –            –             –          –          –       1,894      (1,894)          –
          Share of capital reserves of associates               –           –             –       24,867            –             –            –            –             –            –             –          –          –      24,867           –      24,867
          Disposal of associates                                –           –             –      (12,652)           –             –            –            –             –            –             –          –          –     (12,652)          –     (12,652)
          Issue of shares upon exercise of
            share options (note 36)                            57         240          (83)            –            –             –            –            –             –            –             –          –         –         214            –        214
          Forfeiture of share options during the year           –           –       (6,255)            –            –             –            –            –             –            –             –          –     6,255           –            –          –
          Issue of shares under the 2008 Share Award
            Scheme (note 37)                               7,732            –             –            –            –             –            –            –             –       (7,732)            –          –          –           –           –           –
          Employee share-based compensation benefits
            under the 2008 Share Award Scheme
            (note 37)                                           –           –             –            –            –             –            –            –             –            –       83,636           –          –     83,636            –     83,636
          Vesting of shares under the 2008 Share
            Award Scheme                                        –           –             –            –            –             –            –            –             –       54,691     (104,716)          –          –     (50,025)          –     (50,025)
          Reclassification of gain previously in
            other reserve related to disposal of
            associates                                          –           –             –            –            –             –            –            –        (9,454)           –             –          –     9,454            –           –           –
          Expired of put option over non-controlling
            interests of a subsidiary                           –           –             –            –            –             –            –      170,739             –            –             –          –          –     170,739           –     170,739
          2022 final dividend paid                              –    (309,471)            –            –            –             –            –            –             –            –             –          –          –    (309,471)          –    (309,471)
          Grant of put option over non-controlling
            interests of a subsidiary                           –           –             –            –            –             –            –     (269,001)            –            –             –          –          – (269,001)             –    (269,001)
          Transfer from retained profits                        –           –             –            –       40,986             –            –            –             –            –             –          –    (40,986)       –              –           –
          At 31 December 2023                           2,507,569 4,212,723*        46,234* 443,400* 1,028,449* (26,705)* (861,271)* (208,846)* 151,747* (190,135)* 216,299*                              72,853* 9,315,337* 16,707,654     598,432 17,306,086

      *                These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of HK$14,200,085,000 (2022: HK$13,963,889,000
                       (restated)) in the consolidated statement of financial position.
                                                                                                                                   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                                      145

                                                                                                                       Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                                                         Shares
                                                               Share      Share                                  Cash flow Exchange                                     held for Awarded                                                 Non-
                                                 Issued     premium       option       Capital Reserve               hedge fluctuation Put option               Other the Award        share     Fair value   Retained             controlling        Total
                                                 capital     account reserve reserve                   funds reserve reserve reserve                          reserve Scheme reserve               reserve      profits      Total interests         equity
                                               HK$’000      HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000                                          HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000              HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000          HK$’000
                                              (Note 36)    (Note 36) (Note 38(i)) (Note 38(ii)) (Note 38(iii)) (Note 38(v))                                           (Note 37) (Note 38(iv))

At 31 December 2021                           2,479,959 4,906,432        67,984      344,750      948,382        1,417 1,017,963           (110,584)         120,662    (246,965)    232,227       19,033 8,176,603 17,957,863        414,801 18,372,664
Effect of adoption of amendments to
  HKAS 12 (note 2.2)                                  –           –            –            –            –            –              –              –              –           –            –            –      3,473       3,473          62        3,535

At 1 January 2022 (restated)                   2,479,959 4,906,432       67,984      344,750      948,382        1,417 1,017,963           (110,584)         120,662    (246,965)    232,227       19,033 8,180,076 17,961,336        414,863 18,376,199
Profit for the year (restated)                         –         –            –            –            –            –         –                  –                –           –           –            – 446,975 446,975             106,859 553,834
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for
  the year:
  Cash flow hedge                                      –         –             –            –            –      (10,748)             –              –              –           –            –            –           –     (10,748)       551      (10,197)
  Exchange differences related to
     translation of foreign operations                 –         –             –            –            –            – (1,738,008)                 –              –           –            –            –           – (1,738,008)     (18,063) (1,756,071)
  Reclassification of exchange differences for
     subsidiaries disposed of or liquidated            –         –             –            –            –            –        (2,789)              –              –           –            –            –           –      (2,789)         3       (2,786)
  Reclassification of exchange differences
     for associates deemed partial disposal,
     disposed of or liquidated                         –         –             –            –            –            –          (234)              –              –           –            –            –           –        (234)          –        (234)
  Change in fair value of financial assets at
     fair value through other comprehensive
     income, net of tax                                –         –             –            –            –            –              –              –              –           –            –         642            –        642            –         642
  Change in fair value of equity investments
     designated at fair value through other
     comprehensive income, net of tax                  –         –             –            –            –            –              –              –              –           –            –      31,478            –     31,478            –      31,478
  Share of other comprehensive income of
     associates and a joint venture                    –         –             –            –            –            –              –              –         42,673           –            –            –           –     42,673            –      42,673
  Remeasurements of post-employment
     benefit obligations                               –         –             –            –            –            –              –              –            824           –            –            –           –        824            –         824

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the
  year (restated)                                     –           –           –            –             –      (10,748) (1,741,031)                –         43,497           –            –      32,120     446,975 (1,229,187)       89,350 (1,139,837)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests              –           –           –       85,172             –            –           –                 –              –           –            –           –           – 85,172           (85,172)         –
Liquidation of a subsidiary                           –           –           –            –             –            –           –                 –              –           –            –           –          (3)        (3)       (1,609) (1,612)
Equity – settled share option arrangements            –           –          91            –             –            –           –                 –              –           –            –           –           –         91             –         91
Issue of shares upon exercise of
  share options (note 36)                        4,323      19,340        (6,489)           –            –            –              –              –              –           –            –            –          –      17,174            –      17,174
Forfeiture of share options during the year          –           –        (9,014)           –            –            –              –              –              –           –            –            –      9,014           –            –           –
Issue of shares under the 2008 Share Award
  Scheme (note 37)                              15,498            –            –            –            –            –              –              –              –     (15,498)           –            –           –           –           –            –
Employee share-based compensation benefits
  under the 2008 Share Award Scheme
  (note 37)                                           –           –            –            –            –            –              –              –              –           –     147,629             –           –    147,629            –     147,629
Vesting of shares under the 2008 Share
  Award Scheme                                        –           –            –            –            –            –              –              –              –      79,035     (142,477)           –           –     (63,442)          –     (63,442)
Purchase of shares for the 2008 Share
  Award Scheme                                        –           –            –           –            –             –              –              –              –     (53,666)           –            –          – (53,666)               –     (53,666)
2021 final dividend paid                              –    (403,818)           –           –            –             –              –              –              –           –            –            –          – (403,818)              –    (403,818)
Transfer reserve funds to retained profits            –           –            –           –           (5)            –              –              –              –           –            –            –          5        –               –           –
Transfer from retained profits                        –           –            –           –       39,086             –              –              –              –           –            –            –    (39,086)       –               –           –
Debt relief from shareholders                         –           –            –       2,383            –             –              –              –              –           –            –            –          –    2,383               –       2,383

At 31 December 2022 (restated)                2,499,780 4,521,954*       52,572* 432,305* 987,463*               (9,331)* (723,068)* (110,584)* 164,159* (237,094)* 237,379*                       51,153* 8,596,981* 16,463,669      417,432 16,881,101
146   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

      Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                     2023         2022
                                                                         Notes    HK$’000      HK$’000


        CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
        Profit before tax                                                        1,148,184     835,528
        Adjustments for:
          Finance costs                                                   6       885,497      668,671
          Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates             (90,487)     (89,841)
          Loss on liquidation of an associate                             7              –        1,174
          (Gain)/loss on disposal of associates                           7        (57,063)    298,071
          Deemed (gain)/loss on partial disposal of associates            7         (5,687)       9,329
          Deemed gain on partial acquisition of a joint venture           5,7            –       (7,749)
          (Gain)/loss on disposal of items of other intangible assets,
            net                                                           7         (2,344)        741
          Gain on disposal of items of right-of-use assets, net           5,7       (5,255)      (1,545)
          Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                5,7      (19,947)      (4,425)
          Gain on disposal of items of other deferred assets, net         5,7        (141)            –
          Gain on liquidation of subsidiaries                             5,7       (1,051)        (104)
          Interest income                                                 5,7    (794,171)     (631,002)
          Fair value losses/(gains) on derivative instruments –
            transactions not qualifying as hedges                         7       198,944      (176,344)
          Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                                        5,7      (25,072)           –
          Fair value losses/(gains) on call options and put options       7        47,177       (53,906)
          Realised losses/(gains) on settlement of financial assets at
            fair value through profit or loss                             7          1,684      (78,589)
          Loss/(gain) on expiration of call options                       7        48,885       (17,579)
          Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment,
            net                                                           7        20,968         1,898
          Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                   14      405,726      401,441
          Foreign exchange difference, net                                         (82,697)    131,374
          Impairment of items of other intangible assets                  18       21,927             –
          Impairment of items of property, plant and equipment            14         1,538            –
          Depreciation of investment properties                           15       14,749       14,078
          Depreciation of right-of-use assets                            16(a)    209,177      204,799
          Amortisation of other intangible assets                         18      540,620      622,922
          Amortisation of other deferred assets                           7        24,855       16,509
          Impairment of investment in associates                          7        32,884             –
          Equity-settled share option expenses                            7              –           91
          Employee share-based compensation benefits under
            the 2008 Share Award Scheme                                   7        83,636      147,629


        Cash inflow before working capital changes                               2,602,536    2,293,171
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   147

                                                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                  Note          HK$’000          HK$’000

(Increase)/decrease in inventories                                            (2,331,005)       3,255,457
(Increase)/decrease in trade receivables                                      (4,457,993)         451,560
Increase in bills receivable                                                  (1,276,762)        (475,150)
Increase in contract assets                                                     (148,639)               –
Increase in other deferred assets                                                 (5,673)        (117,759)
Decrease in pledged time deposits                                                 59,352          441,788
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                     (774,688)      (2,382,736)
Increase/(decrease) in trade payables                                          5,412,632         (968,442)
Increase in bills payable                                                        105,662        1,628,901
Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals                             3,212,862       (2,051,697)
Increase in provisions                                                            37,649           69,391
(Decrease)/increase in other long-term payables                                  (27,483)          24,685
Increase in other non-current liabilities                                        136,433                –


Cash generated from operations                                                 2,544,883       2,169,169
Interest paid                                                                   (561,675)       (367,043)
Interest element of lease payments                                               (17,024)        (18,041)
Income taxes paid                                                               (362,857)       (419,082)


Net cash flows from operating activities                                       1,603,327       1,365,003


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Interest received                                                                758,294          629,881
Dividends received                                                                34,637           24,209
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                             (209,132)        (447,101)
Prepayment of right-of-use assets                                                 (1,510)         (22,898)
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and
  equipment                                                                       39,139           50,721
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss, net                                                    329,974           22,944
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                            –          (65,973)
Contribution from liquidation of an associate                                          –            1,589
Investments in associates                                                              –           (3,935)
Capital withdrawals from associates                                               11,390           26,130
Disposal of subsidiaries                                           42            135,200          (21,429)
Proceeds from disposal of associates                                             158,645                –
Additions of other intangible assets                                            (364,826)        (489,101)
Disposal of other intangible assets                                               10,132            4,759
Additions of other deferred assets                                              (460,549)        (233,139)
Decrease in pledged time deposits                                                  2,357           15,227
Disposal/(purchase) of an equity investment designated
  at fair value through other comprehensive income                                 9,134          (22,007)
Advance to related parties of TCL Industries Holdings                           (431,271)        (241,446)


Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities                                21,614         (771,569)
148   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

      Year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                    2023           2022
                                                                       Note      HK$’000        HK$’000


        CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
        Proceeds from issue of shares upon exercise of share options                 214         17,174
        Interest paid                                                           (279,074)       (228,368)
        Principal portion of lease payments                                     (187,896)       (167,312)
        Purchase of shares for the 2008 Award Scheme                                    –        (53,666)
        New bank and other loans                                              10,502,906     14,055,822
        Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                        –        (58,613)
        Repayment of bank and other loans                                     (10,025,932)   (15,384,907)
        Capital injection from a non-controlling interest                         61,931               –
        Dividends paid                                                          (318,464)       (416,741)
        Decrease in restricted cash                                                     –           290


        Net cash flows used in financing activities                             (246,315)     (2,236,321)


        NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                   1,378,626      (1,642,887)
        Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                     9,390,941     11,509,166
        Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                              (32,690)      (475,338)


        CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                              10,736,877      9,390,941


        ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
        Cash and bank balances                                         28     10,794,309      9,510,496
        Less: Restricted cash and pledged deposits                     28         (57,432)      (119,555)


        Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated
          statement of financial position and the consolidated
          statement of cash flows                                             10,736,877      9,390,941
                                                               TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023           149

                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                      31 December 2023




1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
   TCL Electronics Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in the
   Cayman Islands. The registered address of the Company is P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand
   Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. The principal place of business of the Company is located at 5th
   Floor, Building 22E, 22 Science Park East Avenue, Hong Kong Science Park, Shatin, New Territories,
   Hong Kong.


   During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) were mainly
   involved in the manufacture and sale of television (“TV”) sets, smartphones, smart connective devices,
   smart commercial display and smart home products, photovoltaic equipment and the provision of
   internet platform operating services.


   In the opinion of the directors of the Company, T.C.L. Industries Holdings (H.K.) Limited (“T.C.L.
   Industries (H.K.)”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong, is the immediate holding company of
   the Company. In the first quarter of 2019, a restructuring occurred whereby TCL Technology Group
   Corporation (“TCL Technology”, formerly known as TCL Corporation) spun off and transferred, among
   others, all its equity interests in T.C.L Industries (H.K.) to TCL Industries Holdings Co., Limited (“TCL
   Industries Holdings”), a limited liability company registered in the People’s Republic of China (the
   “PRC”). Accordingly, the ultimate holding company of the Company has changed to TCL Industries
   Holdings following the completion of such restructuring. As the major shareholders of TCL Industries
   Holdings are the key management of TCL Technology, TCL Technology remained a related party of the
   Group.


   Information about subsidiaries
   Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:


                                              Place of
                                        incorporation/    Issued ordinary/       % of equity
                                           registration         registered      attributable to
    Name                                  and business       share capital      the Company             Principal activities
                                                                             Direct      Indirect


    TCL Commercial Information                   PRC/     RMB100,000,000         –             100   Trading of commercial
      Technology (Huizhou) Limited#   Chinese Mainland                                                     display products

    Guangzhou Kuyu Network                       PRC/     RMB100,000,000         –             100   Trading of TV products
      Technology Co., Ltd.#           Chinese Mainland

    TCL Smart Home Technologies             Hong Kong     RMB135,670,000         –             100   Trading of commercial
      Co., Limited                                                                                         display products
150   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
            Information about subsidiaries (continued)
            Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


                                                         Place of
                                                  incorporation/        Issued ordinary/       % of equity
                                                     registration             registered      attributable to
              Name                                  and business           share capital      the Company                Principal activities
                                                                                           Direct      Indirect


              Guangzhou Digital Rowa                       PRC/        RMB120,000,000          –              70                  Trading of
                Technology Co., Ltd.**/#        Chinese Mainland                                                                TV products

              Manufacturas Avanzadas,                      Mexico       USD15,866,637          –             100             Manufacture of
               S.A. de. C.V.                                                                                                   TV products

              TTE Corporation (“TTE”)                British Virgin         USD10,001        100                –         Investment holding
                                                 Islands (“BVI”)/
                                                       Hong Kong

              Shenzhen TCL New Technology                  PRC/          HK$10,000,000         –             100              Research and
                Co., Ltd**                      Chinese Mainland                                                     development (“R&D”) of
                                                                                                                               TV products

              TCL Smart Device (Vietnam)                 Vietnam VND256,080,000,000            –             100    Manufacture and sale of
                Company Limited                                                                                                TV products

              Huizhou TCL Electrical Appliances            PRC/       RMB2,430,000,000         –             100 Operation of a distribution
                Sales Co., Ltd.#                Chinese Mainland                                                        network in the PRC

              TCL Electronics (HK) Limited            Hong Kong          HK$30,000,000         –             100      Trading of TV products
                                                                                                                            and components

              TCL Electronics (Thailand) Co.,            Thailand       THB255,000,000         –             100      Trading of TV products
                Limited                                                                                              and related components

              TCL Holdings (BVI) Limited          BVI/Hong Kong             USD25,000        100                –         Investment holding

              TCL Belgium S.A.                            Belgium        EUR71,463,602         –             100          Investment holding
                                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023                151

                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                 31 December 2023




1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
   Information about subsidiaries (continued)
   Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


                                                  Place of
                                            incorporation/      Issued ordinary/       % of equity
                                               registration           registered      attributable to
    Name                                      and business         share capital      the Company                  Principal activities
                                                                                   Direct      Indirect


    TCL International Electronics (BVI)     BVI/Hong Kong                 USD1       100                –          Investment holding
      Limited

    TCL King Electrical Appliances                   PRC/       HK$95,000,000          –             100            Manufacture of TV
      (Chengdu) Company Limited**/#       Chinese Mainland                                                                  products

    TCL King Electrical Appliances                   PRC/     HK$1,291,604,481         –             100      Manufacture and sale of
      (Huizhou) Co., Ltd.                 Chinese Mainland                                                  TV products and trading of
      (“TCL King (Huizhou)”)**                                                                                            components

    TCL King Electrical Appliances              PRC/            HK$20,000,000          –             100            Manufacture of TV
      (Nanchang) Company Limited**/# Chinese Mainland                                                                       products

    TCL Overseas Holdings Limited           BVI/Hong Kong                 USD1         –             100           Investment holding

    TCL Overseas Marketing Limited          BVI/Hong Kong                 USD1         –             100 Trading of TV products and
                                                                                                                        components

    TTE Technology Inc.                               USA      USD129,433,108          –             100 Trading of TV products and
                                                                                                                        components

    TCL Operations Polska SP. Z O.O.                Poland     PLN126,716,500          –             100            Manufacture of TV
                                                                                                                            products

    TCL Optoelectronics Technology                   PRC/      RMB576,000,000        100                –     Manufacture and sale of
      (Huizhou) Co., Ltd.*/#              Chinese Mainland                                                  TV products and trading of
                                                                                                                          components
152   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
            Information about subsidiaries (continued)
            Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


                                                         Place of
                                                   incorporation/      Issued ordinary/       % of equity
                                                      registration           registered      attributable to
              Name                                   and business         share capital      the Company                  Principal activities
                                                                                          Direct      Indirect


              TCL Intelligent Technology (Ningbo)            PRC/      RMB62,500,000          –              80 Trading of TV products and
                Co., Ltd.#                        Chinese Mainland                                                  components and white
                                                                                                                                     goods

              TCL Communication Technology       Cayman Islands/     HK$1,278,984,118       100                –           Investment holding
                Holdings Limited                      Hong Kong

              Shenzhen Falcon Network                       PRC/      RMB121,621,629          –              82 R&D of software on smart
                Technology Co., Ltd. (“Falcon    Chinese Mainland                                                 TV devices and internet
                Network Technology”)**/#                                                                               platform operation

              Shenzhen Falcon Network Media                 PRC/       RMB15,000,000          –              82 R&D of software on smart
                Company Limited#                 Chinese Mainland                                                 TV devices and internet
                                                                                                                       platform operation

              TCL SEMP Indústria e Comércio                 Brazil    BRL558,007,261          –              75      Manufacture and sale of
                de Eletroeletrônicos S.A.                                                                             TV products and other
                (“TCL SEMP”)                                                                                            household products

              TCL Netherlands B.V.                    Netherlands         EUR500,000          –             100       Investment holding and
                                                                                                                   trading of TV products and
                                                                                                                       components and white
                                                                                                                                        goods

              TCT Mobile International Limited         Hong Kong        HK$5,000,000          –             100         Distribution of mobile
                                                                                                                   devices and other products
                                                                                                                    and rendering of services

              Huizhou TCL Mobile                            PRC/      USD229,733,227          –             100              Manufacture and
                Communication Co., Ltd.*         Chinese Mainland                                                       distribution of mobile
                                                                                                                     devices and rendering of
                                                                                                                                      services
                                                                  TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023               153

                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                             31 December 2023




1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
   Information about subsidiaries (continued)
   Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


                                               Place of
                                         incorporation/      Issued ordinary/       % of equity
                                            registration           registered      attributable to
       Name                                and business         share capital      the Company                 Principal activities
                                                                                Direct      Indirect


       TCL Mobile Communication (HK)         Hong Kong     HK$1,509,675,500         –             100       Distribution of mobile
         Company Limited                                                                                      devices and related
                                                                                                                      components

       TCL Digital Technology (Shenzhen)          PRC/       RMB49,966,904          –             100          Investment holding
         Company Limited (“TCL Digital Chinese Mainland
         Technology (Shenzhen)”)#

       Huizhou TCL Photovoltaic                   PRC/      RMB300,000,000          –             100 Sale of photovoltaic power
         Technology Co., Ltd.#         Chinese Mainland                                                      generating facilities

       Shaanxi TCL Photovoltaic                   PRC/       RMB60,000,000          –             100             Construction of
         Engineering Co., Ltd.#        Chinese Mainland                                                        photovoltaic power
                                                                                                                         stations

   *          Registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law
   **         Registered as sino-foreign equity joint ventures under PRC law
   #
              The English names of these companies are not official and are the direct translation from their Chinese
              names for identification purposes only.


   None of the above subsidiaries has debt securities.


   The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally
   affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of net assets of the Group or formed
   a material portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the
   opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.
154   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      2.1 Basis of preparation
            These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
            Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
            Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
            Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
            Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for derivative financial
            instruments and certain financial assets and equity investments which have been measured at fair
            value. Disposal groups held for sale are stated at the lower of their carrying amounts and fair values
            less costs to sell as further explained in note 2.4. These financial statements are presented in Hong
            Kong dollars (“HK$”) and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise
            indicated.


            Basis of consolidation
            The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
            subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2023. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured
            entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed,
            or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect
            those returns through its power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give the Group the current
            ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    155

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.1 Basis of preparation (continued)
    Basis of consolidation (continued)
    Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company
    has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant
    facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:


    (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


    (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


    (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


    The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the
    Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the
    date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such
    control ceases.


    Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of
    the parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling
    interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses
    and cash flows relating to the transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on
    consolidation.


    The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
    there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the
    ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.


    If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill) and
    liabilities, any non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve and recognises the fair
    value of any investment retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share
    of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss
    or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly
    disposed of the related assets or liabilities.
156   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
            The Group has adopted the following new and revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s
            financial statements.


            HKFRS 17                                   Insurance Contracts
            Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS             Disclosure of Accounting Policies
             Practice Statement 2
            Amendments to HKAS 8                       Definition of Accounting Estimates
            Amendments to HKAS 12                      Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                         Single Transaction
            Amendments to HKAS 12                      International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules

            The nature and the impact of the new and revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are
            described below:


            (a)    Amendments to HKAS 1 require entities to disclose their material accounting policy information
                   rather than their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if,
                   when considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements,
                   it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose
                   financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements. Amendments to HKFRS
                   Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements provide non-mandatory guidance on how to
                   apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. The Group has disclosed the
                   material accounting policy information in note 2.4 to the financial statements. The amendments
                   did not have any impact on the measurement, recognition or presentation of any items in the
                   Group’s financial statements.


            (b)    Amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and
                   changes in accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in
                   financial statements that are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify
                   how entities use measurement techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. Since
                   the Group’s approach and policy align with the amendments, the amendments had no impact on
                   the Group’s financial statements.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      157

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (continued)
    (c)   Amendments to HKAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
          Transaction narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in HKAS 12 so that it no longer
          applies to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences,
          such as leases and decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a
          deferred tax asset (provided that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability
          for temporary differences arising from these transactions.


          Prior to the initial application of these amendments, the Group applied the initial recognition
          exception and did not recognise a deferred tax asset and a deferred tax liability for temporary
          differences for transactions related to leases. The Group has applied the amendments on
          temporary differences related to leases as at 1 January 2022. Upon initial application of
          these amendments, the Group recognised (i) a deferred tax asset for all deductible temporary
          differences associated with lease liabilities (provided that sufficient taxable profit is available),
          and (ii) a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences associated with right-of-use
          assets at 1 January 2022, with cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to the balances
          of retained profits and non-controlling interests at that date. The quantitative impact on the
          financial statements is summarised below.
158   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (continued)
            Impact on the consolidated statements of financial position:


                                                                                         Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                    As at              As at              As at
                                                                           31 December        31 December            1 January
                                                                                    2023               2022               2022
                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000


              Assets
              Deferred tax assets (Note)                                           4,565              3,494              3,728


              Total non-current assets                                             4,565              3,494              3,728


              Total assets                                                         4,565              3,494              3,728


              Liabilities
              Deferred tax liabilities (Note)                                        (648)                49               193


              Total non-current liabilities                                          (648)                49               193


              Total liabilities                                                      (648)                49               193


              Net assets                                                           5,213              3,445              3,535


              Equity
              Retained profits                                                     5,210              3,441              3,473


              Equity attributable to owners of the parent                          5,210              3,441              3,473


              Non-controlling interests                                                  3                  4                62


              Total equity                                                         5,213              3,445              3,535


            Note:   The deferred tax asset and the deferred tax liability arising from lease contracts of the same subsidiary have
                    been offset in the consolidated statement of financial position for presentation purposes.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   159

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                          31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (continued)
    Impact on the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income:


                                                                               Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                For the year ended
                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000


     Income tax expense                                                          (1,768)               90
     Profit for the year                                                          1,768               (90)


     Attributable to:
       Owners of the parent                                                       1,769               (32)
       Non-controlling interests                                                      (1)             (58)


                                                                                  1,768               (90)


     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                               1,768               (90)


     Attributable to:
       Owners of the parent                                                       1,769               (32)
       Non-controlling interests                                                      (1)             (58)


                                                                                  1,768               (90)


    The Group has adopted amendments to HKAS 12 retrospectively with the date of initial application of
    1 January 2023. The comparative information for the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable
    to ordinary equity holders of the parent and total comprehensive loss for the year ended 31 December
    2022 were restated.
160   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (continued)
            (d)    Amendments to HKAS 12 International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules introduce a
                   mandatory temporary exception from the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from
                   the implementation of the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic
                   Co-operation and Development. The amendments also introduce disclosure requirements for
                   the affected entities to help users of the financial statements better understand the entities’
                   exposure to Pillar Two income taxes, including the disclosure of current tax related to Pillar Two
                   income taxes separately in the periods when Pillar Two legislation is effective and the disclosure
                   of known or reasonably estimable information of their exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in
                   periods in which the legislation is enacted or substantively enacted but not yet in effect. The
                   Group has applied the amendments and the mandatory temporary exception retrospectively.
                   Further disclosures are included in note 11 to the financial statements.


      2.3 Issued but not yet effective HKFRSs
            The Group has not applied the following revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet
            effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these revised HKFRSs, if
            applicable, when they become effective.


            Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                HKAS 28                                 its Associate or Joint Venture3
            Amendments to HKFRS 16                    Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback1
            Amendments to HKAS 1                      Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020
                                                        Amendments”)1, 4
            Amendments to HKAS 1                      Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                                                        (the “2022 Amendments”)1, 4
            Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7          Supplier Finance Arrangements1
            Amendments to HKAS 21                     Lack of Exchangeability2

            1      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
            2      Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
            3      No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
            4      As a consequence of the 2020 Amendments and the 2022 Amendments, Hong Kong Interpretation 5
                   Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a
                   Repayment on Demand Clause was revised to align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      161

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                              31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.3 Issued but not yet effective HKFRSs (continued)
    Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described
    below.


    Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in
    HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and
    its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting
    from a downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets constitutes a business. For
    a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from the
    transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investor’s
    interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. The
    previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 was removed by the
    HKICPA. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.


    Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease
    liability arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any
    amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for
    annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and shall be applied retrospectively to sale and
    leaseback transactions entered into after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 (i.e., 1 January
    2019). Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant
    impact on the Group’s financial statements.


    The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current,
    including what is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end
    of the reporting period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will
    exercise its right to defer settlement. The amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in its
    own equity instruments, and that only if a conversion option in a convertible liability is itself accounted
    for as an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not impact its classification. The 2022
    Amendments further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only
    those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of that
    liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are required for non-current liabilities that are
    subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months after the reporting period. The
    amendments shall be applied retrospectively with early application permitted. An entity that applies the
    2020 Amendments early is required to apply simultaneously the 2022 Amendments, and vice versa.
    The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments and whether existing loan agreements
    may require revision. Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not expected to have
    any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.
162   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.3 Issued but not yet effective HKFRSs (continued)
            Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and
            require additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments
            are intended to assist users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance
            arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. Earlier application of
            the amendments is permitted. The amendments provide certain transition reliefs regarding comparative
            information, quantitative information as at the beginning of the annual reporting period and interim
            disclosures. The Group is currently asscessing the impact of the amendments.


            Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable
            into another currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when
            exchangeability is lacking. The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of
            financial statements to understand the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. Earlier application
            is permitted. When applying the amendments, an entity cannot restate comparative information.
            Any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments shall be recognised as an adjustment
            to the opening balance of retained profits or to the cumulative amount of translation differences
            accumulated in a separate component of equity, where appropriate, at the date of initial application.
            The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


      2.4 Material accounting policies
            Investments in associates and joint ventures
            An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of
            the equity voting rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power
            to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint
            control over those policies.


            A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
            arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed
            sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities
            require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.


            The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of
            financial position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any
            impairment losses. Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may
            exist.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     163

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
    The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and
    joint ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
    income. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate
    or joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated
    statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the
    Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in
    the associates or joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of
    the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included
    as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint ventures.


    If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained
    interest is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity
    method. In all other cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over
    the joint venture, the Group measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any
    difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant
    influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is
    recognised in profit or loss.


    When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for
    in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.


    Business combinations and goodwill
    Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred
    is measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values
    of assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the
    acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For
    each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure at the acquisition date components
    of non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
    proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation at fair value or at the
    proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling
    interests are measured at their acquisition-date fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as
    incurred.


    The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets
    includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create
    outputs.
164   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Business combinations and goodwill (continued)
            When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed
            for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic
            circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of
            embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.


            If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at
            its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.


            Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the
            acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value
            with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as
            equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.


            Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration
            transferred, the amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s
            previously held equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
            assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets
            acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain
            purchase.


            After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill
            is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
            the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31
            December. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from
            the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of
            CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other
            assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.


            Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) to which
            the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (or group of CGUs) is less than the
            carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not
            reversed in a subsequent period.


            Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU (or group of CGUs) and part of the operation within that
            unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying
            amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in
            these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the
            portion of the CGU retained.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   165

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Fair value measurement
    The Group measures its certain financial assets, derivative financial instruments, and equity
    investments at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be
    received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
    participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that
    the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for
    the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the
    asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The
    fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would
    use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best
    interest.


    A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
    generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
    market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.


    The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient
    data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and
    minimising the use of unobservable inputs.


    All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
    categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is
    significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:


    Level 1     –   based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
    Level 2     –   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the
                    fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
    Level 3     –   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the
                    fair value measurement is unobservable


    For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the
    Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing
    categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a
    whole) at the end of each reporting period.
166   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Impairment of non-financial assets
            Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for a non-financial asset
            is required (other than inventories, contract assets, deferred tax assets, investment properties, and
            non-current assets/a disposal group classified as held for sale), the asset’s recoverable amount is
            estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or CGU’s value-in-use and its
            fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not
            generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in
            which case the recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to which the asset belongs. In testing
            a CGU for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters
            building) is allocated to an individual CGU if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis
            or, otherwise, to the smallest group of CGUs.


            An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable
            amount. In assessing value-in-use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
            value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
            money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit or
            loss in the period in which it arises.


            An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication
            that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an
            indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of
            an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to
            determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount
            that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss
            been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to the
            statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      167

                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                   31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Related parties
    A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


    (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


          (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


          (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


          (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


    or


    (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


          (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


          (ii)     one entity is an associate or a joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary
                   or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);


          (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


          (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
                   third entity;


          (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                   Group or an entity related to the Group;


          (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


          (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the
                   key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


          (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                   personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.
168   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
            Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated
            depreciation and any impairment losses. When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified
            as held for sale or when it is part of a disposal group classified as held for sale, it is not depreciated
            and is accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 5, as further explained in the accounting policy for
            “Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale”. The cost of an item of property, plant and
            equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its
            working condition and location for its intended use.


            Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such
            as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.
            In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is
            capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property,
            plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as
            individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.


            Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant
            and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for
            this purpose are as follows:


            Freehold land                            2.1%
            Buildings                                2% to 10%
            Leasehold improvements                   20% to 50% or over the lease terms whichever is shorter
            Plant and machinery                      5% to 50%
            Furniture, fixtures and equipment        10% to 50%
            Motor vehicles                           16.7% to 25%


            Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that
            item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately.
            Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at
            least at each financial year end.


            An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is
            derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.
            Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the
            asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the
            relevant asset.


            Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is
            reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for
            use.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   169

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                           31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Investment properties
    Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including right-of-use assets) held to earn
    rental income and/or for capital appreciation. Such properties are measured and stated at cost,
    including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are measured and
    stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses.


    Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in the
    statement of profit or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.


    Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of investment
    properties to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this
    purpose are as follows:


    Buildings                                2% to 3.67%
    Leasehold land                           Over the lease terms


    Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
    Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be
    recovered principally through a sales transaction rather than through continuing use. For this to be the
    case, the asset or disposal group must be available for immediate sale in its present condition subject
    only to terms that are usual and customary for the sale of such assets or disposal groups and its sale
    must be highly probable. All assets and liabilities of a subsidiary classified as a disposal group are
    reclassified as held for sale regardless of whether the Group retains a non-controlling interest in its
    former subsidiary after the sale.


    Non-current assets and disposal groups (other than investment properties and financial assets)
    classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amounts and fair values less
    costs to sell. Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets classified as held for sale are not
    depreciated or amortised.
170   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
            Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible
            assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives
            of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are
            subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is
            an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation
            method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.


            Patents and licences
            Purchased patents and licences with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are
            amortised on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives 3 to 20 years.


            Purchased patents and licences with indefinite useful lives are stated at cost less any identified
            impairment losses.


            Trademarks
            Purchased trademarks with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised
            on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 10 to 40 years.


            Customer relationships
            Purchased customer relationships with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and
            are amortised on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 5 to 14.3 years.


            Computer software
            Purchased computer software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the
            straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of 2 to 10 years.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    171

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (continued)
    Research and development costs
    All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.


    Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products and software is capitalised and deferred only
    when the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it
    will be available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how
    the asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project
    and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development
    expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.


    Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on a
    systematic basis with reference to projected production volume, upon future sales volume of related
    products.


    Leases
    The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
    contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period
    of time in exchange for consideration.


    The Group as a lessee
    The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term
    leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments
    and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.
172   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as a lessee (continued)
            (a)    Right-of-use assets
                   Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date
                   the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any
                   accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement
                   of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities
                   recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the
                   commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on
                   a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the
                   assets as follow:

                   Leasehold land                                       20 to 70 years
                   Plant and properties                                 1 (non-inclusive) to 10 years
                   Motor vehicles and other equipment                   2 to 5 years


                   If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost
                   reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful
                   life of the asset.


            (b)    Lease liabilities
                   Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of
                   lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments
                   (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease
                   payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual
                   value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option
                   reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination of
                   a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The
                   variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense
                   in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

                   In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing
                   rate (“IBR”) at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease
                   is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is
                   increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In
                   addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a
                   change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments
                   resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase
                   the underlying asset.

                   The Group’s lease liabilities are separately disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial
                   position.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    173

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Leases (continued)
    The Group as a lessee (continued)
    (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
          The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of
          machinery and equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less
          from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). When the Group enters
          into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease
          on a lease-by-lease basis. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
          are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


    The Group as a lessor
    When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification)
    each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.


    Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to
    ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-
    lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a
    relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the
    lease terms and is included in other income in profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct
    costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the
    leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents
    are recognised as other income in the period in which they are earned.


    Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying
    assets to the lessee are accounted for as finance leases.
174   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Investments and other financial assets
            Initial recognition and measurement
            Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair
            value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.


            The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual
            cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of
            trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has
            applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the
            Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus in the case of a financial asset not at
            fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant
            financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the
            transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue
            recognition” below.


            In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through
            other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
            and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are
            not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business
            model.


            The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial
            assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result
            from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified
            and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial
            assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair
            value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both
            holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the
            aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.


            Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
            established by regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is,
            the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   175

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                          31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Investments and other financial assets (continued)
    Subsequent measurement
    The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


    Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
    Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and
    are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the
    asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.


    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt
    instruments)
    For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign
    exchange revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit
    or loss and computed in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The
    remaining fair value changes are recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the
    cumulative fair value change recognised in other comprehensive income is recycled to the statement of
    profit or loss.


    Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive
    income (equity investments)
    Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity
    investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the
    definition of equity under HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The
    classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.


    Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss.
    Dividends are recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment
    has been established, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the
    cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income.
    Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income are not subject to
    impairment assessment.
176   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Investments and other financial assets (continued)
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at
            fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


            This category includes certain trade receivables, other receivables, derivative instruments and equity
            investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other
            comprehensive income. Dividends on the equity investments are also recognised as other income in
            the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.


            A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated
            from the host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks
            are not closely related to the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded
            derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair
            value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value
            recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in
            the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or
            a reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.


            A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for
            separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified
            in its entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     177

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Derecognition of financial assets
    A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial
    assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e. removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
    position) when:


    •     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


    •     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
          obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a
          “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks
          and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all
          the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.


    When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a
    pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards
    of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks
    and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the
    transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also
    recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a
    basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.


    Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at
    the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that
    the Group could be required to repay.


    Impairment of financial assets
    The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not
    held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash
    flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
    discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will
    include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the
    contractual terms.
178   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (continued)
            General approach
            ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant
            increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from
            default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit
            exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss
            allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of
            the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).


            At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
            increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the
            risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
            occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable
            and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and
            forward-looking information.


            The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 180 days past due.
            However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal
            or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual
            amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset
            is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.


            Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised
            cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following
            stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the
            simplified approach as detailed below.


            Stage 1      –   Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                             recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                             12-month ECLs


            Stage 2    –     Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                             recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss
                             allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs


            Stage 3      –   Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not
                             purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at
                             an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023         179

                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                   31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Impairment of financial assets (continued)
    Simplified approach
    For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or
    when the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing
    component, the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified
    approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance
    based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that
    is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
    debtors and the economic environment.


    Financial liabilities
    Initial recognition and measurement
    Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit
    or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an
    effective hedge, as appropriate.


    All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
    payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.


    The Group’s financial liabilities include trade payables, bills payable, derivative financial instruments,
    lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, financial liabilities included in other
    payables and accruals, other long-term payables and financial liabilities associated with put option.


    Subsequent measurement
    The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


    Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
    Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing
    in the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the
    Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by HKFRS 9.
    Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as
    effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in profit or
    loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in profit or loss does not include any interest charged
    on these financial liabilities.
180   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Financial liabilities (continued)
            Subsequent measurement (continued)
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade payables, other payables,
            bills payable and borrowings)
            After initial recognition, trade payables, other payables, bills payable and interest-bearing borrowings
            are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the
            effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses
            are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective
            interest rate amortisation process.


            Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or
            costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is
            included in finance costs in profit or loss.


            Financial liabilities associated with put option over non-controlling
            interests
            Put option written to non-controlling interest (“NCI put”) is a financial instrument granted by the Group
            whereby the counterparty may have the right to request the Group to purchase their equity interests
            in the Group’s non-wholly-own subsidiaries for cash or other financial assets when certain conditions
            are met. If the Group does not have the unconditional right to avoid delivering cash or other financial
            assets under the put option, the Group has to initially recognise a financial liability at the present
            value of the estimated future cash outflows under the put option. Subsequently, if the Group revises
            its estimates of payments, the Group adjusts the carrying amount of the financial liability to reflect
            actual and revised estimated cash outflows. At the end of each reporting period, the Group recalculates
            the carrying amount by computing the present value of revised estimated future cash outflows at the
            financial instrument’s original effective interest rate and the adjustment to its carrying amount is to be
            recognised as income or expenses in profit or loss. If the put option expires without being exercised,
            the carrying amount of the liability is reclassified as equity.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     181

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                              31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Financial liabilities (continued)
    Subsequent measurement (continued)
    Financial liabilities associated with put option over non-controlling
    interests (continued)
    The put option liabilities are current liabilities unless the put option first becomes exercisable 12
    months after the end of the reporting period.


    Derecognition of financial liabilities
    A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or
    expires.


    When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially
    different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or
    modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability,
    and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or
    loss.


    Offsetting of financial instruments
    Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement
    of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts
    and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities
    simultaneously.


    Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
    Initial recognition and subsequent measurement
    The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts, to hedge its
    foreign currency risk. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the
    date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value.
    Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is
    negative.
182   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
            Initial recognition and subsequent measurement (continued)
            Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivatives are taken directly to the statement
            of profit or loss, except for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognised in other
            comprehensive income and later reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged item affects profit or
            loss.


            For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:


            •       fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset
                    or liability or an unrecognised firm commitment; or


            •       cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable
                    to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast
                    transaction, or a foreign currency risk in an unrecognised firm commitment; or


            •       hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.


            At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge
            relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting, the risk management objective and
            its strategy for undertaking the hedge.


            The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of
            the risk being hedged and how the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge
            effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of sources of hedge ineffectiveness and how the
            hedge ratio is determined). A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of the
            following effectiveness requirements:


            •       There is “an economic relationship” between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.


            •       The effect of credit risk does not “dominate the value changes” that result from that economic
                    relationship.


            •       The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
                    hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
                    Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.


            Hedges which meet all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for as follows:
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    183

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
    Cash flow hedges
    The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instruments is recognised directly in other
    comprehensive income in the cash flow hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised
    immediately in the statement of profit or loss. The cash flow hedge reserve is adjusted to the lower of
    the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument and the cumulative change in fair value of the
    hedged item.


    The amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income are accounted for, depending on the nature
    of the underlying hedged transaction. If the hedged transaction subsequently results in the recognition
    of a non-financial item, the amount accumulated in equity is removed from the separate component
    of equity and included in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the hedged asset or liability. This
    is not a reclassification adjustment and will not be recognised in other comprehensive income for the
    period. This also applies where the hedged forecast transaction of a non-financial asset or non-financial
    liability subsequently becomes a firm commitment to which fair value hedge accounting is applied.


    For any other cash flow hedges, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is reclassified
    to the statement of profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment in the same period or periods during
    which the hedged cash flows affect the statement of profit or loss.


    If cash flow hedge accounting is discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in other
    comprehensive income must remain in accumulated other comprehensive income if the hedged future
    cash flows are still expected to occur. Otherwise, the amount will be immediately reclassified to the
    statement of profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment. After the discontinuation, once the hedged
    cash flow occurs, any amount remaining in accumulated other comprehensive income is accounted for
    depending on the nature of the underlying transaction as described above.


    Fair value hedges
    The change in the fair value of a hedging instrument is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
    The change in the fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk hedged is recorded as a part of
    the carrying amount of the hedged item and is also recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


    For fair value hedges relating to items carried at amortised cost, the adjustment to carrying value
    is amortised through the statement of profit or loss over the remaining term of the hedge using the
    effective interest rate method. Effective interest rate amortisation may begin as soon as an adjustment
    exists and shall begin no later than when the hedged item ceases to be adjusted for changes in its fair
    value attributable to the risk being hedged. If the hedged item is derecognised, the unamortised fair
    value is recognised immediately in the statement of profit or loss.
184   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Treasury shares
            Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares)
            are recognised directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase,
            sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments.


            Inventories
            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the
            weighted average basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct
            materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based
            on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal. Cost
            of inventories includes the transfer from equity of gains and losses on qualifying cash flow hedges in
            respect of the purchases of raw materials.


            Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks,
            and short-term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily
            convertible into known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held
            for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments.


            For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise
            cash on hand and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are
            repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     185

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Provisions
    A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a
    past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation,
    provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.


    When the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognised
    as a separate asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense relating to a
    provision is presented in the statement of profit or loss net of any reimbursement.


    When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value
    at the end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the
    obligation. The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is
    included in finance costs in profit or loss.


    The Group provides for warranties in relation to the sale of certain TV and other products for general
    repairs of defects occurring during the warranty period. Provisions for these assurance-type warranties
    granted by the Group are initially recognised based on sales volume and past experience of the level
    of repairs and returns, discounted to their present values as appropriate. The warranty-related cost is
    revised annually.


    Income tax
    Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit
    or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


    Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid
    to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
    enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices
    prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.


    Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the
    reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial
    reporting purposes, except that deferred tax is not recognised for the Pillar Two income taxes.
186   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Income tax (continued)
            Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


            •      when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability
                   in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
                   neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable
                   and deductible temporary differences; and


            •      in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
                   associates and joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can
                   be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
                   future.


            Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
            unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it
            is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and
            the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:


            •      when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the
                   initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and,
                   at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and
                   does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and


            •      in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
                   associates and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is
                   probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit
                   will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.


            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced
            to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all
            or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at
            the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that
            sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.


            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the
            period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have
            been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     187

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Income tax (continued)
    Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally
    enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets
    and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the
    same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and
    assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future
    period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or
    recovered.


    Government grants
    Government grants are recognised at their fair values where there is reasonable assurance that the
    grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an
    expense item except research and development cost item, it is deducted from the related expense on
    systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.


    Where the grant relates to an asset except research and development assets, the fair value is
    deducted from the carrying amount of the relevant asset and is released to profit or loss over the
    expected useful life of the relevant asset by way of a reduced depreciation charge.


    Where the grant relates to research and development asset or cost item, the fair value is credited to a
    deferred income account and is released to profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant
    asset or on systematic basis.


    Revenue recognition
    Revenue from contracts with customers
    Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred
    to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled
    in exchange for those goods or services.


    When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is
    estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to
    the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is
    highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will
    not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
188   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Revenue recognition (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant
            benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue
            is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that
            would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract
            inception. When the contract contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant
            financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest
            expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where the
            period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one
            year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component,
            using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.


            (a)    Sale of TV, mobile devices and other products
                   Revenue from the sale of TV, mobile devices and other products is recognised at the point in
                   time when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the TV,
                   mobile devices and other products.


                   Some contracts for the sale of TV, mobile devices and other products provide customers with
                   volume rebates which giving rise to variable consideration.


                   Volume rebates
                   Retrospective volume rebates may be provided to certain customers once the quantity of
                   products purchased during the period exceeds a threshold specified in the contract. Rebates
                   are offset against amounts payable by the customer. To estimate the variable consideration
                   for the expected future rebates, the most likely amount method is used for contracts with a
                   single-volume threshold and the expected value method for contracts with more than one volume
                   threshold. The selected method that best predicts the amount of variable consideration is
                   primarily driven by the number of volume thresholds contained in the contract. The requirements
                   on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied and a refund liability for the
                   expected future rebates is recognised.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   189

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                           31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Revenue recognition (continued)
    Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
    (b)   Construction services
          Revenue from the provision of construction services related to photovoltaic business is
          recognised over time, using an input method to measure progress towards complete satisfaction
          of the service, because the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the
          customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. The input method recognises revenue
          based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for
          satisfaction of the construction services.


    (c)   Video-on-demand internet services
          Video-on-demand internet services primarily offers customers to assess certain videos on the
          internet platform. Revenue from video-on-demand services is recognised over the validity period
          on a straight-line basis.


    (d)   Advertising, value-added and other services
          Advertising, value-added and other services primarily offers smart terminal advertising exposure
          and software promotion services. Revenue from advertising, value-added and other services is
          recognised at the point in time when the services are rendered.


    (e)   Processing and technical service income
          Revenue from rendering of processing service and technical service income are recognised at
          the point in time upon the transfer of service outcome to customer.


    Revenue from other sources
    Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the
    rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial
    instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


    Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments
    that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which
    they are incurred.


    Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders' right to receive payment has been established,
    it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the
    amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.
190   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Contract assets
            If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before being unconditionally
            entitled to the consideration under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned
            consideration that is conditional. Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of
            which are included in the accounting policies for impairment of financial assets. They are reclassified
            to trade receivables when the right to the consideration becomes unconditional.


            Contract liabilities
            A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or the payment is due (whichever is
            earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities
            are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the
            related goods or services to the customer).


            Share-based payments
            The Company operate share option schemes (the share option scheme adopted on 18 May 2016 and
            terminated on 3 November 2023 (“2016 Share Option Scheme”) and the share option scheme adopted
            on 3 November 2023 (“2023 Share Option Scheme”)) and share award schemes (the share award
            scheme adopted on 6 February 2008 and expired on 5 February 2023 (“2008 Share Award Scheme”)
            and the share award scheme adopted on 3 November 2023 (“2023 Share Award Scheme”)). Employees
            (including directors) of the Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby
            employees render services in exchange for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”).


            The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at
            the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer using a binomial
            model.


            The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a
            corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions
            are fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each
            reporting period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and
            the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge
            or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative
            expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    191

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                              31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Share-based payments (continued)
    Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant
    date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the
    Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance
    conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but
    without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting
    conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award
    unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.


    For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have
    not been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition,
    the transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is
    satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.


    Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as
    if the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense
    is recognised for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is
    otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.


    Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation,
    and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately.


    This includes any award where non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or
    the employee are not met. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is
    designated as a replacement award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are
    treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.


    The dilutive effect of outstanding equity-settled award is reflected as additional share dilution in the
    computation of earnings per share.
192   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Other employee benefits
            Pension schemes
            The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the
            “MPF Scheme”) in Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those
            employees who are eligible to participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions are made based on a
            percentage of the employees' basic salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they
            become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are
            held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s employer
            contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.


            The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC and overseas are required to participate in a
            central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. Certain subsidiaries are required
            to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the pension schemes at the applicable rates
            based on the amounts stipulated by the local government organisations. The only obligation of the
            Group with respect to the pension schemes is to pay the required ongoing contributions. Contributions
            under the schemes are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules
            of the pension schemes.


            Borrowing costs
            Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
            i.e. assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
            are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases
            when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are
            expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs
            that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.


            Dividends
            Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
            meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.


            Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum
            and articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently,
            interim dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     193

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2023




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
    Foreign currencies
    These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, which is the Company’s functional
    currency. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the
    financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency
    transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional
    currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated
    in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the
    reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in
    the statement of profit or loss.


    Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
    using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at
    fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair
    value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair
    value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e.
    translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive
    income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss,
    respectively).


    In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
    derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration,
    the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary
    asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments
    or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the
    advance consideration.
194   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 Material accounting policies (continued)
            Foreign currencies (continued)
            The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are currencies
            other than the Hong Kong dollar. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of
            these entities are translated into Hong Kong dollar at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the
            reporting period and their statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income are translated
            into Hong Kong dollar at the accumulated average exchange rates for the year.


            The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
            in the exchange fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-
            controlling interests. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating
            to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


            Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the
            carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of
            the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.


            For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries
            are translated into Hong Kong dollar at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows.
            Frequently recurring cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated
            into Hong Kong dollar at the accumulated average exchange rates for the year.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    195

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2023




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements,
   estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and
   liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty
   about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material
   adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.


   Judgements
   In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following
   judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the
   amounts recognised in the financial statements:


   Identifying performance obligations in a bundled sale of photovoltaic
   products and construction services
   The Group determined that both photovoltaic products and construction services are each capable
   of being distinct. The fact that the Group regularly sells both photovoltaic products and construction
   services on a standalone basis indicates that the customer can benefit from both products on their
   own. The photovoltaic products and construction services are not inputs to a combined item in the
   contract. Consequently, the Group has allocated a portion of the transaction price to the photovoltaic
   products and the construction services based on relative standalone selling prices.
196   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
         (CONTINUED)
            Estimation uncertainty
            The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end
            of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
            amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.


            Variable consideration for volume rebates
            The Group estimates variable consideration to be included in the transaction price for the sale of TV,
            mobile devices and other products with volume rebates.


            The Group’s expected volume rebates are analysed on a per customer basis for contracts that are
            subject to a single volume threshold. Determining whether a customer will likely be entitled to a rebate
            depends on the customer’s historical rebate entitlement and accumulated purchases to date.


            The Group applied a statistical model for estimating expected volume rebates for contracts with more
            than one volume threshold. The model uses the historical purchasing patterns and rebate entitlement
            of customers to determine the expected rebate percentages and the expected value of the variable
            consideration. Any significant changes in experience as compared to historical purchasing patterns and
            rebate entitlements of customers will impact the expected rebate percentages estimated by the Group.


            The Group updates its assessment of volume rebates monthly and the rebate allowances are adjusted
            accordingly. Estimates of volume rebates are sensitive to changes in circumstances and the Group’s
            past experience regarding rebate entitlements may not be representative of customers’ actual rebate
            entitlements in the future.


            Impairment of goodwill
            The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires
            an estimation of the value-in-use of the CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the
            value-in-use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the
            CGUs and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those
            cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 2023 was HK$3,193,639,000 (2022:
            HK$3,195,180,000). Further details are given in note 17 to the financial statements.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    197

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                           31 December 2023




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
   Estimation uncertainty (continued)
   Provision for ECLs on trade receivables, contract assets and other
   receivables
   The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables, contract assets and
   other receivables. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer
   segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by geography, product type, customer type and rating,
   and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of credit insurance).


   The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will
   calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For
   instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are expected to deteriorate
   over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the manufacturing sector, the
   historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are
   updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.


   The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic
   conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in
   circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and
   forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the
   future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables, contract assets and other
   receivables is disclosed in notes 23, 25 and 26 to the financial statements, respectively.


   Leases – Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
   The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an
   incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the
   Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary
   to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment.
   The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation when no
   observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions)
   or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (for example, when
   leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional currency). The Group estimates the IBR using observable
   inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific
   estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).
198   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
         (CONTINUED)
            Estimation uncertainty (continued)
            Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)
            The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets
            (including the right-of-use assets) at the end of each reporting period. Indefinite life intangible assets
            are tested for impairment annually and at other times when such an indicator exists. Other non-financial
            assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be
            recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a CGU exceeds its recoverable
            amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value-in-use. The calculation
            of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in
            an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for
            disposing of the asset. When value-in-use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate
            the expected future cash flows from the asset or CGU and choose a suitable discount rate in order to
            calculate the present value of those cash flows.


            Deferred tax assets
            Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable
            profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is
            required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely
            timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. Further details are
            contained in note 35 to the financial statements.


            Fair value of unlisted equity investments
            The unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a market-based valuation technique as
            detailed in note 47 to the financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the
            comparable public companies (peers) and select the price multiple. In addition, the Group makes
            estimates about the discount for illiquidity and size differences. The Group classifies the fair value
            of these investments as Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity investments at 31 December
            2023 was HK$315,651,000 (2022: HK$183,629,000). Further details are included in note 21 to the
            financial statements.


            Fair value of financial instruments determined using valuation techniques
            Fair value of financial instruments, in the absence of an active market, is estimated by using
            appropriate valuation techniques. Such valuations were based on certain assumptions about credit
            risk, volatility and liquidity risks, associated with the instruments, which are subject to uncertainty and
            might materially differ from the actual results. Further details are included in note 47 to the financial
            statements.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   199

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                          31 December 2023




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
   Estimation uncertainty (continued)
   Useful lives and impairment of property, plant and equipment
   The Group determines the useful lives and related depreciation charges for its property, plant
   and equipment based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and
   equipment of similar nature and functions. The estimated useful lives could change significantly as a
   result of technical innovations and competitor actions in response to severe industry cycles.


   Management will increase the depreciation charge where useful lives are less than previously
   estimated, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been
   abandoned. Actual economic lives of property, plant and equipment may differ from estimated useful
   lives. Periodic review could result in a change in depreciable lives and, therefore, depreciation in the
   future periods.


   Provision against obsolete and slow-moving inventories
   The Group reviews the condition of its inventories and makes provision against obsolete and
   slow-moving inventory items which are identified as no longer suitable for sale or use. Management
   estimates the net realisable value for such inventories based primarily on the latest invoice prices and
   current market conditions. The Group carries out an inventory review at the end of the reporting period
   and makes provision against obsolete and slow-moving items. Management reassesses the estimation
   at the end of the reporting period.


   The provision against obsolete and slow-moving inventories requires the use of judgements and
   estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact on
   the carrying value of inventories and the write-down of inventories recognised in the periods in which
   such estimates have been changed.


   Warranty provisions
   As further explained in note 34 to the financial statements, the Group makes provisions for the
   warranties it gives on the sale of its products, taking into account the Group’s current sales levels and
   past experience of the level of repairs and returns. As the Group is continually upgrading its product
   designs and launching new models, it is possible that the past experience of the level of repairs and
   returns is not indicative of future claims that it will receive in respect of past sales. Any increase or
   decrease in the actual claims would affect profit or loss in future years.
200   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
         (CONTINUED)
            Estimation uncertainty (continued)
            PRC corporate income tax
            The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. As a result of the fact that certain matters relating
            to the income taxes have not been confirmed by the local tax bureaus, objective estimates and
            judgements based on currently enacted tax laws, regulations and other related policies are required in
            determining the provision for income taxes to be made. Where the final tax outcome of these matters
            is different from the amounts originally recorded, the differences will impact on the income tax and tax
            provisions in the period in which the differences realise.


      4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
            For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their geographical
            smart screen segments and other product types and has five reportable operating segments as follows:


            (a)    Smart screen segment – manufacture and sale of smart screen in:


                   –      TCL smart screen – the PRC market; and


                   –      TCL smart screen – the international markets;


            (b)    Internet business segment – membership cards, video-on-demand, advertising, vertical
                   application and other new businesses;


            (c)    Smart mobile, connective devices and services segment – manufacture and sale of mobile
                   phones, smart connective products and display and service;


            (d)    All-category marketing segment – distribution of TCL branded air conditioners, refrigerators,
                   washing machines and other household appliances; and


            (e)    Smart commercial display, smart home, photovoltaic and other businesses segment.


            The management of the Group monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for
            the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment
            performance is evaluated based on segment revenue and gross profit of each operating segment.
                                                                                                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                                                               201

                                                                                                                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                                                                                                              31 December 2023




4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
   Information regarding these reportable segments, together with their related comparative information,
   is presented below.

                                                                                                                                                                       Smart commercial display,
                                                                                                                  Smart mobile, connective                             smart home, photovoltaic
                                                       Smart screen                         Internet business       devices and services     All-Category Marketing      and other businesses            Total                Eliminations           Consolidated
                                       TCL Smart screen –        TCL Smart screen –
                                         the PRC market         international markets
                                         2023          2022         2023          2022       2023          2022       2023          2022         2023         2022          2023          2022        2023          2022      2023        2022       2023        2022
                                      HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000   HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000


    Segment revenue:
      Sales to external customers   16,016,765 15,194,117 32,615,812 29,999,916          2,762,526    2,298,195   8,278,969 12,956,448 10,408,969         8,243,564     8,903,023    2,659,175 78,986,064 71,351,415        –           – 78,986,064 71,351,415
      Intersegment sales             2,881,163 1,796,179     373,960 1,766,617              21,941       13,889       2,508      4,633     27,857               386        47,773      116,165 3,355,202 3,697,869 (3,355,202) (3,697,869)         –          –


    Total                           18,897,928 16,990,296 32,989,772 31,766,533          2,784,467    2,312,084   8,281,477 12,961,081 10,436,826         8,243,950     8,950,796    2,775,340 82,341,266 75,049,284 (3,355,202) (3,697,869) 78,986,064 71,351,415


    Gross profit                     3,676,650    3,702,991   5,023,150     4,779,836    1,521,091    1,160,033   1,879,379     2,041,469    1,739,912    1,085,467      915,513       341,787 14,755,695 13,111,583             –           – 14,755,695 13,111,583




   Geographical information
                                                    Chinese Mainland                                 Europe                                     North America                                    Others                                  Consolidated
                                                     2023           2022                          2023         2022                             2023          2022                            2023         2022                         2023           2022
                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000                        HK$’000      HK$’000                          HK$’000       HK$’000                         HK$’000      HK$’000                      HK$’000        HK$’000

    Revenue from external
      customers                              32,245,801               23,632,874            8,986,714             9,840,245             16,481,435             18,133,414             21,272,114             19,744,882         78,986,064          71,351,415


    Non-current assets                           7,755,166             8,181,807               183,654               193,316                 234,650                  212,705           2,599,967             2,527,935         10,773,437          11,115,763


   The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers. The non-current asset
   information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes deferred tax assets.


   Information about a major customer
   For the year ended 31 December 2023, revenue of approximately HK$9,091,061,000 (2022:
   HK$8,133,350,000) was derived from sales by the TCL smart screen – the PRC market to a single
   customer.
202   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
            An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                                       2023          2022
                                                                                    HK$’000       HK$’000


              Revenue from contracts with customers                               78,986,064    71,351,415


            Revenue from contracts with customers
            (i)    Disaggregated revenue information
                   For the year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                  Smart screen       Internet
                    Segments                                        and others*     business         Total
                                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


                    Types of goods or services
                    Sale of goods                                  75,191,230       162,447     75,353,677
                    Construction services                           1,032,308              –     1,032,308
                    Video-on-demand services                                 –      511,262       511,262
                    Advertising, vertical application and other
                      new business                                           –     2,088,817     2,088,817


                    Total revenue from contracts with customers    76,223,538      2,762,526    78,986,064


                    Geographical markets
                    Chinese Mainland                               30,185,354      2,060,447    32,245,801
                    Europe                                          8,986,714              –     8,986,714
                    North America                                  16,121,607       359,828     16,481,435
                    Emerging markets                               20,929,863       342,251     21,272,114


                    Total revenue from contracts with customers    76,223,538      2,762,526    78,986,064


                    Timing of revenue recognition
                    Goods transferred at a point in time           75,191,230       162,447     75,353,677
                    Services transferred over time                  1,032,308       511,262      1,543,570
                    Services transferred at a point in time                  –     2,088,817     2,088,817


                    Total revenue from contracts with customers    76,223,538      2,762,526    78,986,064
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   203

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2023




5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   (i)   Disaggregated revenue information (continued)
         For the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                          Smart screen           Internet
          Segments                                          and others*         business              Total
                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


          Types of goods or services
          Sale of goods                                    68,915,963           139,622        69,055,585
          Construction services                               137,257                   –         137,257
          Video-on-demand services                                    –         517,559           517,559
          Advertising, vertical application and other
            new business                                              –       1,641,014         1,641,014


          Total revenue from contracts with
            customers                                      69,053,220         2,298,195        71,351,415


          Geographical markets
          Chinese Mainland                                 21,835,754         1,797,120        23,632,874
          Europe                                            9,840,245                   –       9,840,245
          North America                                    17,927,898           205,516        18,133,414
          Emerging markets                                 19,449,323           295,559        19,744,882


          Total revenue from contracts with
            customers                                      69,053,220         2,298,195        71,351,415


          Timing of revenue recognition
          Goods transferred at a point in time             68,915,963           139,622        69,055,585
          Services transferred over time                      137,257           517,559           654,816
          Services transferred at a point in time                     –       1,641,014         1,641,014


          Total revenue from contracts with
            customers                                      69,053,220         2,298,195        71,351,415
204   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            (i)    Disaggregated revenue information (continued)
                   Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers to the amounts
                   disclosed in the segment information:


                   For the year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                      Smart screen           Internet
                       Segments                                          and others*        business             Total
                                                                           HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


                       Revenue from contracts with customers
                       External customers                               76,223,538        2,762,526       78,986,064
                       Intersegment sales                                3,333,261            21,941       3,355,202


                                                                        79,556,799        2,784,467       82,341,266
                       Intersegment adjustments and eliminations        (3,333,261)          (21,941)     (3,355,202)


                       Total revenue from contracts with customers      76,223,538        2,762,526       78,986,064


                   For the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                                       Smart screen          Internet
                       Segments                                          and others*        business             Total
                                                                           HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


                       Revenue from contracts with customers
                       External customers                               69,053,220        2,298,195       71,351,415
                       Intersegment sales                                3,683,980            13,889       3,697,869


                                                                        72,737,200        2,312,084       75,049,284
                       Intersegment adjustments and eliminations        (3,683,980)          (13,889)     (3,697,869)


                       Total revenue from contracts with customers      69,053,220        2,298,195       71,351,415


                   *        Smart screen and others including all other four operating segments except internet business
                            segment.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      205

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                31 December 2023




5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   (ii)   Performance obligations
          Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


          Sales of smart screen, mobile devices and other products
          The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of smart screen, mobile devices and other
          products and payment is generally due within 180 days from delivery. Some contracts provide
          customers with volume rebates which give rise to variable consideration subject to constraint.


          Construction services
          The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is
          generally due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing.


          Video-on-demand services
          The performance obligation is satisfied over time as the services allow customers to play
          and watch certain videos on the internet platform within the validity period, where payment in
          advance is normally required. The validity period ranging from a few hours to one year depends
          on the respective terms of the service contracts.


          Advertising, vertical application and other new businesses
          The performance obligation is satisfied upon rendering of the services and payment is generally
          due within 30 to 90 days from rendering.


          The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that
          were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:


                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


           Sales of products                                                     1,342,829          2,157,007
206   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
            Other income and gains
                                                                                      2023        2022
                                                                          Notes    HK$’000     HK$’000


              Other income
              Interest income                                              7       794,171      631,002
              Sales of scrap materials                                              11,440        5,641
              Government grants                                            7       535,252      661,401
              Foreign exchange differences, net                            7       202,476    1,345,131
              Promotion income                                                           –       2,191
              Write-off of balances due to creditors                                 8,053       3,610
              Software development income                                           18,097      46,387
              Rental income, net                                           7        34,060      22,250
              Others                                                                26,357      63,557


                                                                                  1,629,906   2,781,170


              Gains
              Gain on disposal of items of other intangible assets, net    7         2,344           –
              Gain on disposal of items of other deferred assets, net      7           141           –
              Gain on disposal of items of right-of-use assets, net        7         5,255       1,545
              Claim indemnity                                                        2,564       9,153
              Fair value gains, net:
                Derivative instruments – transactions not qualifying as
                   hedges                                                  7             –     176,344
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      7        25,072           –
                Call options and put options                               7             –      53,906
              Realised gain on settlement of derivative financial
                instruments                                                 7       25,259           –
              Gain on expiration of call options                            7            –      17,579
              Gain on liquidation of subsidiaries                           7        1,051         104
              Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                            7,42      19,947       4,425
              Gain on disposal of associates                               7        57,063           –
              Deemed gain on partial acquisition of a joint venture        7             –       7,749
              Deemed gain on partial disposal of an associate              7         5,687           –
              Others                                                                35,087      88,976


                                                                                   179,470     359,781


                                                                                  1,809,376   3,140,951
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      207

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                 31 December 2023




6. FINANCE COSTS
   An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                                      2023                2022
                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


    Interest on:
    Bank loans                                                                     817,023             573,094
    Loans from companies controlled by TCL Industries Holdings                      36,234              45,055
    Interest expense on lease liabilities                                           17,024              18,041
    Imputed interest on financial liabilities arising from put option               15,067              31,510
    Loans from an affiliate of TCL Industries Holdings                                 129                    –
    Loans from a company controlled by TCL Technology                                    20                   –
    Discounted bills receivable from a company controlled by TCL
      Industries Holdings                                                                    –              971


    Total                                                                          885,497             668,671


7. PROFIT BEFORE TAX
   The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                 Notes           HK$’000               HK$’000


    Cost of inventories sold and services provided                            64,230,369            58,239,832
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                  14            405,726               401,441
    Depreciation of investment properties                          15              14,749               14,078
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                           16(a)          209,177               204,799
    Amortisation of other deferred assets                                          24,855               16,509
    Research and development costs                                             2,326,980             2,531,283
    Amortisation of other intangible assets                        18            540,620               622,922
    Lease payments not included in the measurement of
      lease liabilities                                                          106,651                87,781
    Auditor’s remuneration                                                         11,937               11,937
    Employee benefit expenses (including directors'
      remuneration):
      Wages and salaries                                                       5,253,561             4,925,322
      Equity-settled share option expense                                                –                   91
      Employee share-based compensation benefits under
        the 2008 Share Award Scheme                                                83,636              147,629
      Defined contribution expenses                                              501,369               495,187


                                                                               5,838,566             5,568,229
208   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      7. PROFIT BEFORE TAX (CONTINUED)
            The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting) (continued):

                                                                                              2023          2022
                                                                             Notes         HK$’000       HK$’000

              Foreign exchange differences, net                                5          (202,476)    (1,345,131)
              Impairment of financial assets, net:
                Impairment of trade receivables                               23           123,523        83,408
                Impairment of other receivables                               26            15,127         8,112
                Impairment of contract assets                                 25                81             –

                                                                                           138,731        91,520

              Impairment of items of property, plant and equipment**          14             1,538             –
              Impairment of items of other intangible assets**                18            21,927             –
              Impairment of investment in associates**                                      32,884             –
              Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                            302,580       148,162
              Rental income, net                                               5           (34,060)      (22,250)
              Interest income                                                  5          (794,171)     (631,002)
              Government grants*
                Credited to other income and gains                             5          (535,252)     (661,401)
                Deducted from cost of sales and relevant expenses                         (108,701)      (12,393)

                                                                                          (643,953)     (673,794)

              Fair value (gains)/losses, net:
                Derivative instruments – transactions not qualifying as
                   hedges***                                                               198,944      (176,344)
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          5           (25,072)            –
                Call options and put options**                                              47,177       (53,906)
              Realised (gain)/loss on settlement, net:
                Derivative financial instruments***                                         (25,259)   1,295,490
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss***                      1,684      (78,589)
              (Gain)/loss on expiration of call options**                                    48,885      (17,579)
              Ineffectiveness of fair value hedges***                                        30,094            –
              Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and
                equipment, net**                                                             20,968        1,898
              (Gain)/loss on disposal of items of other intangible
                assets, net**                                                               (2,344)          741
              Gain on disposal of items of right-of-use assets, net            5            (5,255)       (1,545)
              Gain on disposal of items of other deferred assets, net          5              (141)            –
              Gain on liquidation of subsidiaries                              5            (1,051)         (104)
              Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                               5,42          (19,947)       (4,425)
              (Gain)/loss on disposal of associates**                                      (57,063)      298,071
              Deemed (gain)/loss on partial disposal of associates**                        (5,687)        9,329
              Deemed gain on partial acquisition of a joint venture            5                 –        (7,749)
              Loss on liquidation of an associate**                                              –         1,174
              Product warranty provision, net                                              802,303       689,500
                                                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023         209

                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                       31 December 2023




7. PROFIT BEFORE TAX (CONTINUED)
   Notes:


   *          Certain government grants have been received related to the Group’s day-to-day activities. Government
              grants including value-added tax (“VAT”) refund and national patent subsidies are recorded in “Other income
              and gains” in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income. There are no
              unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.


   **         Loss of these items are included in “Other operating expenses" on the face of the consolidated statement
              of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


   ***        Losses on these items are included in "Administrative expenses” on the face of the consolidated statement
              of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.



8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing
   the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), section 383(1)(a),
   (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of
   Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


       Fees                                                                                   1,025             1,067


       Other emoluments:
        Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                             3,656             2,591
        Discretionary performance related bonuses                                             1,509             5,261
        Equity-settled share option benefits                                                       8                  8
        Employee share-based compensation benefits under
          the 2008 Share Award Scheme                                                       17,039             38,748
        Pension scheme contributions                                                            178                151


                                                                                            22,390             46,759


                                                                                            23,415             47,826
210   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
         (CONTINUED)
            (a) Independent non-executive directors
                   The remuneration paid to independent non-executive directors during the year was as follows:


                                                                              2023                                                              2022

                                                                                           Employee                                                           Employee
                                                                                         share-based                                                        share-based
                                                                               Equity- compensation                                              Equity-   compensation
                                                              Discretionary    settled      benefits                            Discretionary    settled        benefits
                                                              performance       share      under the                            performance       share       under the
                                                                    related     option   2008 Share           Total                   related     option    2008 Share            Total
                                                       Fees       bonuses     benefits Award Scheme    remuneration      Fees       bonuses     benefits Award Scheme      remuneration
                                                    HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


                    Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF
                      (note (i))                          –              –           –             –              –      138               –           –              –            138
                    Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter
                      (note (ii))                         –              –           –             –              –         –              –           –              –               –
                    Professor WANG Yijiang             400               –           –             –           400       300             100           –              –            400
                    Mr. LAU Siu Ki                     400               –           –             –           400       300             100           –              –            400


                                                       800               –           –             –           800       738            200            –              –            938


                   No other emoluments were payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year
                   (2022: Nil).
                                                                   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023                             211

                                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                          31 December 2023




8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
  (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and chief executive
      The remuneration paid to executive directors, non-executive directors and chief executive during
      the year was as follows:


                                                                                                         Employee
                                                                                                       share-based
                                                                                                     compensation
                                                       Salaries,   Discretionary                           benefits
                                                    allowances      performance    Equity-settled        under the         Pension
                                                   and benefits          related    share option       2008 Share          scheme            Total
                                            Fees        in kind        bonuses#          benefits   Award Scheme      contributions   remuneration
                                         HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


       2023
       Executive directors:
         Ms. DU Juan                           –           600                –                –                –                3            603
         Mr. YAN Xiaolin                       –             –                –                –            3,195                –          3,195
         Mr. PENG Pan (note (iii))             –           277              151                –                –               27            455
         Mr. HU Dien Chien (note (iv))         –         1,247              594                –                –               22          1,863


                                               –         2,124              745                –            3,195               52          6,116


       Non-executive directors:
        Mr. WANG Cheng                        –               –               –                6            6,932                –          6,938
        Mr. SUN Li                            –               –               –                –            2,291                –          2,291
        Mr. LI Yuhao                        225               –              50                –                –                –            275


                                            225               –              50                6            9,223                –          9,504


       Chief executive:
        Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong                     –         1,532              764                2            4,621              126          7,045


                                            225          3,656            1,559                8           17,039              178         22,665
212   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
         (CONTINUED)
            (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and chief executive
                (continued)

                                                                                                                        Employee
                                                                                                                      share-based
                                                                                                                    compensation
                                                                      Salaries,   Discretionary                           benefits
                                                                   allowances     performance     Equity-settled        under the         Pension
                                                                  and benefits          related    share option       2008 Share          scheme            Total
                                                           Fees         in kind      bonuses#          benefits    Award Scheme      contributions   remuneration
                                                        HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


                       2022
                       Executive directors:
                         Ms. DU Juan                          –             –               –                 –                –                –              –
                         Mr. YAN Xiaolin                      –             –             100                 –            7,267                –          7,367
                         Mr. HU Dien Chien                    –         1,659           1,977                 –                –               29          3,665


                                                              –         1,659           2,077                 –            7,267               29         11,032


                       Non-executive directors:
                         Mr. WANG Cheng                       –              –            100                 6           15,763                –         15,869
                         Mr. Albert Thomas
                           DA ROSA, Junior (note (v))      104               –              –                 –                –                –            104
                         Mr. SUN Li                          –               –              –                 –            5,209                –          5,209
                         Mr. LI Yuhao                      225               –            100                 –                –                –            325


                                                           329               –            200                 6           20,972                –         21,507


                       Chief executive:
                         Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong                   –           932           2,784                 2           10,509             122          14,349


                                                           329          2,591           5,061                 8           38,748             151          46,888


                   #
                               The discretionary performance related bonuses for each of the financial year represents the
                               estimated amount of such bonuses determined based on the performance targets set for the relevant
                               individual director of the Company and chief executive, whereas the actual amount would only be
                               determined and paid after the end of the financial year with reference to the financial performance
                               of the Group and the performance of the individual director of the Company or chief executive and
                               subject to approval by the Board and/or the Remuneration Committee.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023       213

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2023




8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
  (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and chief executive
      (continued)
      Notes:


      (i)      Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF retired as an independent non-executive director of the Company
               with effect from 17 June 2022.


      (ii)     Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter agreed to waive his remuneration of HK$400,000 (2022:
               HK$400,000) as a independent non-executive director for the year ended 31 December 2023 and
               such remuneration will be donated by the Company for charity use.


      (iii)    Mr. PENG Pan was appointed as an executive director of the Company with the effect from 1 October
               2023.


      (iv)     Mr. HU Dien Chien resigned as an executive director of the Company with effect from 1 October
               2023.


      (v)      Mr. Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior retired as a non-executive director of the Company with effect
               from 17 June 2022.


      Save as disclosed in note (ii) above, there was no arrangement under which a director or chief
      executive of the Company returned, waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.

      Save as disclosed above, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any director or chief
      executive of the Company as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation
      for loss of office.

      During the year, there were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of (i) directors of
      the Company and of a holding company of the Company; (ii) bodies corporate controlled by such
      directors; (iii) entities connected with such directors and there were no consideration provided to
      or receivable by third parties for making available directors’ services.

      Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” under Report of the Directors
      in this annual report, none of the directors of the Company or their connected entities had a
      material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contract of
      significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries,
      holding companies or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the year ended 31 December 2023.

      The executive directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments shown above were paid for their services in
      connection with the management of affairs of the Company and the Group; and the non-executive directors’
      and independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of
      the Company, except for certain employee share-based compensation benefits under the 2008 Share Award
      Scheme paid to Mr. WANG Cheng, Mr. YAN Xiaolin and Mr. SUN Li during the years ended 31 December
      2023 and 2022, which represented the awarded shares of the Company granted as replacement of the
      incentives granted under the incentive scheme adopted by Falcon Network Technology, a subsidiary of the
      Company. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19 May 2021.
214   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      9. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
            The five highest paid employees during the year included two (2022: three) directors, details of whose
            remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration of the remaining three (2022:
            two) non-directors, highest paid employees for the year are as follows:


                                                                                            2023           2022
                                                                                        HK$’000        HK$’000


              Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                    3,265          2,025
              Discretionary performance related bonuses                                    1,423          2,784
              Equity-settled share option benefits                                                2             2
              Employee share-based compensation benefits under
                the 2008 Share Award Scheme                                               10,793         18,637
              Pension scheme contributions                                                   367              231


                                                                                          15,850         23,679


            During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five highest paid employees as an
            inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.


            The numbers of non-directors, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following
            bands are as follows:


                                                                                        Number of employees
                                                                                            2023           2022


              HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                        1             –
              HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                        1             –
              HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                        1             –
              HK$9,000,001 to HK$9,500,000                                                        –             1
              HK$14,000,001 to HK$15,000,000                                                      –             1


                                                                                                  3             2
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    215

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2023




10. ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
   In previous years, the Group entered into a land transfer agreement with the local government. The
   land was classified as assets held for sale and the transaction was completed in 2023.


11. INCOME TAX
   Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2022: 16.5%) on the estimated
   assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the period. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have
   been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the countries/jurisdictions in which the Group operates.


                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                                 (Restated)


    Current – Hong Kong
      Charge for the year                                                          11,097            7,449
      Underprovision/(overprovision) in prior years                                 5,580             (479)
    Current – Elsewhere
      Charge for the year                                                        344,021          356,102
      Underprovision in prior years                                                 9,260           47,357
    Deferred                                                                      (48,583)        (128,735)


    Total tax charge for the year                                                321,375          281,694
216   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      11. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
            A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory/applicable rates for
            the countries/jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to
            the tax expense at the effective tax rate is as follows:


                                                                                             2023             2022
                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                                         (Restated)


              Profit before tax                                                        1,148,184          835,528


              Tax at the statutory/applicable tax rates of different countries/
                jurisdictions                                                            370,401          545,199
              Lower tax rates for specific provinces or enacted by local authority      (183,288)         (140,666)
              Previously unrecognised tax losses used to reduce deferred tax
                expense                                                                          –         (16,127)
              Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods                    14,840           46,878
              Profits and losses attributable to joint ventures and associates            (22,257)         (21,439)
              Income not subject to tax                                                   (89,728)        (185,196)
              Super deduction of research and development expenditures                    (96,794)        (161,084)
              Expenses not deductible for tax                                            227,106          144,847
              Tax losses utilised from previous periods                                   (99,362)        (148,223)
              Tax losses not recognised                                                  200,457          217,505


              Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                   321,375          281,694


            The share of tax attributable to joint ventures and associates amounting to tax credit of HK$419,000
            (2022: tax credit of HK$2,613,000) and tax credit of HK$21,838,000 (2022: tax credit of
            HK$18,826,000), respectively, is included in “Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and
            associates” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


            In accordance with the relevant tax rules and regulations of the PRC, certain of the Group’s subsidiaries
            in the PRC enjoy a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15%, and two subsidiaries in the PRC enjoy
            a preferential corporate income tax rate of 10%.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   217

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2023




11. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
   Pillar Two income taxes
   As stated in note 2.2(d), the Group has applied the mandatory exception to recognising and disclosing
   information about deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from Pillar Two income taxes, and will
   account for the Pillar Two income taxes as current tax when incurred. Pillar Two legislation has
   been enacted or substantively enacted in certain jurisdictions in which the Group operates, and the
   legislation will be effective for the Group’s financial year beginning 1 January 2024.


   The Group is in the process of assessing the potential exposure arising from Pillar Two legislation
   based on the information available for the financial year ended 31 December 2023, as such, it may
   not be entirely representative of future circumstances. Based on the assessment carried out so
   far, the Group has preliminarily identified certain potential exposure in some jurisdictions where the
   assessment is still in progress. Quantitative information to indicate potential exposure to Pillar Two
   income taxes is currently not known or reasonably estimable. The Group continues to progress the
   assessment and expects to complete the assessment in the second half of financial year 2024.


12. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000


    Proposed final dividend – HK16.00 cents (2022: HK12.70 cents)
      per ordinary share                                                        401,211           317,472


                                                                                401,211           317,472


   The above amount of proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023 was calculated
   based on the number of shares of the Company as at 31 December 2023 for illustration. The proposed
   final dividend for the year is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the forthcoming
   annual general meeting (“AGM”). These consolidated financial statements do not reflect this dividend
   payable.
218   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      13. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
          EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
            The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable
            to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of the
            Company of 2,426,406,730 (2022: 2,412,318,560) in issue during the year.


            The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the year attributable
            to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the
            calculation is the number of ordinary shares of the Company in issue during the year, as used in the
            basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed
            to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential
            ordinary shares into ordinary shares.


            The calculations of the basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                             2023             2022
                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                                         (Restated)


              Earnings
              Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, used
                in the basic and diluted earnings per share calculations                  743,633         446,975


                                                                                           Number of shares
                                                                                             2023             2022


              Shares
              Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less shares held
                for the 2008 Share Award Scheme during the year used in the basic
                earnings per share calculation                                       2,426,406,730 2,412,318,560


              Effect of dilution – weighted average number of ordinary shares:
                Share options                                                              78,175          277,097
                Awarded shares                                                         51,501,651       89,246,219


              Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year
                used in the diluted earnings per share calculation                   2,477,986,556 2,501,841,876
                                                                  TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023            219

                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                           31 December 2023




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                              Furniture,
                                                                                fixtures
                                       Land and     Leasehold    Plant and          and      Motor    Construction
                                       buildings improvements    machinery    equipment    vehicles    in progress        Total
                                       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


   31 December 2023


   At 1 January 2023
     Cost                             2,345,919      504,242    2,180,670      971,693      19,392         14,539    6,036,455
     Accumulated depreciation and
       impairment                     (927,359)     (374,170)   (1,343,974)   (641,584)    (10,721)              –   (3,297,808)


   Net carrying amount                1,418,560      130,072      836,696      330,109       8,671         14,539    2,738,647


   At 1 January 2023, net of
     accumulated depreciation and
     impairment                       1,418,560      130,072      836,696      330,109       8,671         14,539    2,738,647
   Additions                              2,950        9,485       62,706       48,692       3,919         81,380      209,132
   Disposal of a subsidiary
     (note 42)                          (81,689)        (850)        (468)        (247)          –               –     (83,254)
   Disposals                                  –       (1,237)     (50,213)       (7,227)      (288)        (1,142)     (60,107)
   Transfers                              2,156        9,415       43,184       33,227           –        (87,982)            –
   Depreciation provided during the
     year                               (88,673)     (44,565)    (137,652)    (133,587)     (1,249)              –    (405,726)
   Impairment loss recognised                 –             –        (686)        (852)          –               –       (1,538)
   Exchange realignment                  (7,124)        (907)       (1,934)      (2,667)      (142)           (74)     (12,848)


   At 31 December 2023, net of
     accumulated depreciation and
     impairment                       1,246,180      101,413      751,633      267,448      10,911          6,721    2,384,306


   At 31 December 2023:
     Cost                             2,170,417      510,666    2,078,966     1,005,248     21,540          6,721    5,793,558
     Accumulated depreciation and
       impairment                     (924,237)     (409,253)   (1,327,333)   (737,800)    (10,629)              –   (3,409,252)


   Net carrying amount                1,246,180      101,413      751,633      267,448      10,911          6,721    2,384,306
220   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                                                                                     Furniture,
                                                                                       fixtures
                                              Land and     Leasehold   Plant and            and      Motor Construction
                                              buildings improvements   machinery    equipment      vehicles in progress       Total
                                              HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


              31 December 2022

              At 1 January 2022
                Cost                         2,430,229      514,000    2,244,894     913,068       21,922      235,426    6,359,539
                Accumulated depreciation
                  and impairment              (901,973)    (359,999) (1,427,643)    (595,345)     (13,574)            – (3,298,534)


              Net carrying amount            1,528,256      154,001     817,251      317,723        8,348      235,426    3,061,005


              At 1 January 2022, net of
                accumulated depreciation
                and impairment               1,528,256      154,001     817,251      317,723        8,348      235,426 3,061,005
              Additions                         18,505       20,337     100,701       90,980        2,391      214,187   447,101
              Disposals                           (137)      (1,916)    (43,989)      (4,117)        (488)      (1,972)  (52,619)
              Transfer to other intangible
                assets (note 18)                     –             –           –             –           –     (87,063)     (87,063)
              Transfer to other deferred
                assets                              –             –           –             –            –     (49,363)     (49,363)
              Transfers                        48,204        11,157     157,073        69,920            –    (286,354)           –
              Depreciation provided
                during the year                (97,483)     (43,682)    (138,352)   (120,975)        (949)           –     (401,441)
              Exchange realignment             (78,785)      (9,825)     (55,988)    (23,422)        (631)     (10,322)    (178,973)


              At 31 December 2022,
                net of accumulated
                depreciation and
                impairment                   1,418,560      130,072     836,696      330,109        8,671       14,539    2,738,647


              At 31 December 2022:
                Cost                         2,345,919      504,242    2,180,670     971,693       19,392       14,539    6,036,455
                Accumulated depreciation
                  and impairment              (927,359)    (374,170) (1,343,974)    (641,584)     (10,721)            – (3,297,808)


              Net carrying amount            1,418,560      130,072     836,696      330,109        8,671       14,539    2,738,647
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   221

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                          31 December 2023




15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                HK$’000         HK$’000


    Carrying amount at 1 January                                                545,800         569,177
    Depreciation provided during the year (note 7)                              (14,749)         (14,078)
    Exchange realignment                                                         13,479           (9,299)


    Carrying amount at 31 December                                              544,530         545,800


   The Group’s investment properties mainly consist of commercial property and industrial property
   located in Hong Kong, the PRC and Mexico with the carrying amounts of HK$11,446,000 (2022:
   HK$11,896,000), HK$417,252,000 (2022: HK$430,803,000) and HK$115,832,000 (2022:
   HK$103,101,000), respectively, and are held under operating lease arrangements.


   According to the valuation results provided by independent third parties, the fair values of the
   investment properties located in Hong Kong, the PRC and Mexico approximate to HK$103,600,000
   (2022: HK$106,600,000), HK$429,757,000 (2022: HK$476,053,000) and HK$286,256,000 (2022:
   HK$266,540,000), respectively.


16. LEASES
   The Group as a lessee
   The Group has lease contracts for various items of plant and properties, motor vehicles and other
   equipment used in its operations. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land
   from the owners with lease periods of 20 to 70 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the
   terms of these land leases. Leases of plant and properties generally have lease terms between 1 and
   10 years, while motor vehicles generally have lease terms between 2 and 5 years. Other equipment
   generally has lease terms of 12 months or less and/or is individually of low value.
222   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      16. LEASES (CONTINUED)
            (a) Right-of-use assets
                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are
                   as follows:


                                               Leasehold      Plant and      Motor         Other
                                                    land      properties   vehicles    equipment          Total
                                                HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000


                    As at 1 January 2022        649,861        427,853       1,786            30     1,079,530
                    Additions                          –       169,122       1,377             –       170,499
                    Depreciation charge          (12,965)     (190,698)     (1,093)          (43)     (204,799)
                    Lease modification                 –         (2,910)         –             –        (2,910)
                    Exchange realignment         (25,395)       (24,652)       (49)           13       (50,083)


                    As at 31 December
                      2022 and 1 January
                      2023                      611,501        378,715       2,021             –       992,237


                    Additions                          –       210,240         393            68       210,701
                    Depreciation charge          (11,744)     (196,229)     (1,204)            –      (209,177)
                    Deductions as a result
                      of disposal of a
                      subsidiary (note 42)     (128,442)              –          –             –      (128,442)
                    Lease modification                 –       (20,589)        (23)            –       (20,612)
                    Exchange realignment            (964)         2,218         73             –         1,327


                    As at 31 December
                      2023                      470,351        374,355       1,260            68       846,034
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   223

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2023




16. LEASES (CONTINUED)
   (b) Lease liabilities
         The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000


          As at 1 January                                                        409,741          460,504
          New leases                                                             206,771          150,478
          Lease modification                                                      (23,447)          (7,332)
          Accretion of interest recognised during the year                         17,024           18,041
          Payments                                                              (204,920)         (185,353)
          Exchange realignment                                                      2,147          (26,597)


          As at 31 December                                                      407,316          409,741


          Analysed into:
            Current portion                                                      163,836          153,915
            Non-current portion                                                  243,480          255,826


         The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 48 to the financial statements.


   (c)   The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000


          Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                 17,024             18,041
          Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                            209,177           204,799
          Expense relating to short-term leases and leases of
            low-value assets                                                    106,651             87,781
          Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                –           (1,277)


          Total amount recognised in profit or loss                             332,852           309,344
224   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      16. LEASES (CONTINUED)
            (d)    The total cash outflow for leases and future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet
                   commenced is disclosed in notes 43(c) and 44(b), respectively, to the financial statements.



                   The Group as a lessor
                   The Group leases its investment properties (note 15) consisting of various commercial and
                   industrial properties in Hong Kong, the PRC and Mexico under operating lease arrangements.
                   The terms of the leases generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for
                   periodic rent adjustments according to the then prevailing market conditions. Rental income
                   recognised by the Group during the year was HK$34,060,000 (2022: HK$22,250,000), details
                   of which are included in note 5 to the financial statements.


                   At 31 December, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods
                   under non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:


                                                                                              2023          2022
                                                                                         HK$’000        HK$’000


                    Within one year                                                          29,272       37,365
                    After one year but within two years                                      23,703       20,757
                    After two years but within three years                                   18,303       10,650
                    After three years but within four years                                  17,705       10,442
                    After four years but within five years                                   11,179       10,601
                    After five years                                                          1,771        6,303


                                                                                         101,933          96,118
                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   225

                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                    31 December 2023




17. GOODWILL
                                                                                           HK$’000


   At 1 January 2022:
     Cost                                                                                3,385,348
     Accumulated impairment                                                                 (63,032)


   Net carrying amount                                                                   3,322,316


   Cost at 1 January 2022, net of accumulated impairment                                 3,322,316
     Exchange realignment                                                                  (127,136)


   Cost and net carrying amount at 31 December 2022                                      3,195,180


   At 31 December 2022:
     Cost                                                                                3,258,212
     Accumulated impairment                                                                 (63,032)


   Net carrying amount                                                                   3,195,180


   Cost at 1 January 2023, net of accumulated impairment                                 3,195,180
     Exchange realignment                                                                    (1,541)


   Cost and net carrying amount at 31 December 2023                                      3,193,639


   At 31 December 2023:
     Cost                                                                                3,256,671
     Accumulated impairment                                                                 (63,032)


   Net carrying amount                                                                   3,193,639
226   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      17. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
            Impairment testing of goodwill
            Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following CGUs for impairment
            testing:


            •        PRC TV products with the TCL brand (“PRC TCL TV CGU”)
            •        Commercial display products (“Commercial Display Products CGU”)
            •        Falcon internet business (“Falcon Internet Business CGU”)
            •        Smart mobile, connective devices and services (“Smart Mobile, Connective devices and Services
                     CGU”)
            •        Brazil TV products with the TCL brand and other household products (“Brazil TCL TV and Other
                     Household Products CGU”)
            •        Others*


            *        The others represented certain CGUs which individually form an insignificant portion of the goodwill amount
                     of the Group.


            The recoverable amount of each CGU has been determined based on a value-in-use calculation
            using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved by
            senior management. The discount rate applied to cash flow projections and the growth rate used to
            extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year period of each CGU are as follows:


                                                                                                      2023              2022


                PRC TCL TV CGU                                      discount rate                      16%               16%
                                                                    growth rate                       2.3%                 3%
                Commercial Display Products CGU                     discount rate                      15%               15%
                                                                    growth rate                       2.3%                 3%
                Falcon Internet Business CGU                        discount rate                      14%               14%
                                                                    growth rate                       2.3%                 3%
                Smart Mobile, Connective devices and                discount rate                      14%               14%
                  Services CGU                                      growth rate                       2.3%                 3%
                Brazil TCL TV and Other Household                   discount rate                      18%               20%
                  Products CGU                                      growth rate                         3%                 3%
                Others                                              discount rate                      21%               21%
                                                                    growth rate                       2.3%                 3%
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      227

                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                31 December 2023




17. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
   Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)
   The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the CGUs is as follows:


                                                                        Smart        Brazil
                                                                       Mobile,      TCL TV
                                          Commercial      Falcon   Connective    and Other
                                             Display     Internet services and   Household
                             PRC TCL TV     Products    Business      Services    Products
                                   CGU          CGU         CGU          CGU          CGU      Others       Total
                               HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000


    As at 31 December 2022     340,531      251,437    1,076,995   1,260,399      252,838      12,980   3,195,180
    As at 31 December 2023     340,531      244,602    1,061,410   1,260,399      273,717      12,980   3,193,639


   Assumptions were used in the value-in-use calculation of all CGUs for 31 December 2023 and 31
   December 2022. The following describes each key assumption on which management has based its
   cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:


   Budgeted gross margins – The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted gross
   margins is the average gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget year,
   increased for expected efficiency improvements, and expected market development.


   Discount rates – The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to the
   relevant units.
228   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                       Patents                    Customer                  Deferred
                                                           and                 relationships   Computer development
                                                       licences   Trademarks    and others      software       costs        Total
                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000


              31 December 2023
              Cost at 1 January 2023, net of
                accumulated amortisation and
                impairment                            281,230       115,180       276,389       210,953     323,177     1,206,929
              Additions                                  1,793             –         2,043       12,284     348,706      364,826
              Transfer from other deferred assets            –             –              –     384,237            –     384,237
              Amortisation provided during the year    (33,885)     (27,436)       (53,833)      (65,869)   (359,597)   (540,620)
              Disposals                                 (1,359)            –              –       (6,429)          –       (7,788)
              Impairment during the year                      –     (21,927)              –            –           –      (21,927)
              Exchange realignment                        (324)       1,131           (186)       (4,432)     (4,608)      (8,419)


              At 31 December 2023                     247,455        66,948       224,413       530,744     307,678     1,377,238


              At 31 December 2023:
                Cost                                  450,909       407,178       435,630      1,114,851    348,414     2,756,982
                Accumulated amortisation and
                  impairment                          (203,454)    (340,230)      (211,217)    (584,107)     (40,736) (1,379,744)


              Net carrying amount                     247,455        66,948       224,413       530,744     307,678     1,377,238
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023          229

                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                  31 December 2023




18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
                                    Patents                    Customer                       Deferred
                                        and                 relationships      Computer    development
                                    licences   Trademarks     and others       software          costs         Total
                                   HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000


   31 December 2022
   Cost at 1 January 2022, net
     of accumulated amortisation
     and impairment                308,389       144,461        326,602        166,240        365,792    1,311,484
   Additions                          9,055             –        21,334         19,779        438,933      489,101
   Transfer from construction in
     progress                             –             –              –        87,063               –      87,063
   Acquisition of subsidiaries
     (note 41)                           37             –              –              –              –           37
   Amortisation provided during
     the year                       (33,894)     (29,078)       (64,855)        (44,125)     (450,970)    (622,922)
   Disposals                              –             –           (264)        (5,236)             –       (5,500)
   Exchange realignment              (2,357)        (203)         (6,428)       (12,768)      (30,578)      (52,334)


   At 31 December 2022             281,230       115,180        276,389        210,953        323,177    1,206,929


   At 31 December 2022:
     Cost                          451,254       406,173        435,616        744,046        553,344    2,590,433
     Accumulated amortisation
       and impairment              (170,024)    (290,993)      (159,227)       (533,093)     (230,167)   (1,383,504)


   Net carrying amount             281,230       115,180        276,389        210,953        323,177    1,206,929
230   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      19. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                        2023            2022
                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000


              Share of net assets                                                     87,128          96,363
              Goodwill on acquisition                                                 21,807          21,807


                                                                                     108,935         118,170
              Provision for impairment                                                 (7,712)         (7,712)


                                                                                     101,223         110,458


            The following table illustrates the aggregate summarised financial information of the Group’s joint
            ventures that are not individually material:


                                                                                        2023            2022
                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000


              Share of the joint ventures' profit/(loss) for the year                  (2,220)        26,784
              Share of the joint ventures' total comprehensive
                income/(loss) for the year                                             (2,439)        24,795
              Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments
                in the joint ventures                                                101,223         110,458


            The Group has discontinued the recognition of its share of losses of a joint venture, TCL-IMAX
            Entertainment Co., Ltd. during the year ended 31 December 2017 because the share of losses of
            the joint venture exceeded the Group’s interest in the relevant joint venture and the Group has no
            obligation to take up further losses.
                                                               TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023         231

                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                      31 December 2023




20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                               2023               2022
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


       Share of net assets                                                               1,087,929          1,192,663
       Goodwill on acquisition                                                              197,512           366,219


                                                                                         1,285,441          1,558,882

       Provision for impairment                                                             (32,884)                   –


                                                                                         1,252,557          1,558,882


   During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group disposed of its investment in an associate and
   no longer had its representative on the board of the associate. The investments was transferred to
   equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and a disposal gain of
   HK$18,536,000 was recognised in other income and gains.


   For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group assessed the recoverable amounts of the
   investments in associates at 31 December 2023 and as a result the carrying amounts of
   investments in these associates were written down to the recoverable amounts. Impairment losses of
   HK$32,884,000 were recognised in “Other operating expenses”.


   Particulars of the Group’s material associates are as follows:


                                                                                              Percentage
                                                                                            of ownership
                                                                              Place of           interest
                                                    Particulars of    Registration and    attributable to     Principal
       Name                                     registered capital            business         the Group      activities


       Amlogic (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.             RMB416,393,968                   PRC/               4.94        Note(a)
         (“Amlogic”)#                                                Chinese Mainland

       Huan Technology Co., Ltd.*                RMB52,989,648                   PRC/              34.00        Note(b)
         (“Huan Technology”)                                         Chinese Mainland

   *          The English name of the company is not official and is the direct translation from its Chinese name for
              identification purposes only.


   #
              Up to the date of approval of these financial statements, Amlogic has not yet disclosed its annual financial
              statements for the year ended 31 December 2023. The figures presented in the table below are extracted
              from financial information which was released publicly disclosed by Amlogic, with some information not being
              disclosed.


   All the associates have been accounted for using the equity method in these financial statements.
232   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
            Notes:


            (a)      Amlogic


                     Amlogic, which is considered as a material associate of the Group, is a strategic partner of the Group
                     engaged in the manufacture and trading of integrated circuits and other semiconductor services.


                     Although the Group holds less than 20% of the voting power of Amlogic, in the opinion of the directors, the
                     Group is in a position to exercise significant influence over Amlogic through its representation in the board
                     of directors and its participation in policy-making processes of Amlogic.


                     The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of Amlogic, adjusted for any differences
                     in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000


                      Net assets                                                                  5,990,191          5,349,565
                      Net assets, excluding goodwill                                              5,972,105          5,331,520


                      Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
                      Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                              4.94%             5.00%
                      Group’s share of net assets of the associate, excluding goodwill               295,022           266,576
                      Goodwill on acquisition                                                         18,086            18,045


                      Carrying amount of the investment                                              313,108           284,621


                      Revenue                                                                      5,959,409         6,439,630
                      Profit for the year                                                            515,499           809,922


                      Fair value of the Group’s investment in the associate                        1,420,429         1,632,000
                                                             TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023        233

                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                    31 December 2023




20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
   Notes: (continued)


   (b)      Huan Technology


            Huan Technology, which is considered a material associate of the Group, is a strategic partner of the Group
            engaged in internet platform operation. Huan Technology has become an associate of the Group since 1
            November 2019.


            The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of Huan Technology, adjusted for
            any differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial
            statements:


                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000


             Net assets                                                                 1,039,013            952,825
             Net assets, excluding goodwill                                               932,638            844,888


             Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
             Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                           34.00%             34.00%
             Group’s share of net assets of the associate, excluding goodwill             317,097            287,262
             Goodwill on acquisition                                                      106,375            107,937


             Carrying amount of the investment                                            423,472            395,199


             Revenue                                                                      805,603            802,744
             Profit for the year                                                          100,624             72,684
             Total comprehensive income for the year                                      100,624             72,684


   The following table illustrates the aggregate summarised financial information of the Group’s
   associates that are not individually material:


                                                                                             2023              2022
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


    Share of the associates' profit/(loss) for the year                                   33,209              (2,409)
    Share of the associates' other comprehensive income/(loss) for
         the year                                                                          (1,537)           24,567
    Share of the associates' total comprehensive income for the year                      31,672             22,158
    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in these
         associates                                                                      515,977           879,062
234   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      21. E Q U I T Y I N V E S T M E N T S D E S I G N A T E D A T F A I R V A L U E
          THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                    2023                2022
                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000


                Listed equity investments, at fair value
                  Beijing Digital Telecom Co., Ltd.                                                7,941              16,804


                                                                                                   7,941              16,804


                Unlisted equity investments, at fair value
                  Shenzhen Digital TV National Engineering Laboratory Co., Ltd.*                  11,165               9,146
                  Shanghai Digital TV National Engineering Research Center Co.,
                    Ltd.*                                                                          2,648               3,750
                  Shenzhen Zhongcailian Technology Co., Ltd.*                                      3,166               2,989
                  Shanghai Guanmu Investment Management Partnership (Limited
                    Partnership)*                                                                 87,939            121,397
                  RayNeo Co., Ltd.* (formerly known as
                    Falcon Innovations Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.)*                          88,603              13,619
                  Fengzhangqingyu Investment (Ningbo) Partnership (Limited
                    Partnership)*                                                                 22,276              22,603
                  Huizhou Kuyu Network Technology Co., Ltd.*                                      90,029                     –
                  Others                                                                           9,825              10,125


                                                                                                 315,651            183,629


                                                                                                 323,592            200,433


            *        The English names of the companies are not official and are the direct translation from their Chinese names
                     for identification purposes only.


            The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at fair value through other comprehensive
            income as the Group considers that these investments are strategic in nature.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    235

                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                              31 December 2023




22. INVENTORIES
                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000


    Raw materials                                                               5,136,579         3,255,196
    Work in progress                                                              416,853           398,544
    Finished goods                                                              6,658,092         6,183,574


                                                                              12,211,524          9,837,314



23. TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                  Note            HK$’000           HK$’000


    Due from third parties                                                    11,792,769          8,146,870


    Due from related parties:
         Companies controlled by TCL Industries Holdings           (a)          2,092,248           154,659
         Affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings                     (a)            379,120           184,501
         Companies controlled by TCL Technology                    (a)            647,213           521,234
         Affiliates of TCL Technology                              (a)                    –           28,804
         Joint ventures                                            (a)            535,761           388,213
         Associates                                                (a)            399,745         1,752,743


                                                                                4,054,087         3,030,154


    Impairment allowance                                                         (298,968)          (241,943)


                                                                              15,547,888         10,935,081


   Note:


   (a)      As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the amounts were interest-free, unsecured and repayable within one
            year.


   The majority of the Group’s sales in the PRC are conducted on a cash-on-delivery basis or on
   commercial bills guaranteed by banks within credit periods ranging from 30 to 90 days. For overseas
   sales, the Group usually requires settlement by letters of credit with tenures ranging from 90 to 180
   days. Sales to certain long-term strategic customers were made on the open-account basis with credit
   terms of no more than 180 days.
236   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      23. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
            Save for those amounts due from the related parties, in view of the aforementioned and the fact that
            the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant
            concentration of credit risk. The Group holds a commercial property from a group of customers as
            collaterals for trade receivables of HK$354,540,000 (2022: HK$359,746,000) due by them with
            interest-bearing at 3% (2022:3%) per annum. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit
            enhancements over its remaining trade receivables. The remaining trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.


            Included in the Group’s trade receivables are (i) receivables to be factored of HK$910,616,000 (2022:
            HK$315,207,000), and (ii) the assets and the associated liabilities representing the extent of the
            Group’s continuing involvement in the factored trade receivables of which the Group neither retained
            nor transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards, amounting to HK$26,964,000 (2022:
            HK$25,106,000). The above receivables are classified as financial assets at fair value through profit
            or loss. The remaining trade receivables with a gross carrying amount of HK$14,909,276,000 (2022:
            HK$10,836,711,000) are measured at amortised cost.


            An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
            date, is as follows:


                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


              Current to 90 days                                                        10,740,047         8,349,202
              91 to 180 days                                                              3,186,071        1,672,728
              181 to 365 days                                                               916,826          324,001
              Over 365 days                                                               1,003,912          831,093


                                                                                        15,846,856        11,177,024
              Impairment allowance                                                         (298,968)        (241,943)


                                                                                        15,547,888        10,935,081


            The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:


                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


              At beginning of year                                                          241,943          188,041
              Impairment losses, net (note 7)                                               123,523           83,408
              Amount written off as uncollectible                                           (68,246)          (14,050)
              Exchange realignment                                                            1,748           (15,456)


              At end of year                                                                298,968          241,943
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   237

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                         31 December 2023




23. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
   An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure
   ECLs. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments
   with similar loss patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of
   money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past
   events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.


   Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables
   measured at amortised cost using a provision matrix:


   As at 31 December 2023
                                                        Gross
                                                      carrying
                                                      amount           Ratio          ECLs       ECL rate
                                                     HK$’000                      HK$’000             (%)


    Individual provision for ECLs                    326,299           2.2%        208,081        63.77%
    Provision for ECLs based on the credit risk
      characteristics group                       14,582,977          97.8%         90,887          0.62%


    Total                                         14,909,276         100.0%        298,968          2.01%


   As at 31 December 2022
                                                        Gross
                                                      carrying
                                                      amount           Ratio          ECLs        ECL rate
                                                     HK$’000                      HK$’000              (%)


    Individual provision for ECLs                    336,041           3.1%        154,351        45.93%
    Provision for ECLs based on the credit risk
      characteristics group                       10,500,670          96.9%         87,592          0.83%


    Total                                         10,836,711         100.0%        241,943          2.23%
238   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      23. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
            Set out below is the information about provision for expected credit loss of trade receivables based on
            the credit risk characteristics group:


            As at 31 December 2023
                                                                 Gross carrying
              Past due                                                   amount             ECLs         ECL rate
                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000               (%)


              Within one year                                       14,050,579           22,093            0.16%
              After one year                                           532,398           68,794           12.92%


              Total                                                 14,582,977           90,887            0.62%


            As at 31 December 2022
                                                                  Gross carrying
              Past due                                                   amount             ECLs         ECL rate
                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000               (%)


              Within one year                                       10,025,437           36,258            0.36%
              After one year                                           475,233           51,334           10.80%


              Total                                                 10,500,670           87,592            0.83%
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   239

                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                         31 December 2023




24. BILLS RECEIVABLE
                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000


    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income        3,458,107       2,219,329


                                                                             3,458,107       2,219,329



25. CONTRACT ASSETS
                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000


    Contract assets arising from:
      Sale of products                                                         109,441                  –
      Construction services                                                     38,342                  –


    Total                                                                      147,783                  –


    Impairment                                                                      (81)                –


    Net carrying amount                                                        147,702                  –


   The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 December is as follows:


                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000


    Within one year                                                            147,702                  –
240   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      25. CONTRACT ASSETS (CONTINUED)
            The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of contract assets are as follows:


                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000


              At beginning of year                                                               –             –
              Impairment losses (note 7)                                                     81                –


              At end of year                                                                 81                –


            Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s contract assets using a
            provision matrix:


                                                                                         2023              2022


              Expected credit loss rate                                                 0.05%                  –
              Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                                         147,783                  –
              ECLs (HK$’000)                                                                81                 –



      26. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                         Notes         HK$’000         HK$’000


              Prepayments and deposits                                                 627,798          188,778
              Other receivables                                           (a)        3,048,026        3,620,104
              VAT receivables                                                        2,261,525        2,585,102
              Dividend receivable                                                         8,748          19,639
              Interest receivable                                                        50,289          12,780
              Due from companies controlled by TCL Industries Holdings    (b)        2,075,365        2,632,679
              Due from affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings              (b)        1,843,811           34,475
              Due from companies controlled by TCL Technology             (c)          426,553           44,280
              Due from affiliates of TCL Technology                       (c)                    –        2,449
              Due from associates                                         (c)            17,048          84,124


                                                                                    10,359,163        9,224,410
              Impairment allowance                                                    (215,454)        (204,741)


                                                                                    10,143,709        9,019,669
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023        241

                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                  31 December 2023




26. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
    (CONTINUED)
   Notes:


   (a)      As at 31 December 2023, no amount (2022: HK$209,075,000) was pledged for certain discounted bills.


   (b)      The relevant balance of advance to TCL Industries Holdings under the meaning of Chapter 13 of the
            Listing Rules amounted to approximately HK$3,919,176,000 (2022: HK$2,667,154,000), out of which: (i)
            approximately HK$1,168,053,000 (2022: HK$549,851,000) was deposits placed with TCL Finance (Hong
            Kong) Co., Limited and/or TCL Industries Holdings Financial Services Associates pursuant to the Master
            Financial (2022-2024) Agreement dated 11 November 2021 entered into among the Company, TCL Industries
            Holdings and TCL Finance (Hong Kong) Co., Limited with interest rates ranging from 0.0001% to 4.79%
            (2022: 0.01% to 3.30%) per annum and repayable within one year and without collateral; (ii) approximately
            HK$413,738,000 (2022: HK$680,320,000) was loans provided by the Group to Qualified Holdings Group (as
            defined in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021) pursuant to the Master Financial
            (2022-2024) Agreement dated 11 November 2021 entered into among the Company, TCL Industries Holdings
            and TCL Finance (Hong Kong) Co., Limited with interest rates at 4.50% (2022: 4.00% to 8.00%) per annum
            and repayable within one year and without collateral; and (iii) approximately HK$2,337,385,000 (2022:
            HK$1,436,983,000) was other receivables from TCL Industries Holdings Group arising from non-trading
            nature transactions which were interest-free, unsecured and repayable within one year. For details of the
            Master Financial (2022-2024) Agreement, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 11 November
            2021 and the circular dated 22 November 2021.


   (c)      As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the amounts were interest-free, unsecured and repayable within one
            year.


   The Group has classified certain other receivables amounting to HK$250,764,000 (2022:
   HK$76,136,000) as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss as these items are
   held for trading. The remaining amounts are measured at amortised cost.


   ECLs are estimated for other receivables and amounts due from related companies by applying a loss
   rate approach with reference to the historical loss records of the Group. The loss rate is adjusted to
   reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate.


   The credit quality of the financial assets included in the line items of prepayments, other receivables
   and other assets is considered to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information
   indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.
   Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”. Set out below is
   the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s other receivables and amounts due from
   related companies:
242   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      26. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
          (CONTINUED)
            As at 31 December 2023


                                                                           Normal         Doubtful        Total


              ECL rate                                                      0.04%          95.46%        2.92%
              Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                          7,147,072          222,817     7,369,889
              ECLs (HK$’000)                                                2,752         212,702      215,454


            As at 31 December 2022


                                                                           Normal         Doubtful         Total


              ECL rate                                                      0.10%           7.26%        3.19%
              Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                          3,645,037        2,773,074     6,418,111
              ECLs (HK$’000)                                                3,543         201,198      204,741


            None of the above assets is either past due or impaired. The financial assets included in the above
            balances relate to the receivables for which there was no recent history of default.


            The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of financial assets included in prepayments, other
            receivables and other assets are as follows:


                                                                                             2023         2022
                                                                                          HK$’000      HK$’000


              At beginning of year                                                        204,741      216,556
              Impairment losses, net (note 7)                                              15,127        8,112
              Amount written off as uncollectible                                           (1,607)      (8,776)
              Reversal of amount written off as uncollectible in previous years             1,640             –
              Disposal of subsidiaries                                                        (865)           –
              Exchange realignment                                                          (3,582)     (11,151)


              At end of year                                                              215,454      204,741
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   243

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                           31 December 2023




27. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
    LOSS
                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000


    Trust products and financial products issued by commercial banks             943,102       1,266,076


28. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED CASH AND
    PLEDGED DEPOSITS
                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000


    Cash and bank balances                                                   10,736,877        9,390,941
    Restricted cash and pledged deposits                                          57,432         119,555


                                                                             10,794,309        9,510,496


    Less: Restricted cash and pledged deposits:
           – for factored trade receivables                                        2,629           69,746
           – for banking facilities and other financial instruments               19,696           22,672
           – others restricted cash and pledged deposits                          35,107           27,137


    Cash and cash equivalents                                                10,736,877        9,390,941


   As at 31 December 2023, the cash and bank balances of the Group denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”)
   amounted to HK$3,906,545,000 (2022: HK$4,015,498,000). RMB is not freely convertible into other
   currencies, however, under Chinese Mainland’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration
   of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange
   RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.


   Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time
   deposits are made for varying periods of between one day and three months depending on the
   immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short term time deposit
   rates. The bank balances, restricted cash and pledged deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks
   with no recent history of default.


   As at 31 December 2023, included in the Group’s cash and bank balances were deposits of
   HK$226,000 (2022: HK$335,850,000), placed with TCL Technology Finance Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of
   TCL Technology and a financial institution approved by the People’s Bank of China.
244   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      29. TRADE PAYABLES
                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                    Note           HK$’000            HK$’000


              Due to third parties                                                              11,838,216          8,053,031


              Due to related parties:
                  Companies controlled by TCL Industries Holdings                    (a)         2,208,371          2,528,936
                  Affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings                              (a)           398,403            622,568
                  Companies controlled by TCL Technology                             (a)         3,812,639          2,187,509
                  Affiliates of TCL Technology                                       (a)                    –           16,430
                  Joint ventures                                                     (a)           122,124              68,267
                  Associates                                                         (a)           735,921            610,204


                                                                                                 7,277,458          6,033,914


                                                                                                19,115,674        14,086,945


            Note:


            (a)      As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the amounts were interest-free, unsecured and repayable within one
                     year.


                     An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is
                     as follows:


                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000


                      Current to 90 days                                                         15,712,598         11,589,314
                      91 to 180 days                                                              2,502,257          1,920,841
                      181 to 365 days                                                               731,302            382,203
                      Over 365 days                                                                 169,517            194,587


                                                                                                 19,115,674         14,086,945



                     The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled within credit periods ranging from 30 to
                     120 days.
                                                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023         245

                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                       31 December 2023




30. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                          Notes           HK$’000            HK$’000


    Other payables                                                          (a)         8,583,429          6,991,280
    Advanced receipts                                                                         7,885              7,739
    Accruals                                                                            2,358,361          2,026,575
    Dividend payable                                                                              16                   18
    Contract liabilities                                                    (b)         1,267,355          1,342,829
    Due to companies controlled by TCL Industries Holdings                  (c)            918,558            950,582
    Due to affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings                            (c)         1,746,137              44,763
    Due to companies controlled by TCL Technology                           (c)            220,066             78,110
    Due to affiliates of TCL Technology                                     (c)                    –           10,926
    Due to associates                                                       (c)               6,910            72,396
    Due to a joint venture                                                  (c)                   71                    –


                                                                                       15,108,788         11,525,218


   Notes:


   (a)      The other payables are non-interest-bearing and are expected to be settled within one year.


   (b)      Details of contract liabilities are as follows:


                                                                    31 December        31 December            1 January
                                                                           2023               2022                2022
                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000


             Short-term advances received from customers
             Sale of goods                                             1,157,314          1,245,818          2,078,712
             Video-on-demand services                                    110,041             97,011             78,295


             Total contract liabilities                                1,267,355          1,342,829          2,157,007


            Contract liabilities include short-term advances received to deliver goods and video-on-demand services.


   (c)      As at 31 December 2023, amounts due to companies controlled by TCL Industries Holdings of HK$241,290,000
            were interest-bearing at 0.05% to 4.65% per annum. The remaining amounts were interest-free, unsecured and
            repayable within one year. As at 31 December 2022, the amounts were interest-free, unsecured and repayable
            within one year.
246   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      31. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                            2023             2022
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


              Non-current assets
              Call option                                                                  1,071                  –


              Current assets
              Forward currency contracts                                                  41,359         335,448
              Call options and put options                                              146,245          244,536


                                                                                        187,604          579,984


              Total                                                                     188,675          579,984


              Current liabilities
              Forward currency contracts                                                  96,518         134,214


                                                                                          96,518         134,214


            Cash flow hedge – Foreign currency risk
            Foreign currency forward contracts are designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges of
            forecast sales in BRL/EUR/GBP/MXN/CAD/AUD/JPY/RMB/RUB and forecast purchases in the USD,
            These forecast transactions are highly probable, and they comprise about 100% of the Group’s
            total expected sales in BRL/EUR/GBP/MXN/CAD/AUD/JPY/RMB/RUB and purchases in USD. The
            foreign exchange forward contract balances vary with the level of expected foreign currency sales and
            purchases and changes in foreign exchange forward rates.


            There is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging instruments as the terms
            of the foreign exchange forward match the terms of the expected highly probable forecast transactions
            (i.e., notional amount and expected payment date). To measure the hedge effectiveness, the Group
            uses the hypothetical derivative method and compares the changes in the fair value of the hedging
            instruments against the changes in fair value of the hedged items attributable to the hedged risks.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023               247

                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                           31 December 2023




31. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Cash flow hedge – Foreign currency risk (continued)
   Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from:


   •         Differences in the timing of the cash flows of the forecasted sales and purchases and the
             hedging instruments
   •         Different interest rate curves applied to discount the hedged items and hedging instruments
   •         The counterparties’ credit risks differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging
             instruments and hedged items
   •         Changes to the forecasted amounts of cash flows of hedged items and hedging instruments


   The Group holds the following foreign exchange forward contracts:


                                                                    Less than                     3 to
                                                                    3 months               6 months                   Total


   As at 31 December 2023
   Foreign currency forward contracts (highly probable
       forecast sales) Notional amount (in HK$’000)                  299,303                235,742               535,045
   Foreign currency forward contracts (highly probable
       forecast purchases) Notional amount (in HK$’000)            1,978,463                          –        1,978,463


   The impacts of the hedging instruments on the statement of financial position are as follows:


                                                                                                                   Change in
                                                                                                              fair value used
                                                                                           Line item in        for measuring
                                                                                        the statement                  hedge
                                                 Notional          Carrying                 of financial      ineffectiveness
                                                  amount           amount                      position          for the year
                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000                                           HK$’000


       As at 31 December 2023
       Foreign currency forward contracts        220,004             1,599         Derivative financial                  233
         (highly probable forecast sales)                                        instruments (assets)
       Foreign currency forward contracts        315,041          (10,032)         Derivative financial             (45,700)
         (highly probable forecast sales)                                      instruments (liabilities)
       Foreign currency forward contracts               –                –         Derivative financial              32,698
         (highly probable forecast purchases)                                    instruments (assets)
       Foreign currency forward contracts       1,978,463         (25,910)         Derivative financial             102,262
         (highly probable forecast purchases)                                  instruments (liabilities)
248   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      31. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Cash flow hedge – Foreign currency risk (continued)
            The impacts of the hedged items on the statement of financial position are as follows:


                                                                                          Change in fair value
                                                                                             used for measuring
                                                                                      hedge ineffectiveness                                  Cash flow
                                                                                                    for the year                       hedge reserve
                                                                                                            HK$’000                          HK$’000


              Year ended 31 December 2023
              Highly probable forecast sales                                                                (45,467)                             (6,001)
              Highly probable forecast purchases                                                            134,960                           (11,668)


            The effects of the cash flow hedge on the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
            are as follows:


                                                                                                      Amount reclassified from
                                                   Total hedging (loss)/gain recognised             other comprehensive income
                                                     in other comprehensive income                           to profit or loss                     Line item
                                                     Gross                                         Gross               Tax                   (gross amount)
                                                    amount       Tax effect          Total        amount             effect         Total    in profit or loss
                                                   HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000


              Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                                             Revenue/Other
              Highly probable forecast sales       (45,467)        11,015         (34,452)        46,091            (8,160)       37,931              income
              Highly probable forecast purchases   134,960               –        134,960       (156,319)                 –      (156,319)     Cost of sales
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023               249

                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                         31 December 2023




31. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Fair value hedge – Foreign currency risk
   Foreign currency forward contracts are designated as hedging instruments in fair value hedges of
   accounts receivable in USD from certain subsidiaries which functional currency is RMB. There is an
   economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument as the terms of the foreign
   currency forward contracts match the terms of accounts receivables.


   The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the foreign currency
   risk of the foreign currency forward contracts is identical to that of the hedged risk component. To test
   the hedge effectiveness, the Group uses the hypothetical derivative method and compares the changes
   in the fair value of the hedging instrument against the changes in fair value of the hedged item
   attributable to the hedged risk.


   Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from:


   •       Differences in the timing of the fair value of the hedged item and the hedging instrument


   •       The counterparties’ credit risks differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging
           instruments and hedged items


   The impact of the hedging instrument on the statement of financial position is as follows:


                                                                                                                 Change in
                                                                                                            fair value used
                                                                                         Line item in        for measuring
                                                                                      the statement                  hedge
                                               Notional          Carrying                 of financial      ineffectiveness
                                                amount           amount                      position          for the year
                                               HK$’000          HK$’000                                           HK$’000


   As at 31 December 2023
   Foreign currency forward contracts        3,829,007            (5,301)        Derivative financial            (165,500)
                                                                             instruments (liabilities)
250   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      31. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Fair value hedge – Foreign currency risk (continued)
            The impact of the hedged item on the statement of financial position is as follows:


                                                                                                               Change in
                                                                                                          fair value used
                                                                                          Line item in     for measuring
                                                                                        the statement              hedge
                                                        Notional        Carrying           of financial   ineffectiveness
                                                         amount         amount                position       for the year
                                                        HK$’000        HK$’000                                  HK$’000


            As at 31 December 2023
            Foreign accounts receivable               3,829,007       3,829,007    Accounts receivable          135,406


            Non-hedging currency derivatives
            In addition, the Group has entered into various forward currency contracts to manage its exchange rate
            exposures. They are not designated for hedge purposes and are measured at fair value through profit
            or loss. Net loss of HK$198,944,000 (2022: net gain of HK$176,344,000) as a result of the changes
            in the fair value of these non-hedging derivative financial contracts were recognised in profit or loss for
            the year ended 31 December 2023.


            Call options and put options
            (1) TCL Call Options, TCL Put Options and RV Holdcos Call Options
                    On 29 June 2018, the Group entered into new shareholders’ agreement with Radio Victoria
                    Argentina S.A. (“RVF”), Sontec Argentina S.A. (“Sontec”) and the sellers (the “Sellers”) of RVF
                    and Sontec, pursuant to which the Group was granted with:

                    Call options (“TCL Call Options”) whereby the Group has the discretion to acquire additional
                    equity interest in RVF and/or Sontec, subject to the total shareholding of the Group not
                    exceeding 49% shareholding of RVF and/or Sontec at any time, at a consideration based on the
                    net book value with reference to audited financial statements of RVF and Sontec respectively
                    for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of the exercise, which is exercisable at any
                    time within 8 years after the closing date of acquisition of RVF and Sontec (the “RVF and Sontec
                    Acquisition”).
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     251

                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                          31 December 2023




31. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Call options and put options (continued)
   (1) TCL Call Options, TCL Put Options and RV Holdcos Call Options
       (continued)
       Put options (“TCL Put Options”) whereby the Group has the discretion to dispose of all equity
       interest in RVF and/or Sontec at a consideration based on the net book value with reference
       to audited financial statements of RVF and Sontec respectively for the fiscal year immediately
       preceding the date of the exercise, which is exercisable at any time after 2 years and within 8
       years of the RVF and Sontec Acquisition.

       As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the fair values of options were determined by Asset
       Appraisal Limited based on the Black-Scholes Options Pricing Model. The key inputs into the
       model for the values of the options are as follows:


                                                                              TCL Call Options and
                                                                                  Put Options
                                                                                 2023             2022


        Maturity (year)                                                             2.5              3.5
        Risk-free rate (%)                                                          4.2              4.2
        Volatility (%)                                                             41.2             45.4


       Pursuant to the new shareholders’ agreement, the Group also granted call options (“RV Holdcos
       Call Options”) to the Sellers whereby the Sellers have the discretion to acquire all equity interest
       in RVF and/or Sontec at a consideration based on:

       the higher of (i) the net book value with reference to audited financial statements of RVF and
       Sontec respectively for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of the exercise and (ii) the
       investment cost of the Group plus a compounded annual rate of return as stipulated, which is
       exercisable within 180 days starting from 4 years after the RVF and Sontec Acquisition; or

       the higher of (i) the net book value with reference to audited financial statements of RVF and
       Sontec respectively for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of the exercise and (ii) the
       fair market value of the equity interests of RVF and Sontec, which is exercisable within 60 days
       starting from the date on which the percentage of shareholding of the Group in RVF and Sontec
       falls below 5%.

       In 2022, RV Holdcos Call Options were not exercised which were expired in December 2022.
       Gain on expiration of the option recognised in profit or loss of was HK$17,579,000.
252   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      31. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Call options and put options (continued)
            (2) TCL SEMP Call Option
                   On 20 July 2020 (Sao Paulo time) (21 July 2020 (Hong Kong time)), the Group entered into the
                   shareholders’ agreement with STA, TCL SEMP and Affonso Brandão Hennel, pursuant to which
                   the Group was granted a call option by STA (“TCL SEMP Call Option”), whereby the Group has
                   the right to purchase all, but not less than all, of the remaining 20% equity interest of TCL SEMP
                   held by STA at the exercise price based on the adjusted net book value of TCL SEMP on the date
                   of exercise, which is exercisable within 3 years since the date of above mentioned shareholders’
                   agreement.


                   On 7 July 2023, the Group, STA, TCL SEMP and Affonso Brandão Hennel entered into the New
                   Shareholders’ Agreement in respect of TCL SEMP, pursuant to which, the TCL SEMP Call Option
                   and the Put Option was terminated in its entirety; and STA granted the New Call Option (“New
                   TCL SEMP Call Option”) to the Group and the Group granted the New Put Option (“New TCL
                   SEMP Put Option”) to STA, pursuant to which both parties would have the right to purchase
                   from the other, and the counterparty would be obliged to sell, all but not less than all, of the
                   remaining 25% equity interest of TCL SEMP at the purchase price based on the audited net book
                   value of TCL SEMP on the date of exercise, which is exercisable upon occurrence of any trigger
                   event, and the New TCL SEMP Put Option’s purchase price is subject to a maximum price of
                   R$1,200,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$1,935,960,000).


                   As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of the call option was determined by Labeo Finance (31
                   December 2022: Cosmos Advisors) based on the Monte Carlo simulation model. The key inputs
                   into the model for the value of the call option are as follows:


                                                                                             2023             2022
                                                                                         New TCL                TCL
                                                                                        SEMP Call        SEMP Call
                                                                                            Option           Option


                    Maturity (year)                                                           49.5              0.5
                    Risk-free rate (%)                                                         3.9              3.9
                    Volatility (%)                                                            34.6            34.6
                                                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023           253

                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                           31 December 2023




32. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES ASSOCIATED WITH PUT OPTION
                                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000


    Measured at amortised cost:
      Current: Redemption liability arising from TCL SEMP
         Put Option                                                                                    –         160,667
      Non-current: Redemption liability arising from New TCL SEMP
         Put Option                                                                              269,001                –


   The amounts represented financial liabilities associated with put options granted to the non-controlling
   shareholder of TCL SEMP.


33. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                 31 December 2023                            31 December 2022

                                      Contractual                                 Contractual
                                     interest rate                               interest rate
                                              (%)      Maturity      HK$’000              (%)         Maturity     HK$’000


    Current
    Bank loans – unsecured           0.60 to 6.64         2024      4,344,214    0.88 to 5.99           2023     4,408,518
    Advances from banks as
      consideration for factored
      trade receivables              4.81 to 6.47         2024        26,964     0.70 to 5.77           2023        25,106
    Loans from a company
      controlled by TCL Industries
      Holdings                       3.05 to 3.15         2024       551,650                –                –           –


                                                                    4,922,828                                    4,433,624


    Non-current
    Bank loans – unsecured           2.40 to 3.20 2025 – 2026        888,826     1.46 to 4.75 2024 – 2028        1,029,459


                                                                     888,826                                     1,029,459


                                                                    5,811,654                                    5,463,083
254   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      33. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


              Analysed into:
              Bank loans repayable:
                  Within one year or on demand                                              4,371,178        4,433,624
                  In the second year                                                          665,290          250,287
                  In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                      223,536          738,870
                  After five years                                                                    –         40,302


                                                                                            5,260,004        5,463,083


              Analysed into:
              Other loans repayable:
                  Within one year or on demand                                                551,650                  –


                                                                                            5,811,654        5,463,083


            Notes:


            (a)      As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the carrying amounts of the Group’s bank and other borrowings
                     approximated to their fair values.


            (b)      TCL Technology has individually guaranteed certain of the Group’s bank loans of up to HK$80,888,000
                     (2022: HK$123,114,000) and TCL Industries Holdings has individually guaranteed certain of the Group’s
                     bank loans of up to HK$4,006,479,000 (2022: HK$3,374,453,000) as at the end of the reporting period.


            Included in bank and other loans are the following amounts denominated in currencies other than the
            functional currencies of the entities to which they relate:


                                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


              USD                                                                           1,701,426        3,118,233
              RMB                                                                           4,106,574        2,343,041
              EUR                                                                               3,654             1,656
              MXN                                                                                     –             153


                                                                                            5,811,654        5,463,083
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     255

                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2023




34. PROVISIONS
                                                         Restructuring          Pending
                                           Warranties             costs        litigation             Total
                                              HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000


    At 1 January 2023                       1,004,009              534            2,999         1,007,542
    Additional provision                    1,237,534                 –         24,168          1,261,702
    Reversal of unutilised amounts           (435,231)                –        (22,376)          (457,607)
    Amount utilised during the year          (763,404)                –            (566)         (763,970)
    Exchange realignment                        4,190               64              238              4,492


    At 31 December 2023                     1,047,098              598            4,463         1,052,159


   Warranties
   The Group provides warranties ranging from one to five years to its customers on certain of its
   electronic products, under which faulty products are repaired or replaced. The amount of the provision
   for the warranties is estimated based on sales volumes and past experience of the level of repairs and
   returns. The estimation basis is reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised where appropriate.


   Restructuring costs
   The restructuring costs were mainly related to the redundancy costs incurred for a streamlined business
   model.


   Pending litigation
   Provision has been provided based on the best estimate of the litigation compensation.
256   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      35. DEFERRED TAX
            The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:


            Deferred tax liabilities
                                                          Depreciation                    Fair value
                                                            allowance                  adjustments
                                                            in excess                   arising from
                                                            of related   Changes in      acquisition   Right-of-use   Deferred
                                                          depreciation    fair value of subsidiaries        assets     income       Total
                                                             HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000


              At 31 December 2021                               1,132        3,071         328,270               –      9,373    341,846
              Effect of adoption of amendments to
                HKAS 12 (note 2.2)                                   –            –               –        75,644            –    75,644


              At 1 January 2022 (restated)                      1,132        3,071         328,270         75,644       9,373    417,490
              Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 41)                  –            –               9              –           –         9
              Deferred tax charged/(credited) to profit
                or loss during the year (restated)                 61       26,703          (13,857)      (10,804)     (2,342)      (239)
              Deferred tax charged to other
                comprehensive income during the year                 –      20,703                –              –           –    20,703
              Exchange realignment                                   –      (2,603)          (1,298)        2,463      (2,697)    (4,135)


              Gross deferred tax liabilities at
                31 December 2022 (restated)                     1,193       47,874         313,124         67,303       4,334    433,828
              Deferred tax charged/(credited) to profit
                or loss during the year                            47       (7,221)        (13,959)         (2,172)    78,156     54,851
              Deferred tax charged to other
                comprehensive income during the year                 –      12,203                –              –           –    12,203
              Exchange realignment                                   –         (40)             367           (281)      (498)      (452)


              Gross deferred tax liabilities at
                31 December 2023                                1,240       52,816         299,532         64,850      81,992    500,430
                                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023               257

                                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                      31 December 2023




35. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
   The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows: (continued)


   Deferred tax assets
                                          Elimination                      Losses
                                         of unrealised                available for                    Fair value
                                               profits                  offsetting                  adjustments
                                         arising from     Accruals         against                   arising from
                                           intra-group   and other future taxable     Changes in      acquisition       Lease
                                         transactions    provisions         profits    fair value of subsidiaries   liabilities      Total
                                             HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000


    At 31 December 2021                       84,178      220,300          31,324              –             990             –    336,792
    Effect of adoption of amendments
      to HKAS 12 (note 2.2)                         –            –               –             –               –      79,179       79,179


    At 1 January 2022 (restated)              84,178      220,300          31,324              –             990      79,179      415,971
    Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
      profit or loss during
      the year (restated)                     28,447       84,084          23,731         4,118             (990)    (10,894)     128,496
    Deferred tax credited/(charged)
      to other comprehensive income
      during the year                               –        4,352               –       (1,888)               –             –      2,464
    Exchange realignment                            –       (9,769)        (1,607)          (11)               –             –    (11,387)


    Gross deferred tax assets at 31
      December 2022 (restated)               112,625      298,967          53,448         2,219                –      68,285      535,544
    Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
      profit or loss during the year            8,802     105,784         (15,705)        4,957                –         (404)    103,434
    Deferred tax credited/(charged)
      to other comprehensive income
      during the year                               –       (1,828)              –        6,048                –             –      4,220
    Exchange realignment                            –        4,291          3,431           144                –         (305)      7,561


    Gross deferred tax assets at
      31 December 2023                       121,427      407,214          41,174        13,368                –      67,576      650,759
258   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      35. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
            Deferred tax assets (continued)
            For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the
            consolidated statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances
            of the Group for financial reporting purposes:


                                                                                              2023            2022
                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                                         (Restated)


              Net deferred tax assets recognised in
                the consolidated statement of financial position                         490,690          429,644
              Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in
                the consolidated statement of financial position                         340,361          327,928


            Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:


                                                                                              2023            2022
                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


              Tax losses                                                               9,925,397        9,496,323
              Deductible temporary differences                                           670,106          876,151


                                                                                      10,595,503       10,372,474


            The above tax losses are available for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in
            which the losses arose, subject to certain tax rules of the countries/jurisdictions in which the Group
            operates. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the above items as it is not
            considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the above items can be utilised.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    259

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                          31 December 2023




35. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
   Deferred tax assets (continued)
   Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared
   to foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in the PRC. The requirement
   is effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding
   tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between the PRC and the jurisdiction of the foreign
   investors. For the Group, the applicable rate is 5% or 10%. The Group is therefore liable for withholding
   taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in the PRC in respect of earnings
   generated from 1 January 2008.


   As at 31 December 2023, no deferred tax liabilities has been recognised for withholding taxes that
   would be payable on the unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s
   subsidiaries established in Chinese Mainland. In the opinion of the directors, it is not probable that
   these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of
   temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries in Chinese Mainland for which
   deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised totalled approximately HK$9,375,228,000 as at 31
   December 2023 (2022: HK$8,942,965,000).


   There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its
   shareholders.
260   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      36. SHARE CAPITAL
            Shares
                                                                                              2023         2022
                                                                                           HK$’000      HK$’000


              Authorised:
                3,000,000,000 (2022: 3,000,000,000) shares of HK$1.00 each               3,000,000     3,000,000


              Issued and fully paid:
                2,507,568,733 (2022: 2,499,780,203) shares of HK$1.00 each               2,507,569     2,499,780


            A summary of movements in the Company’s issued share capital and share premium account is as
            follows:


                                                        Number of                      Share premium
                                                    shares in issue   Issued capital         account        Total
                                            Notes                          HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000


              At 1 January 2022                     2,479,959,408        2,479,959        4,906,432    7,386,391
              Dividend paid to
                shareholders                                     –                –        (403,818)    (403,818)
              Issue of shares upon
                exercise of share options    (a)        4,323,365             4,323          19,340       23,663
              Issue of shares under
                the 2008 Share Award
                Scheme                       (b)       15,497,430           15,498                 –      15,498


              At 31 December 2022 and
                1 January 2023                      2,499,780,203        2,499,780        4,521,954    7,021,734
              Dividend paid to
                shareholders                                     –                –        (309,471)    (309,471)
              Issue of shares upon
                exercise of share options    (a)           56,561                57             240          297
              Issue of shares under
                the 2008 Share Award
                Scheme                       (b)        7,731,969             7,732                –       7,732


              At 31 December 2023                   2,507,568,733        2,507,569        4,212,723    6,720,292
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023        261

                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                  31 December 2023




36. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)
   Shares (continued)
   Notes:

   (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the subscription rights attaching to 1,000, 50,000 and 5,561
            share options were exercised at the subscription prices of HK$3.5700, HK$3.7329 and HK$4.1520 per
            share, respectively, resulting in the issue of an aggregate of 56,561 shares of HK$1.00 each for a total
            cash consideration of HK$214,000 before expenses. An amount of HK$83,000 was transferred from the
            share option reserve to the share premium account upon the exercise of the share options.

            During the year ended 31 December 2022, the subscription rights attaching to 383,407, 1,318,380
            and 2,621,578 share options were exercised at the subscription prices of HK$3.5700, HK$3.7329 and
            HK$4.1520 per share, respectively, resulting in the issue of an aggregate of 4,323,365 shares of HK$1.00
            each for a total cash consideration of HK$17,174,000 before expenses. An amount of HK$6,489,000 was
            transferred from the share option reserve to the share premium account upon the exercise of the share
            options.

   (b)      Details of the shares allotted for the 2008 Share Award Scheme are set out in note (c) of the share award
            schemes of the Company below.


37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
   Share option schemes of the Company
   The Company adopted the 2016 Share Option Scheme on 18 May 2016. Following the amendments of
   Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules which has taken effect on 1 January 2023, 2023 Share Option Scheme
   was adopted on 3 November 2023 and the 2016 Share Option Scheme was terminated on the same
   date.


   2016 Share Option Scheme
   Eligible participants of the 2016 Share Option Scheme include the directors of the Company, including
   independent non-executive directors of the Company, other employees of the Group, advisers,
   consultants, agents, contractors, clients or suppliers of any member of the Group, or any other
   person whom the Board in its sole discretion considers may contribute or have contributed to the
   Group. Under the 2016 Share Option Scheme, the definition of “any other person” is employees and
   officers of any affiliated company (i.e. TCL Technology (being the then ultimate controlling shareholder
   of the Company), its subsidiaries, and companies which, in accordance with the generally accepted
   accounting principles in the PRC, is recorded as affiliated companies in the financial statements of TCL
   Technology, which shall include any company in which TCL Technology is directly or indirectly interested
   in not less than 20% of its issued share capital.

   The total number of shares of the Company which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to
   be granted under the 2016 Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Company must not in
   aggregate exceed 10% of the shares of the Company in issue on the date of approval of 2016 Share Option
   Scheme. The 10% limit may be refreshed with the approval by ordinary resolution of the shareholders. The
   maximum number of shares of the Company which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding share
   options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2016 Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of
   the Company must not exceed 30% of the shares of the Company in issue from time to time. The maximum
   number of shares issued or to be issued upon exercise of share options granted to any one participant in a
   12-month period shall not exceed 1% (or 0.1% for any substantive shareholder, independent non-executive
   director or other associates, see the paragraph below) of the issued shares of the Company.
262   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Share option schemes of the Company (continued)
            2016 Share Option Scheme (continued)
            Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or to
            any of their associates are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive directors.
            In addition, any share options granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive
            director of the Company, or to any of their associates, in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company
            in issue at any time and with an aggregate value (based on the price of the Company’s shares at the
            date of grant) in excess of HK$5 million, within any 12-month period, are subject to shareholders’
            approval in advance in a general meeting.


            The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted upon payment of a non-refundable nominal
            consideration of HK$1.00 by each grantee. The 2016 Share Option Scheme does not specify any
            minimum holding period but the Board has the authority to determine the minimum period for which a
            share option in respect of some or all of the shares forming the subject of the share options must be
            held before it can be exercised. The exercise period of the share options granted is determinable by
            the directors, and commences on a specified date and ends on a date which is not later than ten years
            from the date of grant of the relevant share option.


            The exercise price of a share option to subscribe for shares of the Company is determinable by the
            directors, but may not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on the
            Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the date of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the Company’s shares
            on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant;
            and (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s shares.


            Share options do not confer rights on the holders to receive dividends or to vote at general meetings of
            the Company.


            The directors have estimated the values of the share options granted, calculated using the binomial
            option pricing model as at the date of grant of the options. The values of share options calculated
            using the binomial model are subject to certain fundamental limitations, due to the subjective nature
            of and uncertainty relating to a number of assumptions of the expected future performance input to the
            model, and certain inherent limitations of the model itself.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   263

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2023




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Share option schemes of the Company (continued)
   2023 Share Option Scheme
   The Participants of the 2023 Share Option Scheme include (i) director(s) and employee(s) (whether full
   time or part time employees) of the Company and/or of any of its subsidiaries (including persons who
   are granted share awards or share options under the 2023 Share Option Scheme as an inducement to
   enter into employment contracts with these companies) (“Employee Participant(s)”); (ii) director(s) and
   employee(s) (whether full time or part time employee) of the holding company(ies), fellow subsidiary(ies)
   or associated company(ies) of the Company (“Related Entity Participant(s)”); and (iii) person(s) (whether
   a natural person, a corporate entity or otherwise) who provide services to the Group on a continuing
   and recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business which are in the interests of the
   long-term growth of the Group, including but not limited to person(s) who work for any member of
   the Group as independent contractors (such as agents, distributors, contractors, vendors, suppliers,
   advisers, consultants and other service providers of any member of the Group) where the continuity and
   frequency of their services are akin to those of employees, but excluding placing agents or financial
   advisers providing advisory services for fundraising, mergers or acquisitions or professional service
   providers such as auditors or valuers who provide assurance, or are required to perform their services
   with impartiality and objectivity (“Service Provider(s)”).


   The total number of shares of the Company which may be allotted and issued in respect of all share
   options that may be granted under the 2023 Share Option Scheme and all share options and all share
   awards that may be granted under all the schemes or arrangements involving the grant by the Company
   or any member of the Group of options over shares of the Company or other securities of the Company
   to, or for the benefit of, specified participants of such schemes or arrangements which, in the opinion
   of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, is analogous to a share scheme as described in Chapter 17 of
   the Listing Rules, other than the 2023 Share Option Scheme or the 2023 Share Award Scheme (as
   the case may be) (“Other Schemes”) existing at such time, must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the
   total number of shares of the Company in issue as at the date of approval of the 2023 Share Option
   Scheme (“Scheme Mandate Limit”). The total number of shares of the Company which may be allotted
   and issued in respect of share options that may be granted to Service Providers under the 2023
   Share Option Scheme and all share options and all share awards that may be granted under any Other
   Schemes existing at such time, must not in aggregate exceed 1% of the total number of shares of the
   Company in issue as at the date of approval of the 2023 Share Option Scheme (the “Service Provider
   Sublimit”). The Scheme Mandate Limit and the Service Provider Sublimit may respectively be refreshed
   by ordinary resolution of the shareholders of the Company in general meeting after three years from 3
   November 2023 or the date of shareholders’ approval for the last refreshment. The Scheme Mandate
   Limit is 250,756,873 Shares, representing approximately 10.00% of the issued shares of the Company
   as at the date of this annual report.
264   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Share option schemes of the Company (continued)
            2023 Share Option Scheme (continued)
            The maximum number of shares of the Company issued or to be issued upon exercise of share options
            granted to (i.e. the maximum entitlement of) any one participant in a 12-month period shall not exceed
            1% (or 0.1% for any substantial shareholder of the Company, independent non-executive director of
            the Company, or any of their respective associates) of the number of issued shares of the Company,
            unless otherwise approved by the shareholders in a general meeting of the Company.


            Share options granted to a director of the Company, chief executive or substantial shareholder of
            the Company, or to any of their respective associates are subject to approval in advance by the
            independent non-executive directors of the Company. In addition, the grant of any share options to a
            substantial shareholder of the Company or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or to
            any of their respective associates, in excess of 0.1% of the number of shares of the Company in issue
            at any time within any 12-month period, are subject to shareholders’ approval in advance in a general
            meeting of the Company.


            The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted upon payment of a non-refundable nominal
            consideration of HK$0.10, and within the period determined by the Board provided that no such offer
            shall be open for acceptance after the expiry or termination of the 2023 Share Option Scheme by each
            grantee.


            The exercise price of a share option to subscribe for shares of the Company is determinable by the
            directors of the Company, but may not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the Shares on
            the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the date of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the Shares on the
            Hong Kong Stock Exchange for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii)
            the nominal value of the Shares.


            The directors of the Company have estimated the values of the share options granted, calculated
            using the binomial option pricing model as at the date of grant of the options. The values of share
            options calculated using the binomial model are subject to certain fundamental limitations, due to
            the subjective nature of and uncertainty relating to a number of assumptions of the expected future
            performance input to the model, and certain inherent limitations of the model itself.


            The value of an option varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions. Any change to
            the variables used may materially affect the estimation of the fair value of a share option.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     265

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                              31 December 2023




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Share option schemes of the Company (continued)
   The value of an option varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions. Any change to
   the variables used may materially affect the estimation of the fair value of an option.


   The following share options were outstanding under the share option scheme during the year:


                                                       2023                              2022

                                               Weighted                           Weighted
                                                average                            average
                                          exercise price      Number of      exercise price        Number of
                                               per share         options         per share            options
                                                    HK$             ’000               HK$              ’000


    At 1 January                                 4.0428          39,121            4.0590            48,576
    Forfeited during the year                    3.9154           (4,140)          4.2549             (5,132)
    Exercised during the year                    3.7742              (57)          3.9726             (4,323)


    At 31 December                               4.0584          34,924            4.0428            39,121


   The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the year
   ended 31 December 2023 was HK$3.7419 per share (2022: HK$5.0372 per share).
266   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Share option schemes of the Company (continued)
            The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding as at the end of the
            reporting period are as follows:


            2023


                Number of options                         Exercise price per share*                         Exercise period
                             ’000                                                HK$


                          29,306                                              4.1520                                 Note 2
                           5,618                                              3.5700                                 Note 3


                          34,924


            2022


                Number of options                          Exercise price per share*                        Exercise period
                             ’000                                                HK$


                           2,387                                              3.7329                                  Note 1
                          31,115                                              4.1520                                  Note 2
                           5,619                                              3.5700                                  Note 3


                          39,121


            *        The exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or bonus issues, or
                     other similar changes in the Company’s share capital.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023         267

                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                  31 December 2023




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Share option schemes of the Company (continued)
   Note 1: Subject to fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December 2016; approximately 21%
           of the share options were exercisable commencing from 9 January 2018 to 11 May 2023; and subject to
           fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December 2017; approximately 79% of the
           share options were exercisable commencing from 9 January 2019 to 11 May 2023.


   Note 2: Subject to fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December 2018, up to about one-
           sixth of the share options were exercisable commencing from 18 May 2019 to 22 January 2024 and up to
           another about one-sixth of share options were exercisable commencing from 9 January 2020 to 22 January
           2024; and subject to fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December 2019, up to
           about one-sixth of the share options were exercisable commencing from 18 May 2020 to 22 January 2024
           and up to another about one-sixth of share options were exercisable commencing from 9 January 2021 to
           22 January 2024; and subject to fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December
           2020, up to about one-sixth of the share options were exercisable commencing from 18 May 2021 to 22
           January 2024 and up to another about one-sixth of share options were exercisable commencing from 9
           January 2022 to 22 January 2024.


   Note 3: Subject to fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December 2017, share options
           granted to grantees in their capacity as employees of the Group, all of such share options were exercisable
           commencing from 9 January 2019, up to 24 April 2024. Subject to fulfilment of the conditions for exercise
           of share options that the relevant option grantee (i) has paid the costs incurred or to be incurred by the
           Company for the relevant part of the share options and (ii) remains to be an employee of TCL Technology
           or TCL Industries Holdings on 15 June 2018, 15 June 2019 and 15 June 2020 (as the case may be)
           respectively, approximately one-third of the share options were exercisable commencing from 15 June
           2018 to 24 April 2024; another approximately one-third of the share options were exercisable commencing
           from 15 June 2019 to 24 April 2024; and the remaining approximately one-third of the share options were
           exercisable commencing from 15 June 2020 to 24 April 2024.


   There was no share option granted during 2023.


   The 56,561 share options exercised during the year resulted in the issue of 56,561 ordinary shares of
   the Company and additional share capital of HK$56,561 and share premium of HK$240,000.


   At the end of the reporting period, the Company had approximately 34,924,000 share options
   outstanding under the 2016 Share Option Scheme. The exercise in full of the outstanding share
   options would, under the present capital structure of the Company, result in the issue of approximately
   34,924,000 additional ordinary shares of the Company and additional share capital and share premium
   amounts of approximately HK$34,924,000 and HK$106,811,000, respectively.
268   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Share award schemes of the Company
            2008 Share Award Scheme
            2008 Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Company on 6 February 2008 (the “Adoption Date”)
            (as amended on 11 August 2015, 13 June 2016, 24 November 2017 and 4 May 2018) to recognise
            and motivate the contribution of certain participants and to provide incentives and help the Group in
            retaining its existing employees and recruiting suitable personnel as additional employees to further
            extend the operation and development of the Group and to provide them with a direct economic interest
            in attaining the long-term business objectives of the Group.


            As at 31 December 2023, the 2008 Share Award Scheme comprises (i) the trust for management
            for the benefit of selected persons (“2008 Selected Persons” and each a “2008 Selected Person”,
            as defined in the circular of the Company dated 7 May 2028) including, among others, connected
            persons of the Company and the senior management of the Group and (ii) the trust for employees and
            others for the benefit of selected persons who are not connected persons of the Company. During the
            period from 1 January 2023 to 29 November 2023, BOCI-Prudential Trustee Limited is responsible
            for administration of each of the trusts under the Award Scheme, whereas during the period from 30
            November 2023 to 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this annual report, BOCI Trustee (Hong
            Kong) Limited is responsible for administration of each of the trusts under the 2008 Share Award
            Scheme.


            Pursuant to the terms of the 2008 Share Award Scheme:


            1.     The Board may, from time to time, at its sole and absolute discretion, designate any award to
                   be made to any selected participant. Participants cover (i) employees, advisers, consultants,
                   agents, contractors, clients or suppliers of any member of the Group; and (ii) employees
                   or officers of the affiliated companies whom the Board in its sole discretion considers may
                   contribute or have contributed to the Group (collectively the 2008 Selected Persons and each a
                   2008 Selected Person).


            2.     An award may be satisfied by existing shares to be acquired by the trustee for the time being
                   (“Trustee”) from the market or new shares to be allotted and issued to the Trustee by the
                   Company (collectively “Awarded Shares”) to be held on trust by the Trustee for the 2008
                   Selected Persons until the end of each vesting period subject to fulfilment of the vesting
                   condition(s). The Board has the discretion to decide whether the Awarded Shares are the existing
                   shares or new shares.


            3.     The 2008 Selected Persons shall also be entitled to the related distribution derived from the
                   relevant Awarded Shares, which mainly covers a dividend paid by the Company in respect of
                   the Awarded Shares concerned distributed during the period from the grant date to the vesting
                   date of the Awarded Shares. The Awarded Shares and related distribution shall however only be
                   vested on the relevant 2008 Selected Persons on the vesting date subject to fulfilment of the
                   vesting conditions.
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   269

                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                        31 December 2023




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Share award schemes of the Company (continued)
   2008 Share Award Scheme (continued)
   Pursuant to the terms of the 2008 Share Award Scheme: (continued)


   4.    The Company may be obliged to pay the taxes and levies on behalf of the 2008 Selected
         Persons at the time when the liabilities arise and has the discretion to deduct from such number
         of Awarded Shares entitled by the relevant 2008 Selected Persons a certain number of the
         Awarded Shares which is sufficient to cover the relevant liabilities of such taxes and levies as
         reimbursement. The Awarded Shares so deducted will become returned shares, which will be
         held by the Trustee and may be awarded as Awarded Shares pursuant to the Award Scheme.


   5.    The maximum aggregate number of shares awarded by the Board under the 2008 Share
         Award Scheme is ten percent (10%) of the number of issued shares of the Company as at 23
         May 2018 (the “Amendment Date”), excluding all the shares awarded under the rules of the
         pre-amended 2008 Share Award Scheme up to the Amendment Date.


   6.    The duration of the 2008 Share Award Scheme is 15 years from the Adoption Date, i.e.,
         continue in force until 5 February 2023.


   7.    The Board may, at its sole and absolute discretion, accelerate the vesting of Awarded Shares
         add/or waive and/or alter any or all of the vesting conditions attached to the Awarded Shares.


   2023 Share Award Scheme
   Following the expiration of the 2008 Share Award Scheme on 5 February 2023, the Company adopted
   2023 Share Award Scheme on 3 November 2023. The 2023 Share Award Scheme constitutes a share
   scheme involving grant of, among others, new Shares under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Details of
   the 2023 Share Award Scheme were set out in the circular of the Company dated 17 October 2023.


   As at 31 December 2023, the 2023 Share Award Scheme comprises (i) the trust for connected
   persons of the Company and (ii) the trust for non-connected persons of the Company. The Company has
   appointed BOCI Trustee (Hong Kong) Limited for administration of each of the trusts under the 2023
   Share Award Scheme.
270   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Share award schemes of the Company (continued)
            2023 Share Award Scheme (continued)
            Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 Share Award Scheme:


            1.     Upon and subject to the terms of the 2023 Share Award Scheme and all applicable laws, rules
                   and regulations (including the Listing Rules), the Board shall be entitled at any time within the
                   period commencing on 3 November 2023 and expiring on the day immediately preceding its
                   tenth anniversary (both days inclusive) but subject to early termination pursuant to the provisions
                   of the rules of the 2023 Share Award Scheme in its present or any amended form select any
                   participant (other than any excluded person) for participation in the 2023 Share Award Scheme.
                   Until and unless so selected, no participant shall be entitled to participate in the 2023 Share
                   Award Scheme. The participants of the 2023 Share Award Scheme include Employee Participants
                   (as defined in the circular of the Company dated 17 October 2023), Related Entity Participants
                   (as defined in the circular of the Company dated 17 October 2023), and Service Providers (as
                   defined in the circular of the Company dated 17 October 2023), and provided that if and only if a
                   share award is to be made in the form of existing Shares, Participants in respect of such share
                   award shall also include any other person(s) whom the Board in its sole discretion considers
                   may contribute or have contributed to the Group (including but not limited to employees and
                   officers of any invested entities of the Company, of any affiliated entities of the Company, and/
                   or of any Service Provider).


            2.     For the purpose of satisfying any award to be granted under the 2023 Share Award Scheme
                   from time to time, the relevant Trustee shall maintain a pool of shares of the Company in
                   the trust funds. Such pool of shares of the Company shall comprise the following: (i) such
                   existing shares of the Company as may be purchased or acquired by the Trustee on-market or
                   off-market by utilising the funds allocated by the Board out of the Group’s resources or cash
                   proceeds in the trust funds pursuant to the 2023 Share Award Scheme; (ii) such new shares
                   of the Company as may be subscribed for by the Trustee by utilising the funds allocated by the
                   Board out of the Group’s resources or cash proceeds in the trust funds pursuant to the 2023
                   Share Award Scheme; and (iii) such other shares of the Company in the trust funds, including
                   returned shares, shares of the Company derived from shares held by the Trustee (including
                   fractional shares resulting from any consolidation, re-classification or reorganisation of shares
                   of the Company, Shares as may be allotted or issued to the Trustee as a holder of shares of
                   the Company whether by way of distribution in scrip form, bonus shares or otherwise), Shares
                   transferred or caused to be transferred by the Company from other trusts set up by the Company
                   for the purpose of share incentive schemes and, accepted by the Trustee as additions.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023       271

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                 31 December 2023




37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Share award schemes of the Company (continued)
   2023 Share Award Scheme (continued)
   Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 Share Award Scheme: (continued)


   3.    The Board or any committee of the Board or person(s) to whom the Board has delegated its authority
         for administration of the 2023 Share Award Scheme shall have the general power from time to time
         to determine whether a selected person (“2023 Selected Person”, as defined in the circular of the
         Company dated 17 October 2023) is entitled to the related distribution in respect of an award. The
         Awarded Shares (together with the related distributions, if any) shall only be vested on the relevant
         selected persons on the vesting date subject to fulfilment of the vesting conditions.


   4.    In the event that the Company is obliged, required or otherwise requested to pay for and on
         behalf of the relevant selected person any tax and/or other expenses which are to be borne
         by him, the Company shall be entitled, as the Board may in its sole and absolute discretion
         determine, to elect on the vesting date to recover such amount of tax and/or other expenses
         paid by the Company for the selected person as reimbursement in accordance with the terms of
         the 2023 Share Award Scheme.


   5.    The total number of shares of the Company which may be allotted and issued in respect of all
         share awards to be granted under the 2023 Share Award Scheme, and all share options and
         all share awards to be granted under any Other Schemes existing at such time, must not in
         aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of shares of the Company in issue as at the date of
         approval of the 2023 Share Award Scheme. The total number of shares of the Company which
         may be allotted and issued in respect of all share awards to be granted that may be granted
         to Service Providers under the under the 2023 Share Award Scheme and all share options and
         all share awards that may be granted under any Other Schemes existing at such time, must
         not in aggregate exceed 1% of the total number of shares of the Company in issue as at the
         date of approval of the 2023 Share Award Scheme. The Scheme Mandate Limit and the Service
         Provider Sublimit may respectively be refreshed by ordinary resolution of the shareholders in
         general meeting after three years from 3 November 2023 or the date of shareholders’ approval
         for the last refreshment. The Scheme Mandate Limit is 250,756,873 Shares, representing
         approximately 10.00% of the issued shares of the Company as at the date of this annual report.


   6.    The 2023 Share Award Scheme became effective on 3 November 2023 and, unless otherwise
         cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date until 2 November 2033.


   7.    The Company may, at any time during the subsistence of the relevant trusts in respect of
         the 2023 Share Award Scheme, and at its sole and absolute discretion, alter the terms and
         conditions of the Awards granted to a selected person (including but not limited to (i) accelerate
         the vesting of such Awarded Shares to an earlier date; (ii) postpone the vesting of such awards
         to a later date; and/or (iii) waive or alter any or all of the vesting conditions attached to such
         Awarded Shares in accordance with the terms of the 2023 Share Award Scheme.
272   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      37. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Share award schemes of the Company (continued)
            The following Awarded Shares were outstanding during the year:


                                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                                           Number of          Number of
                                                                                     Awarded Shares      Awarded Shares
                                                                                                 ’000               ’000


              At 1 January
                  – Number of Awarded Shares held by the Trustee                              84,053             79,550
                  – Number of Awarded Shares granted but not vested                           72,051            117,386
                  – Number of Awarded Shares available for grant                             118,758            118,758


              At 31 December
                  – Number of Awarded Shares held by the Trustee                              70,788             84,053
                  – Number of Awarded Shares granted but not vested                           37,002             72,051
                  – Number of Awarded Shares available for grant                             118,758            118,758


              Granted during the year (note a)                                                       –                  –
                  – Grant using existing shares                                                      –                  –
                  – Grant using new shares                                                           –                  –
              Lapsed during the year                                                                 –                27
              Vested during the year                                                          35,049             45,308


              Purchased during the year (note b)                                                     –           16,827
              Allotted and issued during the year (note c)                                      7,732            15,498
              Individual income tax paid on behalf of the 2008 Selected
                  Persons during the year (note d)                                            14,052             17,486


            Notes:

            (a)      For the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023, no Awarded Shares were granted to the Selected
                     Employees. During the year, the Group recognised employee share-based compensation benefits under the
                     Award Scheme of HK$83,636,000 (2022: HK$147,629,000) in respect of the Awarded Shares granted to
                     the Selected Employees.

            (b)      For the year ended 31 December 2022, 16,827,000 Awarded Shares were purchased by the Trustee at a
                     total cost (including transaction costs) of HK$53,666,000.

            (c)      For the years ended 31 December 2023, 7,731,969 (2022:15,497,430) Awarded Shares were allotted and
                     issued to the trustee at par value.

            (d)      For the year ended 31 December 2023, tax has been paid by the Group on behalf of certain 2008 Selected
                     Persons whose rights were vested in the Awarded Shares and 14,052,240 (2022: 17,486,641) Awarded
                     Shares were deducted from the total number of Awarded Shares entitled to be vested to those 2008
                     Selected Persons as the settlement for the individual income tax paid by the Group on their behalf.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   273

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                         31 December 2023




38. RESERVES
   The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are
   presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 144 and 145.


   (i)   Share option reserve
         The share option reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be
         exercised, as further explained in the accounting policy for share-based payments in note 2.4 to
         the financial statements. The amount will either be transferred to the share premium account
         when the related options are exercised, or be transferred to retained profits should the related
         options expire after the vesting period.


   (ii) Capital reserve
         The Group’s capital reserve represented the excess of the nominal value of the shares of the
         subsidiaries acquired prior to the listing of the Company’s shares over the nominal value of the
         Company’s shares issued in exchange therefor as well as the difference between the amounts of
         consideration and the carrying values of non-controlling interests acquired or disposed of.


   (iii) Reserve funds
         Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, a portion of the profits of the Group’s
         subsidiaries in the PRC has been transferred to the reserve funds which are restricted to use.


   (iv) Awarded share reserve
         The awarded share reserve represents the excess of the fair value of the Awarded Shares over
         the total cost (including related transaction costs) of the Awarded Shares awarded and vested to
         the selected employees at the date of award.


   (v) Cash flow hedge reserve
         The cash flow hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net gain or loss
         on the hedging instruments used in cash flow hedges pending subsequent recognition of the
         hedged cash flows in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for cash flow hedges.
274   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      39. P A R T L Y - O W N E D S U B S I D I A R Y W I T H M A T E R I A L N O N -
          CONTROLLING INTERESTS
            Details of Falcon Network Technology Group, the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
            interests are set out below:


                                                                                           2023             2022


              Falcon Network Technology Group                                            17.78%           17.78%


                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


              Profit for the year allocated to non-controlling interests                 66,367           58,855


              Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests at
                the reporting date                                                      378,336          317,251


            The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiaries. The
            amounts disclosed are before any inter-company eliminations:


                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                  (Consolidated)    (Consolidated)
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


              Revenue                                                                 2,140,572        1,846,034
              Total expenses                                                         (1,767,307)      (1,537,174)
              Profit for the year                                                       373,265          308,860
              Total comprehensive income for the year                                   373,265          308,860


              Current assets                                                          2,885,231        2,397,662
              Non-current assets                                                         33,029          100,981
              Current liabilities                                                      (604,623)        (563,201)
              Non-current liabilities                                                   (12,654)          (16,476)


              Net cash flows from operating activities                                  344,711          207,781
              Net cash flows used in investing activities                                 (3,990)         (69,975)
              Net cash flows used in financing activities                                 (3,769)          (4,003)


              Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                 336,952          133,803
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    275

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2023




40. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
   Financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety
   Factoring trade receivables
   At 31 December 2023, the Group has entered into certain receivable purchase agreements with
   financial institutions for the factoring of trade receivables due from certain specified customers with
   an aggregate carrying amount of HK$1,902,297,000 (2022: HK$3,300,447,000). In the opinion of
   the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the factored
   trade receivables. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the factored trade
   receivables. The maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s continuing involvement in the factored
   trade receivables and the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these factored trade receivables is
   equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the directors, the fair values of the Group’s continuing
   involvement in the factored trade receivables are not significant.


   During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no gains or losses were recognised on the date
   of transfer of the factored trade receivables. No gains or losses were recognised from the continuing
   involvement, both during the year or cumulatively.


   Bills discounted
   At 31 December 2023, certain bills receivable were discounted by banks in the PRC and banks in
   Hong Kong with a carrying amount of HK$1,467,967,000 (2022: HK$648,729,000). In the opinion of
   the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the discounted
   bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the discounted bills. The maximum
   exposure to loss from the Group’s continuing involvement in the discounted bills and the undiscounted
   cash flows to repurchase these discounted bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of
   the directors, the fair values of the Group’s continuing involvement in the discounted bills are not
   significant.


   During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no gains or losses were recognised on the date
   of transfer of the discounted bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the continuing involvement,
   both during the year or cumulatively.
276   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      40. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED)
            Financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety (continued)
            Endorsed bills
            At 31 December 2023, certain subsidiaries of the Group endorsed certain bills receivable accepted
            by banks in the PRC (the “derecognised bills”) to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade
            payables due to such suppliers with a carrying amount in aggregate of HK$1,018,203,000 (2022:
            HK$1,096,974,000). The derecognised bills had a maturity of one to six months at the end of the
            reporting period. In accordance with the Law of Negotiable Instruments in the PRC, the holders of
            the derecognised bills have a right of recourse against the Group if the PRC banks default. In the
            opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the
            derecognised bills and the associated trade payables. The maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s
            continuing involvement in the derecognised bills and the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these
            derecognised bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the directors, the fair values of
            the Group’s continuing involvement in the derecognised bills are not significant.


            During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no gains or losses were recognised on the
            date of transfer of the derecognised bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the continuing
            involvement, both during the year or cumulatively.


            Financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety
            Factoring trade receivables
            During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group entered into trade receivable factoring
            arrangements and transferred certain trade receivables to banks. Under the arrangements, the Group
            was required to pay interest to banks during the payment term of trade debtors or a certain period,
            using the less. The Group is not exposed to default risks of the trade debtors after the transfer.
            Subsequent to the transfer, the Group did not retain any rights on the use of the trade receivables,
            including the sale, transfer or pledge of the trade receivables to any other third parties. The carrying
            amount of the assets that the Group continued to recognise and that of the associated liabilities as at
            31 December 2023 amounted to HK$26,964,000 (2022: HK$25,106,000).
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   277

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                           31 December 2023




41. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
   Year ended 31 December 2022
   Acquisition of equity interest in TCL Digital Technology Group
   On 13 May 2022, TCL Electronics (Huizhou) Co., Limited* (“TCL Electronics (Huizhou)”, TCL電子(惠州)有
   限公司), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into the acquisition agreement with T.C.L. Industries
   (H.K.), pursuant to which T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) conditionally agreed to sell, and TCL Electronics
   (Huizhou) conditionally agreed to acquire, 100% of the equity interest in and of TCL Digital Technology
   (Shenzhen)* (TCL數碼科技(深圳)有限責任公司) and its subsidiaries (“TCL Digital Technology Group”) at
   the consideration of approximately RMB116,031,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$136,731,000).
   The transaction was completed in May 2022 and TCL Digital Technology Group have become
   wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group since then.


   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of TCL Digital Technology Group as at the date
   of acquisition were as follows:


                                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                                                recognised
                                                                                             on acquisition
                                                                                  Notes           HK$’000


    Other intangible assets                                                         18                   37
    Investments in associates                                                                     377,747
    Equity investments designated at fair value through
      other comprehensive income                                                                     1,768
    Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                 36,850
    Cash and bank balances                                                                             274
    Other payables and accruals                                                                   (279,936)
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                        35                   (9)


    Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                   136,731


    Goodwill on acquisition                                                                               –


    Satisfied by:
      Cash                                                                                          66,247
      Other payables                                                                                70,484


                                                                                                  136,731


   The fair value of the other receivables as at the date of acquisition amounted to HK$36,850,000. The
   gross contractual amount of other receivables was HK$36,850,000.
278   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      41. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)
            Year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
            Acquisition of equity interest in TCL Digital Technology Group (continued)
            An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of subsidiaries is as follows:


                                                                                                         HK$’000


              Cash consideration                                                                         (66,247)
              Cash and bank balances acquired                                                               274


              Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from investing
                activities                                                                               (65,973)


            Since the completion of the acquisition, TCL Digital Technology Group had not contributed to the
            Group’s revenue but contributed HK$26,055,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31
            December 2022.


            Had the combination taken place on 1 January 2022, the revenue of the Group and consolidated
            profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 would have been HK$71,351,415,000 and
            HK$566,434,000, respectively.
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   279

                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                        31 December 2023




42. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
   Year ended 31 December 2023
   (a)   On 5 January 2023, TCL King (Huizhou) entered into the equity transfer agreement with Shenzhen
         Qianhai Qihang International Supply Chain Management Co., Limited* (“Shenzhen Qihang”, 深圳
         前海啟航國際供應鏈管理有限公司), pursuant to which TCL King (Huizhou) had agreed to sell, and
         Shenzhen Qihang had agreed to purchase, 100% equity interest in Huizhou Yunxin Technology
         Co., Limited* (“Huizhou Yunxin”, 惠州市藴鑫科技有限公司) at the consideration of approximately
         HK$9,756,000. The transaction was completed on 28 February 2023.

         The total net assets disposed of in respect of the disposal of a subsidiary during the year ended
         31 December 2023 are as follows:


                                                                                                  2023
                                                                                 Note          HK$’000


          Net assets disposed of:
            Trade receivables                                                                    16,362
            Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                     117,432
            Trade payable                                                                      (121,540)
            Other payables and accruals                                                          (2,498)


                                                                                                  9,756
          Release of exchange fluctuation reserve                                                     9


                                                                                                  9,765
          Loss on disposal of a subsidiary                                         7                 (9)


                                                                                                  9,756


          Satisfied by:
            Cash                                                                                  9,756


         An analysis of the net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of a
         subsidiary is as follows:


                                                                                                  2023
                                                                                               HK$’000


          Cash consideration received                                                             9,756
          Cash and bank balances disposed of                                                          –


          Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows
            from investing activities                                                             9,756
280   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      42. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
            Year ended 31 December 2023 (continued)
            (b)    On 2 May 2023, TTE entered into the equity transfer agreement with Shenzhen Langtai
                   Technology Holdings Limited* (“Langtai Tech”, 深圳市朗泰科技控股有限公司), pursuant to which
                   TTE had agreed to sell, and Langtai Tech had agreed to purchase, 100% equity interest in TCL
                   Entertainment Solutions Holdings Limited, at the consideration of approximately HK$1. The
                   transaction was completed on 2 May 2023.

                   The total net liabilities disposed of in respect of the disposal of a subsidiary during the year
                   ended 31 December 2023 is as follows:


                                                                                                           2023
                                                                                           Note         HK$’000


                    Net liabilities disposed of:
                      Trade receivables                                                                       25
                      Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                        123
                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                              812
                      Other payables and accruals                                                         (1,852)


                                                                                                            (892)


                    Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                        7                892


                    Satisfied by:
                      Consideration receivable included in other receivables                                    –


                   An analysis of the net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of a
                   subsidiary is as follows:


                                                                                                           2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000

                    Cash consideration                                                                         –
                    Cash and bank balances disposed of                                                      (812)


                    Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows
                      from investing activities                                                             (812)
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   281

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                         31 December 2023




42. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
   Year ended 31 December 2023 (continued)
   (c)   On 10 May 2023, TCL King (Huizhou) entered into the equity transfer agreement with Inner
         Mongolia Zhonghuan Crystal Materials Co., Limited* (“Inner Mongolia Zhonghuan”, 內蒙古中環
         晶體材料有限公司), pursuant to which TCL King (Huizhou) had agreed to sell, and Inner Mongolia
         Zhonghuan had agreed to purchase, 100% equity interest in Inner Mongolia TCL Optoelectronics
         Technology Co., Limited* (“Inner Mongolia TCL Optoelectronics”, 內蒙古TCL光電科技有限公司),
         at the consideration of approximately HK$132,445,000. The transaction was completed on 31
         August 2023.

         The total net assets disposed of in respect of the disposal of a subsidiary during the year ended
         31 December 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                   2023
                                                                                Notes           HK$’000

          Net assets disposal of:
            Property, plant and equipment                                         14             83,254
            Right-of-use assets                                                  16(a)          128,442
            Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                         285
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                             8,790
            Trade payables                                                                      (99,411)
            Other payables and accruals                                                          (8,100)

                                                                                                113,260
          Release of exchange fluctuation reserve                                                   121

                                                                                                113,381
          Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                         7             19,064

                                                                                                132,445

          Satisfied by:
            Cash                                                                                135,046
            Other payables and accruals                                                          (2,601)

                                                                                                132,445


         An analysis of the net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of a
         subsidiary is as follows:

                                                                                                   2023
                                                                                                HK$’000

          Cash consideration received                                                           135,046
          Cash and bank balances disposed of                                                     (8,790)

          Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents
            included in cash flows from investing activities                                    126,256
282   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      42. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
            Year ended 31 December 2022
            (a)    On 29 August 2022, TTE entered into the equity transfer agreement with Langtai Tech, pursuant
                   to which TTE had agreed to sell, and Langtai Tech had agreed to purchase, 100% equity interest
                   in ST Overseas Limited, a subsidiary of TTE, at the consideration of approximately HK$669,000.
                   The transaction was completed on 31 August 2022.

                   The total net liabilities disposed of in respect of the disposal of a subsidiary during the year
                   ended 31 December 2022 is as follows:


                                                                                                           2022
                                                                                           Note         HK$’000


                    Net liabilities disposed of:
                      Inventories                                                                              5
                      Trade receivables                                                                   23,236
                      Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                        121
                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                           21,073
                      Trade payables                                                                     (21,304)
                      Other payables and accruals                                                        (24,068)
                      Provisions                                                                             (26)


                                                                                                            (963)
                    Release of exchange fluctuation reserve and other reserves                                42


                                                                                                            (921)
                    Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                        7              1,590


                                                                                                             669


                    Satisfied by:
                      Consideration receivable included in other receivables                                 669


                   An analysis of the net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of a
                   subsidiary is as follows:


                                                                                                           2022
                                                                                                        HK$’000


                    Cash consideration                                                                         –
                    Cash and bank balances disposed of                                                   (21,073)


                    Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents
                      included in cash flows from investing activities                                   (21,073)
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   283

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                        31 December 2023




42. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
   Year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
   (b)   On 16 September 2022, TCL Entertainment Solutions Limited (“TES Limited”) entered into the
         equity transfer agreement with Langtai Tech, pursuant to which TES Limited had agreed to sell,
         and Langtai Tech had agreed to purchase, 100% equity interest in Shenzhen Langhe Industrial
         Co., Ltd.* (深圳市朗和實業有限公司, formerly known as Shenzhen TCL Entertainment Solutions
         Limited* (深圳TCL娛樂系統有限公司)), at the consideration of approximately HK$1.14, the
         transaction was completed on 21 September 2022.

         The total net liabilities disposed of in respect of the disposal of a subsidiary during the year
         ended 31 December 2022 is as follows:


                                                                                                  2022
                                                                                 Note          HK$’000


          Net liabilities disposed of:
            Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                         259
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                               356
            Other payables and accruals                                                          (3,503)
            Provisions                                                                              (28)


                                                                                                 (2,916)
          Release of exchange fluctuation reserve                                                    81


                                                                                                 (2,835)
          Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                         7              2,835


                                                                                                       –


          Satisfied by:
            Consideration receivable included in other receivables                                     –


         An analysis of the net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of a
         subsidiary is as follows:


                                                                                                   2022
                                                                                               HK$’000


          Cash consideration                                                                           –
          Cash and bank balances disposed of                                                       (356)


          Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows
            from investing activities                                                              (356)
284   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      43. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
            (a) Major non-cash transactions
                   During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
                   HK$206,771,000 (2022: HK$150,478,000) and HK$206,771,000 (2022: HK$150,478,000),
                   respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for plant and equipment.


            (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                             Dividend
                                                                                              payable
                                                              Bank loans                     included
                                                               and other       Lease         in other
                                                              borrowings   liabilities       payables        Total
                                                                HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000


                    At 1 January 2023                         5,463,083     409,741               18    5,872,842
                    Changes from financing cash flows           476,974    (187,896)      (318,464)       (29,386)
                    New lease arising form addition of
                      right-of-use assets                              –    206,771                 –     206,771
                    Change in lease contracts                          –    (23,447)                –     (23,447)
                    Foreign exchange movement                  (128,403)       2,147                –    (126,256)
                    Interest expense – lease liabilities               –     17,024                 –      17,024
                    Interest paid classified as operating
                      cash flows                                       –    (17,024)                –     (17,024)
                    Dividends payable                                  –            –        318,462     318,462


                    At 31 December 2023                       5,811,654     407,316               16    6,218,986
                                                   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     285

                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                        31 December 2023




43. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
    (CONTINUED)
   (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities (continued)
                                                                                Dividend
                                                                                 payable
                                                Bank loans                      included
                                                 and other         Lease         in other
                                                borrowings      liabilities    payables              Total
                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


        At 1 January 2022                       6,880,117        460,504              12    7,340,633
        Changes from financing cash flows       (1,329,085)     (167,312)      (416,741)    (1,913,138)
        New lease arising form addition of
          right-of-use assets                            –       150,478                –     150,478
        Change in lease contracts                        –         (7,332)              –          (7,332)
        Foreign exchange movement                  (87,949)      (26,597)               –     (114,546)
        Interest expense – lease liabilities             –        18,041                –         18,041
        Interest paid classified as operating
          cash flows                                     –       (18,041)               –         (18,041)
        Dividends payable                                –               –     416,747        416,747


        At 31 December 2022                     5,463,083        409,741              18    5,872,842


   (c) Total cash outflow for leases
       The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:


                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000


        Within operating activities                                           123,675         105,822
        Within financing activities                                           187,896         167,312


                                                                              311,571         273,134
286   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      44. COMMITMENTS
            (a)    The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


                    Contracted, but not provided for:
                      Capital contribution payable to a subsidiary                       401,236           452,161
                      Capital contribution payable to associates                         198,274           221,457


                                                                                         599,510           673,618


                    Authorised, but not contracted for:
                      Land and buildings                                                         –         116,590


                                                                                         599,510           790,208


            (b)    The Group has various lease contracts that have not yet commenced as at 31 December 2023.
                   The future lease payments for these non-cancellable leases contracts are HK$18,567,000 due
                   within one year and HK$4,600,000 due in the second to fifth years, inclusive.


            (c)    The Group has various short-term leases and leases of low-value assets contracts that have not
                   yet completed as at 31 December 2023. The future lease payments for these non-cancellable
                   lease contracts are HK$8,781,000 due within one year and HK$4,793,000 due in the second to
                   fifth years, inclusive.


      45. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
            TCL SEMP Electroelectronicos Ltda. (“TCL SEMP Electroelectronicos”), a subsidiary of TCL SEMP, is
            currently a defendant in a lawsuit in Brazil with Brazil tax authority for alleged improper application of
            tax credits for the periods of 2012 and 2013. As at the date of this report, the lawsuit is still ongoing.
            The information usually required by HKAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
            is not disclosed on the grounds that it can be expected to prejudice seriously the outcome of the
            litigations. Based on the response from the independent attorney in charge, it is expected that the
            litigation will last for 3 to 8 years. The Group has not made any provision as the Group, based on the
            advice from the Group’s legal counsel, believes that TCL SEMP Electroelectronicos has a valid defence
            against the allegation.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     287

                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2023




46. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   (a)   In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had
         the following material transactions with related parties during the year:


                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                               Notes            HK$’000            HK$’000
                                                                                                  (Restated)


          Joint ventures:
            Sales of finished goods                              (i)           1,737,401         1,670,673
            After-sales service income                           (ii)                2,626            2,393
            Sales of raw materials                              (vii)            42,214               8,371
            Purchases of raw materials                           (vi)           244,443            205,172
            Rental expense and licence fee                       (xi)                 582                 –
            Other service income                                (xvi)            32,085               8,816


          Associates:
            Interest income                                      (iii)                767               617
            Purchases of raw materials                           (vi)          1,114,360         1,199,910
            Sales of finished goods                              (i)           6,210,358         8,172,849
            After-sale service fee                              (xiv)           665,556            470,721
            After-sale service income                            (ii)                1,296              730
            Sales of raw materials                              (vii)            36,579             49,315
            Purchases of finished goods                          (vi)                3,183              502
            Subcontracting fee expense                         (xviii)          274,992                   –
            Rental, maintenance fees and facilities usage
              income                                             (x)                 4,605            5,551
            Other service income                                (xvi)            92,808             96,845
288   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      46. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (a)    (continued)


                                                                                2023         2022
                                                                  Notes      HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                                                        (Restated)


                    Companies controlled by TCL Industries
                      Holdings:
                      Interest income                              (iii)      139,158      64,446
                      Interest expense                             (iv)        36,234      46,026
                      Sales of raw materials                       (vii)       26,748      14,088
                      Sales of finished goods                       (i)     3,903,790     521,733
                      Purchases of raw materials                   (vi)        92,469      30,298
                      Purchases of finished goods                  (vi)     7,729,708   6,351,530
                      Rental, maintenance income and facilities
                         usage income                               (x)        5,532       3,754
                      Rental expense and licence fee               (xi)       19,700      15,287
                      Brand promotion fee                         (xii)      551,005     387,433
                      After-sale service income                     (ii)          70       2,072
                      After-sale service fee                      (xiv)      211,838      42,205
                      Promotion fee income                         (xv)            –       2,191
                      Construction service income                 (xix)      792,219     104,362
                      Other service income                        (xvi)      112,442     143,201
                      Addition of right-of-use assets              (ix)       50,271      15,912
                      IT and other service fees                   (viii)      73,512      96,266
                      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                     37,916      33,864
                      Interest expense on lease liabilities                    2,370       1,754
                      Other finance service fees                   (v)         3,374      14,606


                    Affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings:
                      Interest expense                              (iv)          129           –
                      Purchases of raw materials                    (vi)    1,648,451   1,432,472
                      Purchases of finished goods                   (vi)       12,919      17,490
                      Sales of finished goods                        (i)      589,182     674,101
                      Sales of raw materials                       (vii)        6,021       6,362
                      Other service income                         (xvi)       77,845           –
                      Subcontracting fee expense                  (xviii)           –     134,166
                      Logistics service fee expense               (xvii)      379,696     433,936
                      Addition of right-of-use assets               (ix)        5,272         715
                      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                      13,692       9,446
                      Interest expense on lease liabilities                     1,231       1,582
                      Rental income                                (x)          3,860       3,568
                      IT and other service fees                   (viii)      271,660     197,460
                      Rental expense and licence fee               (xi)           179           –
                      After-sales service income                   (ii)        34,752           –
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   289

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                         31 December 2023




46. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (a)   (continued)


                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                            Notes             HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                              (Restated)


          Companies controlled by TCL Technology:
            Sales of raw materials                            (vii)          1,226,553         230,648
            Sales of finished goods                            (i)             50,881          544,943
            Purchases of raw materials                        (vi)          13,294,170       8,319,380
            Purchases of finished goods                       (vi)           5,012,729       2,733,130
            Rental, maintenance income and facilities
              usage income                                    (x)              68,437           66,054
            Rental expense and licence fee                    (xi)               4,726            7,549
            Reimbursement of R&D expenses                    (xiii)           133,217          127,119
            After-sales service income                        (ii)               1,680            5,368
            After-sales service fee                          (xiv)               5,767            5,119
            Platform service fee                             (viii)               962             3,674
            Subcontracting fee expense                       (xviii)           63,585               150
            IT and other service fees                        (viii)            76,445           95,776
            Addition of right-of-use assets                   (ix)                   –          12,698
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                17,605           19,350
            Interest on lease liabilities                                        1,340            1,496
            Construction service income                      (xix)            162,448           32,894
            Other service income                             (xvi)               5,370            1,651
            Other finance service fees                        (v)                    –                1
            Interest expense                                  (iv)                 20                 –
            Interest income                                   (iii)               357               507
290   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      46. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (a)    (continued)


                   Notes:


                   (i)      The sales of finished goods were made by reference to the prevailing market prices.


                   (ii)     The after-sales service income was determined with reference to the rates of other similar services
                            and the amount of general after-sales service expenses of the Group in the past.


                   (iii)    The interest was charged at rates ranging from 0.0001% to 8.00% (2022: from 0.01% to 5.00%) per
                            annum, which were determined with reference to the savings rates quoted by the People’s Bank of
                            China.


                   (iv)     The interest was charged at rates ranging from 0.01% to 4.74% (2022: 1.70% to 3.10%) per annum.


                   (v)      The other finance service fees were determined with reference to the rates of other similar services
                            provided by third party companies.


                   (vi)     The purchases of raw materials and finished goods were made at prices similar to those set by
                            independent third party suppliers or the acquisition price plus mark-ups.


                   (vii)    The sales of raw materials were made at the cost plus a certain mark-up which is mutually agreed.


                   (viii)   The platform and IT and other service fees were determined with reference to service expenses
                            charged by third party companies offering similar services.


                   (ix)     The price of addition of right-of-use assets was determined with reference to prices charged by third
                            party companies.


                   (x)      The rental, maintenance income and facilities usage income were determined with reference to the
                            rates of other similar premises.


                   (xi)     The rental expense was charged at rates ranging from RMB14 to RMB222 (2022: RMB55 to
                            RMB131) per square meter. The licence fee was charged at rate of HK$37 (2022: from HK$34 to
                            HK$39) per square feet.
                                                             TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023           291

                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                      31 December 2023




46. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (a)   (continued)


         Notes: (continued)


         (xii)     Brand promotion fee incurred by TCL Industries Holdings was made based on 2.25% (2022: 2.22%)
                   of the annual sales of products using TCL brand within the PRC, 0.75% (2022: 0.70%) of the annual
                   sales of products using TCL brand outside the PRC and 0.25% (2022: 0.25%) of the annual sales
                   of products of ODM and OEM brands, as defined in the Master Brand Promotion (2022-2024)
                   Agreement.


         (xiii)    The research and development expenses represent human resource costs allocated to the Group in
                   respect of personnel of companies controlled by TCL Technology.


         (xiv)     The after-sales service fee was calculated and charged at a percentage of the sales revenue (capped
                   at 2%) of certain TV products in the PRC market.


         (xv)      The promotion fee income was determined with reference to the percentage charged by other active
                   market participants in providing similar promotion services.


         (xvi)     The platform and other service income was determined with reference to the rates of similar services
                   provided to other third party companies.


         (xvii)    The logistics service fee was determined with reference to the rates of other similar services provided
                   by other third party companies.


         (xviii)   The subcontracting fee expense was determined with reference to subcontracting fees charged by
                   third party companies offering similar services.


         (xix)     The construction service income was determined with reference to the rates of similar services
                   provided to other third-party companies.
292   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      46. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (b)    Other material transactions with related parties:


                   (i)     On 5 January 2023, TCL King (Huizhou) entered into the equity transfer agreement with a
                           related party Shenzhen Qihang, pursuant to which TCL King (Huizhou) had agreed to sell,
                           and Shenzhen Qihang had agreed to purchase, 100% equity interest in Huizhou Yunxin at
                           the consideration of approximately HK$9,756,000, the transaction was completed on 28
                           February 2023.


                   (ii)    On 10 May 2023, TCL King (Huizhou) entered into the equity transfer agreement with
                           a related party Inner Mongolia Zhonghuan, pursuant to which TCL King (Huizhou) had
                           agreed to sell, and Inner Mongolia Zhonghuan had agreed to purchase, 100% equity
                           interest in Inner Mongolia TCL Optoelectronics at the consideration of approximately
                           HK$132,445,000, the transaction was completed on 31 August 2023.


                   (iii)   On 27 September 2023, Huizhou TCL Mobile entered into an equity transfer agreement
                           with TCL Industries Holdings, pursuant to which Huizhou TCL Mobile agreed to sell, and
                           TCL Industries Holdings agreed to purchase, the target equity interest representing 10%
                           equity interest in and of Huizhou Kuyu at the consideration of RMB51,000,000 (equivalent
                           to approximately HK$55,720,000).


                           Immediately prior to the completion of the disposal, Huizhou Kuyu was held as to 26% by
                           the Group through TCL King (Huizhou) and Huizhou TCL Mobile in aggregate, which held
                           16% and 10% equity interest in and of Huizhou Kuyu by TCL King (Huizhou) and Huizhou
                           TCL Mobile respectively, and as to 74% by TCL Industries Holdings. Upon completion
                           of the disposal, the Group would only hold 16% equity interest in and of Huizhou Kuyu
                           through TCL King (Huizhou), and Huizhou Kuyu ceased to be an associate company of the
                           Company. The transaction was completed in September 2023.


                   (iv)    On 13 May 2022, TCL Electronics (Huizhou) (an indirect subsidiary of the Company)
                           entered into an acquisition agreement with T.C.L. Industries Holdings (H.K.) (the
                           immediate controlling shareholder of the Company), pursuant to which T.C.L. Industries
                           (H.K.) conditionally agreed to sell, and TCL Electronics (Huizhou) conditionally agreed to
                           acquire, 100% of the equity interest in and of TCL Digital Technology (Shenzhen) at the
                           consideration of RMB116,031,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$136,731,000). The
                           transaction was completed in May 2022.


            (c)    Details of compensation of key management personnel of the Group are set out in notes 8 and
                   9 to the financial statements.


                   Except for the transactions with joint ventures, associates of the Group, addition of right-of-use
                   assets, deprecation of right-of-use assets, interest expense on lease liabilities and transactions
                   with certain affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings and TCL Technology and/or companies
                   controlled by TCL Technology included in note 46, all the above transactions disclosed in note
                   46 also constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in
                   Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    293

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2023




47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS
   The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with
   carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:


                                               Carrying amounts                      Fair values
                                                 2023             2022              2023             2022
                                              HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000


    Financial assets
    Equity investments designated
      at fair value through other
      comprehensive income                    323,592          200,433            323,592          200,433
    Trade receivables classified as
      financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                  937,580          340,313            937,580          340,313
    Bills receivable                        3,458,107        2,219,329        3,458,107         2,219,329
    Other receivables classified as
      financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                  250,764           76,136            250,764           76,136
    Financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                  943,102        1,266,076            943,102       1,266,076
    Derivative financial instruments          188,675          579,984            188,675          579,984


                                            6,101,820        4,682,271        6,101,820         4,682,271


    Financial liabilities
    Interest-bearing bank and other
      borrowings                            5,811,654        5,463,083        5,774,675         5,394,702
    Derivative financial instruments           96,518          134,214             96,518          134,214
    Financial liabilities associated with
      put option                              269,001          160,667            269,001          160,667
    Other long-term payables                     2,382          16,731              2,382           16,731


                                            6,179,555        5,774,695        6,142,576         5,706,314
294   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalent, trade receivable, trade
            payables and bills payables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other
            assets, and financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals approximate to their carrying
            amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.


            The Group’s finance department headed by the finance director is responsible for determining the
            policies and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance director
            reports directly to the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the
            finance department analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines
            the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial
            officer. The valuation process and results are discussed with the audit committee twice a year for
            interim and annual financial reporting.


            The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the
            instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced
            or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:


            The fair value of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings has been calculated by discounting the
            expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit
            risk and remaining maturities. The change in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance
            risk for interest-bearing bank and other borrowings as at 31 December 2023 was assessed to be
            insignificant.


            The fair value of the financial liabilities associated with put option is measured by discounted cash flow
            model using significant unobservable market inputs.


            The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices. The fair values of
            unlisted equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income have been
            estimated using a market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not supported by
            observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires the directors to determine comparable public
            companies (peers) based on industry, size, leverage and strategy, and to calculate an appropriate price
            multiple, such as enterprise value to sales (“EV/S”) multiple, price to sales (“P/S”) multiple and price
            to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, for each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by
            dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading multiple
            is then discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the comparable
            companies based on company-specific facts and circumstances. The discounted multiple is applied
            to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity investments to measure the fair value.
            The directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation technique, which are
            recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes in fair values,
            which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are reasonable, and that they were the most
            appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    295

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                          31 December 2023




47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products issued by
   banks in the PRC. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a
   discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar
   terms and risks.


   Derivative financial instruments, including forward currency contracts and foreign currency swaps are
   measured using valuation techniques similar to forward pricing and swap models, using present value
   calculations. The model incorporates various market observable inputs including the credit quality
   of counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates. The Group enters into these kinds of
   derivative financial instruments with various counterparties, principally financial institutions with AAA
   credit ratings. Derivative financial instruments, including call options and put options, are measured
   using valuation techniques of Black-Scholes Options Pricing Model. The model incorporates various
   market observable inputs including risk-free rate (“RFR”) and volatility. The carrying amounts of forward
   currency contracts, foreign currency swaps, call options and put options are the same as their fair
   values.


   As at 31 December 2023, the mark-to-market value of the derivative asset position was net of a credit
   valuation adjustment attributable to derivative counterparty default risk. The changes in counterparty
   credit risk had no material effect on the hedge effectiveness assessment for derivatives designated in
   hedge relationship and other financial instruments recognised at fair value.


   For the fair value of the unlisted equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income,
   management has estimated the potential effect of using reasonably possible alternatives as inputs to
   the valuation model.
296   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together
            with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31 December 2023 and 2022:

                                Valuation         Significant                                   Sensitivity of fair
                                technique         unobservable input    Range                   value to the input

              Unlisted equity   Valuation         Average EV/S          2023: 4.3x (2022: 3.9x 5% (2022: 5%) increase
                investments       multiples         multiple of peers     to 6.4x)              in multiple would result
                                                                                                in increase in fair value
                                                                                                by HK$690,000 (2022:
                                                                                                HK$800,000)

                                                  Average P/S           2023: 7.7x (2022: 3.7x 5% (2022: 5%) increase
                                                    multiple of peers     to 16.0x)             in multiple would result
                                                                                                in increase in fair value
                                                                                                by HK$358,000 (2022:
                                                                                                HK$1,515,000)

                                                  Average P/E           2023: 6.0x to 8.5x      5% (2022: 5%) increase in
                                                    multiple of peers     (2022: 11.5x to         multiple would result in
                                                                          23.1x)                  increase in fair value by
                                                                                                  HK$6,365,000 (2022:
                                                                                                  HK$9,347,000)

              Unlisted equity   Back Solve        RFR                   2023: Nil (2022: Nil)   1% (2022: 1%) increase
                investments       Method                                                         (decrease) in RFR would
                                                                                                 have no material impact
                                                                                                 on the fair value

                                                  Volatility            2023: Nil (2022: Nil)   1% (2022: 1%) increase
                                                                                                 (decrease) in volatility
                                                                                                 would have no material
                                                                                                 impact on the fair value

              Call option       Black-Scholes     RFR                   2023: 3.9% (2022:       1% (2022: 1%) increase
                                  Options                                 3.9% to 4.2%)          (decrease) in RFR would
                                  Pricing                                                        have no material impact
                                  Model and                                                      on the fair value
                                  Monte Carlo
                                  Simulations     Volatility            2023: 41.2% (2022:      1% (2022: 1%) increase
                                  Model                                   34.6% to 45.4%)        (decrease) in volatility
                                                                                                 would have no material
                                                                                                 impact on the fair value

              Put option        Black-Scholes     RFR                   2023: 3.9% (2022:       1% (2022: 1%) increase
                                  Options                                 3.9% to 4.2%)          (decrease) in RFR would
                                  Pricing Model                                                  have no material impact
                                                                                                 on the fair value

                                                  Volatility            2023: 41.2% (2022:      1% (2022: 1%) increase
                                                                          34.6% to 45.4%)        (decrease) in volatility
                                                                                                 would have no material
                                                                                                 impact on the fair value
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   297

                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                          31 December 2023




47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts determined
   by the Group that market participants would take into account when pricing the investments.


   Fair value hierarchy
   Assets measured at fair value:
   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
   instruments:


   As at 31 December 2023


                                                         Fair value measurement using
                                        Quoted prices       Significant     Significant
                                             in active      observable    unobservable
                                              markets           inputs           inputs
                                             (Level 1)       (Level 2)        (Level 3)             Total
                                             HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000


    Equity investments designated
      at fair value through other
      comprehensive income                      7,941                –         315,651           323,592
    Trade receivables classified as
      financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                         –        937,580                 –          937,580
    Bills receivable                                 –      3,458,107                 –       3,458,107
    Other receivables classified as
      financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                         –        250,764                 –          250,764
    Financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                         –        943,102                 –          943,102
    Derivative financial instruments                 –         41,359          147,316           188,675


                                                7,941       5,630,912          462,967        6,101,820
298   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Fair value hierarchy (continued)
            Assets measured at fair value: (continued)
            As at 31 December 2022


                                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                                   Quoted prices       Significant     Significant
                                                        in active     observable     unobservable
                                                         markets           inputs          inputs
                                                        (Level 1)       (Level 2)        (Level 3)       Total
                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000


              Equity investments designated
                at fair value through other
                comprehensive income                     16,804                 –        183,629      200,433
              Trade receivables classified as
                financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                         –        340,313                 –     340,313
              Bills receivable                                 –      2,219,329                 –    2,219,329
              Other receivables classified as
                financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                         –          76,136                –      76,136
              Financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                         –      1,266,076                 –    1,266,076
              Derivative financial instruments                 –        335,448          244,536      579,984


                                                         16,804       4,237,302          428,165     4,682,271
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   299

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2023




47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Fair value hierarchy (continued)
   The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:


                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value through other
      comprehensive income:
    At 1 January                                                                  183,629          124,552
    Additions                                                                      91,684           30,548
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 41)                                                –            1,768
    Disposals                                                                      (5,252)           (8,952)
    Total gains recognised in other comprehensive income                           36,614           36,006
    Income tax effect                                                              11,863           11,557
    Exchange realignment                                                           (2,887)          (11,850)


    At 31 December                                                                315,651          183,629


                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


    Derivative financial instruments:
    At 1 January                                                                  244,536          187,975
    Total gains/(losses) recognised in profit or loss                             (96,062)          54,979
    Exchange realignment                                                           (1,158)            1,582


    At 31 December                                                                147,316          244,536
300   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Fair value hierarchy (continued)
            Liabilities measured at fair value:
            As at 31 December 2023


                                                                      Fair value measurement using
                                                    Quoted prices       Significant      Significant
                                                          in active     observable     unobservable
                                                          markets            inputs          inputs
                                                          (Level 1)       (Level 2)       (Level 3)       Total
                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


              Derivative financial instruments                   –          96,518                –     96,518


            As at 31 December 2022


                                                                      Fair value measurement using
                                                    Quoted prices        Significant     Significant
                                                          in active     observable     unobservable
                                                           markets           inputs          inputs
                                                          (Level 1)       (Level 2)        (Level 3)      Total
                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


              Derivative financial instruments                   –        134,214                 –    134,214


            The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:


                                                                                              2023       2022
                                                                                          HK$’000      HK$’000


              Derivative financial instruments:
              At 1 January                                                                        –     17,579
              Total losses recognised in profit or loss                                           –    (17,579)


                                                                                                  –          –
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    301

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                              31 December 2023




47. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Fair value hierarchy (continued)
   Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:
   As at 31 December 2023


                                                             Fair value measurement using
                                            Quoted prices      Significant      Significant
                                                in active      observable     unobservable
                                                 markets            inputs          inputs
                                                (Level 1)        (Level 2)       (Level 3)              Total
                                                HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000


    Interest-bearing bank borrowings                    –      5,774,675                 –        5,774,675
    Financial liabilities associated with
      put option                                        –                –        269,001           269,001
    Other long-term payables                            –           2,382                –             2,382


                                                        –      5,777,057          269,001         6,046,058


   As at 31 December 2022


                                                             Fair value measurement using
                                            Quoted prices       Significant     Significant
                                                 in active     observable     unobservable
                                                 markets            inputs          inputs
                                                 (Level 1)       (Level 2)        (Level 3)             Total
                                                HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000


    Interest-bearing bank borrowings                    –      5,394,702                 –        5,394,702
    Financial liabilities associated with
      put option                                        –                –        160,667           160,667
    Other long-term payables                            –          16,731                –           16,731


                                                        –      5,411,433          160,667         5,572,100
302   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      48. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
            The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives, comprise bank loans, other
            interest-bearing borrowings, and cash and short-term deposits. The main purpose of these financial
            instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets
            and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.


            The Group also enters into derivative transactions including principally forward currency contracts. The
            purpose is to manage the currency risks arising from the Group’s operations and its sources of finance.
            It is, and has been throughout the year under review, the Group’s policy that no trading in financial
            instruments shall be undertaken.


            The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency
            risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Board reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these
            risks and they are summarised below. The Group’s accounting policies in relation to derivatives are set
            out in note 2.4 to the financial statements.


            Interest rate risk
            The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s
            debt obligations with floating interest rates.


            In general, the Group’s treasury department (the “Group Treasury”) implements all external financings
            to meet the borrowing needs of all subsidiaries. In some cases, subsidiaries may borrow directly from
            local banks upon approval from the Group Treasury in advance. At the subsidiary level, financing is
            generally done on a short-term floating rate basis. Long term financing is normally done at Group level.


            The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rate, with
            all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (through the impact on floating rate
            borrowings). There is no material impact on other components of the Group’s equity.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    303

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                           31 December 2023




48. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
   Interest rate risk (continued)
                                                                              Increase/         Increase/
                                                                             (decrease)        (decrease)
                                                                                in basis          in profit
                                                                                  points        before tax
                                                                                                 HK$’000


    2023


    USD                                                                             (25)            1,136


    USD                                                                              25            (1,136)


    2022


    USD                                                                             (25)            2,576


    USD                                                                              25            (2,576)


   Foreign currency risk
   The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from sales or purchases by
   operating units in currencies other than the units' functional currencies. In addition, certain bank
   loans were denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the entities to which they
   relate. The Group takes rolling forecasts on the foreign currency revenue and expenses and matches
   the currency and the amount incurred so as to alleviate the impact on business due to exchange
   rate fluctuations. The Group uses foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the foreign currency
   exposures.


   It is the Group’s policy to negotiate the terms of the hedging instruments to match the terms of the
   hedged items to maximise hedge effectiveness.


   The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably
   possible change in the exchange rates of currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant
   operating units, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (due to changes
   in the fair values of monetary assets and liabilities). There is no material impact on other components
   of the Group’s equity.
304   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      48. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
          (CONTINUED)
            Foreign currency risk (continued)
                                                                Increase/    Increase/
                                                               (decrease)    (decrease)
                                                              in exchange      in profit
                                                                    rates    before tax
                                                                       %      HK$’000

              2023

              If the HK$ weakens against the USD                       5      (272,754)
              If the HK$ weakens against the EUR                       5        (1,648)
              If the HK$ weakens against the RMB                       5       (65,393)
              If the HK$ weakens against the MXN                       5           838
              If the HK$ weakens against the THB                       5         8,422
              If the HK$ weakens against the PLN                       5        (1,150)
              If the RMB weakens against the USD                       5       (16,314)
              If the RMB weakens against the HKD                       5         2,782
              If the RMB weakens against the EUR                       5         2,438
              If the EUR weakens against the USD                       5       (30,467)
              If the EUR weakens against the HKD                       5           (50)
              If the EUR weakens against the RMB                       5          (315)
              If the EUR weakens against the PLN                       5       130,647
              If the USD weakens against the EUR                       5          (147)
              If the USD weakens against the PLN                       5         8,734
              If the THB weakens against the USD                       5            57
              If the MXN weakens against the USD                       5            17

              If the HK$ strengthens against the USD                   (5)     272,754
              If the HK$ strengthens against the EUR                   (5)       1,648
              If the HK$ strengthens against the RMB                   (5)      65,393
              If the HK$ strengthens against the MXN                   (5)        (838)
              If the HK$ strengthens against the THB                   (5)      (8,422)
              If the HK$ strengthens against the PLN                   (5)       1,150
              If the RMB strengthens against the USD                   (5)      16,314
              If the RMB strengthens against the HKD                   (5)      (2,782)
              If the RMB strengthens against the EUR                   (5)      (2,438)
              If the EUR strengthens against the USD                   (5)      30,467
              If the EUR strengthens against the HKD                   (5)          50
              If the EUR strengthens against the RMB                   (5)         315
              If the EUR strengthens against the PLN                   (5)    (130,647)
              If the USD strengthens against the EUR                   (5)         147
              If the USD strengthens against the PLN                   (5)      (8,734)
              If the THB strengthens against the USD                   (5)         (57)
              If the MXN strengthens against the USD                   (5)         (17)
                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   305

                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                 31 December 2023




48. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
   Foreign currency risk (continued)
                                                                   Increase/          Increase/
                                                                   (decrease)         (decrease)
                                                                 in exchange            in profit
                                                                        rates         before tax
                                                                           %           HK$’000


   2022


   If the HK$ weakens against the USD                                       5          (265,154)
   If the HK$ weakens against the EUR                                       5            (4,881)
   If the HK$ weakens against the RMB                                       5           (56,868)
   If the HK$ weakens against the MXN                                       5               327
   If the RMB weakens against the USD                                       5             6,317
   If the RMB weakens against the HKD                                       5             1,539
   If the RMB weakens against the EUR                                       5              (228)
   If the RMB weakens against the PLN                                       5             7,730
   If the EUR weakens against the USD                                       5                  3
   If the EUR weakens against the HKD                                       5              (711)
   If the USD weakens against the RMB                                       5                25
   If the THB weakens against the USD                                       5                (10)
   If the MXN weakens against the EUR                                       5                 (4)


   If the HK$ strengthens against the USD                                  (5)         265,154
   If the HK$ strengthens against the EUR                                  (5)            4,881
   If the HK$ strengthens against the RMB                                  (5)          56,868
   If the HK$ strengthens against the MXN                                  (5)             (327)
   If the RMB strengthens against the USD                                  (5)           (6,317)
   If the RMB strengthens against the HKD                                  (5)           (1,539)
   If the RMB strengthens against the EUR                                  (5)              228
   If the RMB strengthens against the PLN                                  (5)           (7,730)
   If the EUR strengthens against the USD                                  (5)                (3)
   If the EUR strengthens against the HKD                                  (5)              711
   If the USD strengthens against the RMB                                  (5)               (25)
   If the THB strengthens against the USD                                  (5)               10
   If the MXN strengthens against the EUR                                  (5)                 4
306   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      48. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
          (CONTINUED)
            Credit risk
            The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties and related parties. There is no
            requirement for collateral. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms
            are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an
            ongoing basis.


            Maximum exposure and year-end staging
            The tables below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
            Group’s credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is
            available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December.


            The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.


            As at 31 December 2023


                                                       12-month
                                                          ECLs                Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                               Simplified
                                                        Stage 1    Stage 2        Stage 3       approach         Total
                                                       HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


              Trade receivables measured at
                amortised cost*                               –           –              –    14,909,276    14,909,276
              Contract assets*                                –           –              –      147,702       147,702
              Financial assets included in
                prepayments, other receivables and
                other assets**
                – Normal                              7,147,072           –              –             –     7,147,072
                – Doubtful                                    –           –      222,817               –      222,817
              Cash and cash equivalents
                – Not yet past due                   10,736,877           –              –             –    10,736,877
              Restricted cash and pledged deposits
                – Not yet past due                      57,432            –              –             –       57,432


                                                     17,941,381           –      222,817      15,056,978    33,221,176
                                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023             307

                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                           31 December 2023




48. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
   Credit risk (continued)
   Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)
   As at 31 December 2022


                                                     12-month
                                                         ECLs                    Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                    Simplified
                                                      Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3       approach             Total
                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


       Trade receivables measured at
         amortised cost*                                     –               –               –   10,836,711      10,836,711
       Financial assets included in
         prepayments, other receivables and
         other assets**
         – Normal                                  3,645,037                 –               –               –    3,645,037
         – Doubtful                                          –               –     2,773,074                 –    2,773,074
       Cash and cash equivalents
         – Not yet past due                        9,390,941                 –               –               –    9,390,941
       Restricted cash and pledged deposits
         – Not yet past due                          119,555                 –               –               –       119,555


                                                  13,155,533                 –     2,773,074     10,836,711      26,765,318


   *         For trade receivables, contract assets and financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and
             other assets to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the
             provision matrix is disclosed in notes 23, 25 and 26 to the financial statements, respectively.


   **        The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets
             is considered to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the
             financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality
             of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.


   Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables
   are disclosed in note 23 to the financial statements.
308   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      48. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
          (CONTINUED)
            Liquidity risk
            The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool
            considers the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g. trade receivables)
            and projected cash flows from operations.


            The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the
            use of bank loans, lease liabilities and other interest-bearing borrowings.


            The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on
            the contractual undiscounted payments, was as follows:


                                                                             2023

                                                              More than     More than
                                                   Within     1 year but   2 years but
                                                 1 year or     less than     less than    More than
                                               on demand        2 years        5 years       5 years          Total
                                                 HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000


              Interest-bearing bank and
                other borrowings                4,989,099      677,757       225,724               –    5,892,580
              Lease liabilities                  210,789       106,125       132,734         23,304       472,952
              Trade payables                   19,115,674             –              –             –   19,115,674
              Bills payable                     4,892,498             –              –             –    4,892,498
              Derivative financial
                instruments                       96,518              –              –             –        96,518
              Financial liabilities
                associated to put option                –             –              –     269,001        269,001
              Financial liabilities included
                in other payables              11,475,187             –              –             –   11,475,187


                                               40,779,765      783,882       358,458       292,305     42,214,410
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   309

                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                        31 December 2023




48. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
   Liquidity risk (continued)

                                                                  2022

                                                   More than     More than
                                         Within    1 year but   2 years but
                                       1 year or   less than      less than     More than
                                     on demand       2 years        5 years       5 years          Total
                                       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


    Interest-bearing bank and
      other borrowings                4,471,675     262,930       787,862         41,577      5,564,044
    Lease liabilities                  160,837       97,324       119,303         69,009        446,473
    Trade payables                   14,086,945            –              –             –   14,086,945
    Bills payable                     4,859,890            –              –             –     4,859,890
    Derivative financial
      instruments                      134,214             –              –             –       134,214
    Financial liabilities
      associated with put option       162,423             –              –             –       162,423
    Financial liabilities included
      in other payables               8,116,868            –              –             –     8,116,868


                                     31,992,852     360,254       907,165        110,586    33,370,857


   Capital management
   The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
   continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and
   maximise shareholders' value.


   The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
   conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment
   to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the
   objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2023 and
   2022.
310   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      48. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
          (CONTINUED)
            Capital management (continued)
            The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by the total capital. The
            Group’s policy is to maintain the gearing ratio not exceeding 100%. Net debt is calculated as a total
            of lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, less cash and cash equivalents and
            restricted cash and pledged deposits. Total capital refers to equity attributable to owners of the parent.
            The gearing ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:


                                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                           Notes           HK$’000         HK$’000
                                                                                                          (Restated)


              Lease liabilities                                             16(b)          407,316         409,741
              Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                     33           5,811,654      5,463,083
              Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                28       (10,736,877)      (9,390,941)
                  Restricted cash and pledged deposits                       28             (57,432)      (119,555)


              Net assets                                                                 (4,575,339)    (3,637,672)


              Equity attributable to owners of the parent                                16,707,654     16,463,669


              Gearing ratio                                                                    N/A              N/A
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   311

                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                          31 December 2023




49. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
   Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period
   is as follows:

                                                                                  2023              2022
                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                               (Restated)

    NON-CURRENT ASSETS
    Investments in subsidiaries                                              5,603,755        5,520,119
    Right-of-use assets                                                          6,439           10,302

    Total non-current assets                                                 5,610,194        5,530,421

    CURRENT ASSETS
    Due from related parties                                                 4,318,784        4,321,955
    Other receivables                                                           68,474           60,780
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                    1,201              315

    Total current assets                                                     4,388,459        4,383,050

    CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Due to related parties                                                     734,743          359,502
    Other payables and accruals                                                  8,615           17,178
    Lease liabilities                                                            3,939            3,606

    Total current liabilities                                                  747,297          380,286

    NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                       3,641,162        4,002,764

    TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                    9,251,356        9,533,185

    NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
    Lease liabilities                                                             2,339            6,651
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                         27                8
    Other long-term payables                                                        317                –

    Total non-current liabilities                                                 2,683            6,659

    Net assets                                                               9,248,673        9,526,526

    EQUITY
    Issued capital                                                           2,507,569        2,499,780
    Reserves                                                                 6,741,104        7,026,746

    Total equity                                                             9,248,673        9,526,526




   DU Juan                                            PENG Pan
   Director                                           Director
312   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2023




      49. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
          (CONTINUED)
            A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                                  Shares
                                                               Share      Share                  held for   Awarded
                                                            premium      option     Capital    the Award       share     Retained
                                                             account    reserve∆    reserve#     Scheme      reserve*    earnings        Total
                                                            HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000
                                                           (note 36)


              At 1 January 2022                          4,906,432     126,074     738,936     (246,965)    232,227     1,708,728    7,465,432
              Total comprehensive loss for the year
                (restated)                                       –           –            –            –           –      (62,833)     (62,833)
              Equity-settled share option arrangements           –          91            –            –           –            –           91
              Issue of shares upon exercise of share
                options                                     19,340      (6,489)           –            –           –            –      12,851
              Issue of shares under the 2008 Share Award
                Scheme                                           –            –           –      (15,498)          –            –      (15,498)
              Employee share-based compensation
                benefits under the 2008 Share
                Award Scheme (note 37)                           –            –           –            –    147,629             –     147,629
              Purchase of shares for the 2008 Share
                Award Scheme (note 37)                           –            –           –      (53,666)          –            –      (53,666)
              Vesting of shares under the 2008 Share
                Award Scheme                                     –            –           –      79,035     (142,477)           –      (63,442)
              Profit distribution to owners               (403,818)           –           –           –            –            –     (403,818)


              At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023       4,521,954   119,676     738,936     (237,094)    237,379     1,645,895    7,026,746


              Total comprehensive loss for the year                –          –           –            –           –       (2,207)      (2,207)
              Issue of shares upon exercise of share
                options                                         240        (83)           –            –           –            –         157
              Issue of shares under the 2008 Share Award
                Scheme                                             –          –           –       (7,732)          –            –       (7,732)
              Employee share-based compensation benefits
                under the 2008 Share Award Scheme
                (note 37)                                          –          –           –            –     83,636             –      83,636
              Vesting of shares under the 2008 Share
                Award Scheme                                      –           –           –      54,691     (104,716)           –     (50,025)
              Profit distribution to owners                (309,471)          –           –           –            –            –    (309,471)


              At 31 December 2023                          4,212,723   119,593     738,936     (190,135)    216,299     1,643,688    6,741,104
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023         313

                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                 31 December 2023




49. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
    (CONTINUED)
   A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows: (continued)


   ∆     The share option reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be exercised, as
         further explained in the accounting policy for share-based payments in note 2.4 to the financial statements.
         The amount will either be transferred to the share premium account when the related options are exercised,
         or be transferred to retained profits should the related options expire after the exercisable period.

   #     The capital reserve arose as a result of the Group reorganisation in 1999 and represents the excess of the
         fair value of the shares of the subsidiaries acquired over the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued
         in exchange therefor.

   *     The awarded share reserve represents the excess of the fair value of the Awarded Shares over the total
         cost (including related transaction costs) of the Awarded Shares awarded and vested to the 2008 Selected
         Persons at the date of award.



50. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   On 25 January 2024, the Company granted an aggregate of 82,270,000 awarded shares of the
   Company pursuant to the 2023 Share Award Scheme to a total of 363 2023 Selected Persons,
   being Directors and chief executives of the Company, other Employee Participants and Related Entity
   Participants, subject to their acceptance.


51. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board on 28 March 2024.
314   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Five Year Financial Summary




      A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the
      last five financial years, as extracted from the published audited financial statements and reclassified/re-
      presented as appropriate, is set out below.


                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                      2023           2022           2021         2020           2019
                                                   HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000
                                                                (Restated)


       RESULTS
       CONTINUING OPERATIONS
       REVENUE                                  78,986,064    71,351,415    74,846,888     50,952,927     36,335,232


       PROFIT BEFORE TAX FROM
         CONTINUING OPERATIONS                   1,148,184       835,528      1,447,766      2,079,338      1,999,484

       Income tax                                 (321,375)     (281,694)      (168,476)      (185,935)      (128,237)


       PROFIT FOR THE YEAR FROM
         CONTINUING OPERATIONS                     826,809       553,834     1,279,290      1,893,403       1,871,247

       DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
       Profit for the year from discontinued
         operations                                      –             –              –     1,752,216        457,836


       PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                         826,809       553,834     1,279,290      3,645,619       2,329,083


       Attributable to:
         Owners of the parent                      743,633       446,975      1,183,999      3,599,442      2,283,416
         Non-controlling interests                  83,176       106,859         95,291         46,177         45,667


                                                   826,809       553,834     1,279,290      3,645,619       2,329,083



      ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                     2023           2022          2021       2020              2019
                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                               (Restated)


       TOTAL ASSETS                             64,776,450 55,108,941 59,538,065 52,336,259 33,332,087
       TOTAL LIABILITIES                       (47,470,364) (38,227,840) (41,161,866) (35,601,382) (21,391,189)
       NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS                  (598,432)    (417,432)    (414,863)    (570,687)    (356,776)


                                               16,707,654     16,463,669    17,961,336     16,164,190     11,584,122
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   315

                                                                                                      Glossary




In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms have the following meanings
when used herein:

“2008 Share Award Scheme”        the restricted share award scheme adopted by the Company on 6 February
                                 2008 (as amended from time to time), which expired on 5 February 2023;

“2016 Share Option Scheme”       the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 18 May 2016, which
                                 was terminated on 3 November 2023;

“2023 AGM”                       the AGM held on 1 June 2023;

“2023 Share Award Scheme”        the share award scheme adopted by the Company on 3 November 2023;

“2023 Share Option Scheme”       the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 3 November 2023;

“ACCA”                           Association of Chartered Certified Accountants;

“AGM”                            annual general meeting of the Company;

“AI”                             artificial intelligence;

“AR”                             augmented reality;

“Articles”                       the articles of association of the Company as amended from time to time;

“associate(s)”                   has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules;

“Audit Committee”                the audit committee of the Company;

“AWE Award”                      an award presented during the China Home Appliance and Consumer
                                 Electronics Expo, which is one of the top three global home appliance and
                                 consumer electronics exhibitions;

“Board”                          the board of Directors;

“Board Committee(s)”             the committee(s) under the Board, including the Audit Committee,
                                 Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee and Strategy Committee;

“Board Diversity Policy”         the board diversity policy of the Company adopted on 13 August 2013;

“Cayman Law”                     the laws of the Cayman Islands;

“CEO”                            the chief executive officer;

“CES”                            Consumer Electronics Show;

“CFO”                            the chief financial officer;

“CG Code”                        the corporate governance code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                                 Rules;
316   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Glossary




      “China IOL”                      Beijing Zhixindao Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 北京智信道科技股份有限公司 ), an
                                       industry chain research platform in the PRC, providing industry analysis and
                                       research reports on household appliances, refrigeration and air conditioning,
                                       heating and ventilation, components, and other related industries;

      “Circana”                        Circana Group, a market research company that provides global data,
                                       industry expertise and analysis from a variety of perspectives that
                                       formed through the merger of NPD Group L.P. and Information Resources
                                       Corporation;

      “CMM”                            China Market Monitor Co., Ltd., a research institute focused on the research
                                       of consumer goods and the retail home appliance market in the PRC;

      “Code Provision(s)”              the code provision(s) of the CG Code;

      “Company” or                     TCL Electronics Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman
        “TCL Electronics”              Islands with limited liability, the shares of which are listed on the Main
                                       Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 01070.HK);

      “connected person(s)”            has the meanings ascribed to it under the Listing Rules;

      “COO”                            the chief operating officer;

      “CSOT”                           TCL China Star Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd.* (TCL 華星光電技術有限
                                       公司 ), formerly known as Shenzhen China Star Optoelectronics Technology
                                       Co., Ltd.* ( 深圳市華星光電技術有限公司 ), a company established under the
                                       laws of the PRC with limited liability, a subsidiary of TCL Technology;

      “CTO”                            the chief technology officer;

      “Deed of Non-Competition         the deed executed by TCL Industries Holdings, T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) and
        (2020)”                        the Company on 29 June 2020 in favour of the Company whereby each of
                                       TCL Industries Holdings and T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) has undertaken not to
                                       (save for the exception as defined on page 39 of the announcement of the
                                       Company dated 29 June 2020), directly or indirectly, carry on or be engaged
                                       or interested in the manufacture and assembly of TCL brand TV sets and
                                       smart phones;

      “Deed of Termination (2020)”     the deed executed by TCL Technology, T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) and the
                                       Company on 29 June 2020 pursuant to which the parties agreed to terminate
                                       the Deed of Non-Competition (1999) as amended from time to time and TCL
                                       Technology has undertaken not to (save for the Exception as defined on
                                       page 39 of the announcement of the Company dated 29 June 2020), directly
                                       or indirectly, carry on or be engaged or interested in the manufacture and
                                       assembly of TV sets bearing TCL brand;

      “Director(s)”                    the director(s) of the Company;

      “Dividend Policy”                the dividend policy of the Company which was confirmed and consolidated
                                       on 20 December 2018 and took effect from 1 January 2019;

      “EGM”                            the extraordinary general meeting of the Company;

      “Emerging Markets”               regions such as Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Middle East and Africa, etc.;
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   317

                                                                                                  Glossary




“ESG”                         environmental, social and governance;

“Falcon Network Technology”   Shenzhen Falcon Network Technology Co., Ltd.* (formerly literally translated
                              and known as Shenzhen Thunderbird Network Technology Company Limited)
                              ( 深 圳 市 雷 鳥 網 絡 科 技 有 限 公 司 ), a limited liability company established
                              and subsisting under the laws of the PRC, an indirect non-wholly-owned
                              subsidiary of the Company;

“Falcon Network Technology    Falcon Network Technology and its subsidiaries;
  Group”

“Finance Company (HK)”        TCL Finance (Hong Kong) Co., Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong
                              with limited liability and a direct subsidiary of T.C.L. Industries (H.K.);

“FPD”                         flat panel display;

“GDP”                         gross domestic product;

“GfK”                         Gesellschaft für Konsumforschung, a consumer goods and global market
                              research organisation headquartered in Nuremberg, Germany;

“GMV”                         gross merchandise volume;

“Group”                       the Company and its subsidiaries collectively;

“HK$”                         Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong;

“HKAS”                        Hong Kong Accounting Standard;

“HKFRS(s)”                    Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards;

“HKICPA”                      Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants;

“Hong Kong”                   the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC;

“Hong Kong Companies          the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong);
  Ordinance”

“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”    The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;

“Huizhou Kuyu”                Huizhou Kuyu Network Technology Co., Ltd.* ( 惠州酷友網絡科技有限公司 ),
                              a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability and a
                              subsidiary of TCL Industries Holdings;

“Huizhou TCL Mobile”          Huizhou TCL Mobile Communication Co., Ltd., a company established
                              under the laws of the PRC with limited liability and an indirect wholly-owned
                              subsidiary of the Company;

“IDC”                         International Data Corporation, a global provider of market information
                              and consulting services related to the information technology,
                              telecommunications and consumer technology markets;

“IFPD”                        interactive flat panel display;
318   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Glossary




      “IoT”                            Internet of Things;

      “LED”                            light emitting diode;

      “Listing Rules”                  the rules governing the listing of securities on the Hong Kong Stock
                                       Exchange;

      “Memorandum”                     the memorandum of association of the Company as amended from time to
                                       time;

      “Model Code”                     the model code for securities transactions by directors of listed issuers as
                                       set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules;

      “Nomination Committee”           the nomination committee of the Company;

      “Nomination Policy”              the nomination policy of the Company, which was adopted on 20 December
                                       2018 and took effect from 1 January 2019;

      “Omdia”                          a global technology research organisation formed through the merger of the
                                       research divisions (Ovum/Heave Reading and Tractica) and the acquisition of
                                       IHS Markit International;

      “OPCO”                           Ningbo Falcon Digital Entertainment Co., Ltd.* ( 寧波雷鳥數字娛樂有限公司 ),
                                       formerly known as Hawk Digital Entertainment Technology (Shenzhen) Co.,
                                       Limited* ( 豪客數字娛樂科技 ( 深圳 ) 有限公司 ) and Shenzhen Falcon Digital
                                       Entertainment Co., Ltd.* ( 深 圳 市 雷 鳥 數 字 娛 樂 科 技 有 限 公 司 ), a limited
                                       company established under the laws of the PRC and an indirect non-wholly-owned
                                       subsidiary of the Company;

      “OTT”                            Over The Top, an acronym for a variety of media services provided directly to
                                       viewers via the internet;

      “PRC” or “China”                 the People’s Republic of China excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special
                                       Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan for the purposes of this annual
                                       report;

      “PRC Equity Owners”              Mr. WANG Hao and Ms. ZHU Xiaojiang, the details of which are set out on
                                       page 129 of this annual report;

      “QD”                             quantum dot;

      “R&D”                            research and development;

      “RayNeo”                         RayNeo Co., Ltd. (formerly literally translated and known as Falcon
                                       Innovations Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd), a company established under
                                       the laws of the PRC with limited liability, which primarily operates the
                                       Group’s smart glasses business and 11.73% equity interest of which was
                                       held by the Group as at 31 December 2023;

      “Remuneration Committee”         the remuneration committee of the Company;

      “RMB”                            Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC;
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    319

                                                                                                   Glossary




“RUNTO”                         Beijing Runto Technology Co., Ltd., a third-party organisation in the PRC that
                                provides data products and research and advisory services;

“SFO”                           the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong);

“Share(s)”                      share(s) of the Company;

“Shareholder(s)”                shareholder(s) of the Company;

“Sigmaintell”                   Sigmaintell Consulting Co., Ltd., a service company in the PRC specialising
                                in research and consulting for the global high-tech industry;

“smart screen”                  smart TVs under the large-sized display business, over 95% of the Group’s
                                TVs in terms of shipment volume are smart screen products;

“STA”                           SEMP Amazonas S.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Brazil with
                                limited liability;

“Strategy Committee”            the strategy committee of the Company established on 22 September 2017;

“subsidiary(ies)”               any entity within the meaning of the term “subsidiary” as defined in the
                                Listing Rules and the term “subsidiaries” shall be construed accordingly;

“TCL Communication”             TCL Communication Technology Holdings Limited, a company incorporated
                                in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, whose shares were listed on
                                the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from September 2004 to
                                September 2016 (then stock code: 02618.HK), which has become a direct
                                wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company since 1 September 2020;

“TCL Finance”                   TCL Technology Finance Co., Ltd.* (TCL 科技集團財務有限公司 , formerly
                                known as TCL Finance Co., Ltd.* (TCL 集 團 財 務 有 限 公 司 )), a company
                                established in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of TCL
                                Technology;

“TCL Finance Lease (Zhuhai)”    TCL Finance Lease (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd.* (TCL 融資租賃 ( 珠海 ) 有限公司 ), a
                                limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of
                                TCL Industries Holdings;

“TCL Industries Holdings”       TCL Industries Holdings Co., Ltd.* (TCL 實業控股股份有限公司 ), formerly
                                known as TCL Industries Holdings (Guangdong) Inc.* (TCL 實業控股 ( 廣東 ) 股
                                份有限公司 ), a joint stock limited company established under the laws of
                                the PRC;

“TCL Industries Holdings Group” TCL Industries Holdings and its subsidiaries;

“T.C.L. Industries (H.K.)”      T.C.L. Industries Holdings (H.K.) Limited, a company incorporated in Hong
                                Kong with limited liability, an immediate controlling Shareholder, and a
                                wholly-owned subsidiary of TCL Industries Holdings;

“TCL King (Huizhou)”            TCL King Electrical Appliances (Huizhou) Co., Ltd (TCL 王牌電器 ( 惠州 ) 有限
                                公司 ), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability
                                and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company;
320   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023



      Glossary




      “TCL NL”                         TCL Netherlands B.V., a company established under the laws of the
                                       Netherlands with limited liability and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                       the Company;

      “TCL SEMP”                       TCL SEMP Indústria e Comércio de Eletroeletrônicos S.A. (formerly known
                                       as SEMP TCL Indústria e Comércio de Eletroeletrônicos S.A.), a company
                                       incorporated under the laws of Brazil with limited liability, an indirect non-
                                       wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company;

      “TCL SEMP Eletroeletronicos”     TCL SEMP Eletroeletronicos Ltda. (formerly known as SEMP TCL Mobilidade
                                       Ltda.), a company incorporated under the laws of Brazil with limited liability,
                                       an indirect subsidiary of the Company;

      “TCL Technology”                 TCL Technology Group Corporation (TCL 科技集團股份有限公司 ), formerly
                                       known as TCL Corporation (TCL 集團股份有限公司 ), a joint stock limited
                                       company established under the laws of the PRC, the shares of which are
                                       listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000100.SZ);

      “TCL Technology Group”           TCL Technology and its subsidiaries;

      “Tencent Computer”               Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited* ( 深圳市騰訊計算
                                       機系統有限公司 ), a limited liability company established in the PRC and a
                                       wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent Holdings Limited (an exempted company
                                       incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, the shares of which
                                       are listed on the Main Board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code:
                                       00700.HK));

      “Trustee”                        the trustee appointed by the Board for the administration of the share award
                                       scheme(s);

      “TV(s)”                          television(s);

      “VIE Agreements”                 collectively the exclusive business cooperation agreement, the exclusive
                                       purchase right agreement, the equity pledge agreement, the authorisation
                                       letters, the confirmation letters and the spousal consent letters entered into
                                       between Falcon Network Technology, OPCO and/or the PRC Equity Owners
                                       and/or their spouses on 23 July 2019 (as amended or revised from time to
                                       time);

      “VIE Announcement”               the announcement of the Company dated 23 July 2019;

      “VIE Structure”                  the contractual arrangement pursuant to the VIE Agreements for the Group
                                       to indirectly participate in the value-added telecommunications business and
                                       internet cultural business in the PRC including video membership business
                                       with autopay and/or “WeChat Pay to merchant” and/or the like function;

      “XR”                             extended reality; and

      “%”                              per cent.

      The English translation of Chinese names or words in this annual report, where indicated by “*”, is included
      for information purpose only, and should not be regarded as the official English translation of such Chinese
      names or words.
