CONTENTS

Corporate Profile                              3
Year in Review 2025                            4
Corporate Information                          8



Financial Highlights                           9
Chairperson’s Statement                        10
Board of Directors                             16
Management Discussion and Analysis             25



Corporate Governance Report                    56
Human Resources and Social Responsibility      89



Report of the Directors                        95
Independent Auditor’s Report                   124



Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and   131
  Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position   134
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity    136
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows           138
Notes to Financial Statements                  142
Five Year Financial Summary                    301
Glossary                                       302
TCL Electronics is a world-leading
consumer electronics company that
covers display, innovative and internet
businesses. The Group actively reforms
and innovates under the strategy of
“Lead with Brand Value, Deepen Global
Operation, Drive with Technology and
Thrive on Vitality” with technological
advancement as the foundation. Focusing
on the mid-to-high-end markets around the
world, the Group strives to consolidate the
“Intelligent IoT Ecosystem” strategy and
is committed to providing users with an
all-scenario smart and healthy life while
developing into a world-leading smart
device company.
004   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




  2025                                                   YEAR IN REVIEW




           Jan
                                                                                Feb
       ●   Launched X11K QD-Mini LED TV in the North American
           market at the CES 2025, representing the “Pinnacle of
           Picture Quality”, pushing Mini LED display technology to new
           heights, and showcased the world’s largest 115-inch QD-Mini
           LED TV QM891G and the third-generation TCL A300 Art TV
           series, integrating technology with aesthetics
                                                                            ●   TCL officially became an Olympic Worldwide Partner,
       ●   Showcased the world’s first modular smart home companion             providing technology, product, and service support
           robot, TCL AiMe, featuring an innovative mobile capsule              for the Olympic Games in the smart device field with
           base and multimodal natural interaction capabilities. Tailored       industry-leading multi-category products such as TVs,
           for modern families, it aims to provide deep emotional               air conditioners, refrigerators, and washing machines
           companionship and a highly personalised human-like
           interaction experience

       ●   As recognition for its outstanding all-around performance in
           the consumer electronics field, TCL was awarded “Top 10
           Leading Consumer Electronics Brands of 2024-2025” and
           “Top 10 Global TV Brands of 2024-2025”
                                                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025           005




                                                               ●
                                                                MayRayNeo released its 2025 flagship glasses, RayNeo




    Mar
                                                                   X3 Pro, and simultaneously launched the newly
                                                                   upgraded Pocket TV series Air 3s and Air 3s Pro.
                                                                   With comprehensive evolution of core functions,
                                                                   these products once again led the technological
                                                                   trend of the AR industry

●   Launched the industry-leading fourth-generation LCD
    TV Q10L Pro, featuring the industry-first Infinite View
    QD-Mini LED technology to achieve a true full-screen
    borderless display, once again redefining industry
    standards




                                                                        ●
                                                                            Jun
                                                                            Capital Market Awards: TCL Electronics won
                                                                            numerous prestigious awards, including the 11th
                                                                            HKIRA IR Awards’ “Best IR Company”, “Best IR by
                                                                            Chairman/CEO”, “Best IR by CFO”, “Best IR”, and
                                                                            “Best IR Team”
006   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




  2025                                                 YEAR IN REVIEW




       ●
             Jul
           TCL Electronics was awarded the “ESG
           Environmental Excellence Enterprise” in the
           Gelonghui “Global Investment Carnival 2025” for
           its outstanding contributions and firm commitment
           to sustainable development




                  ●
                      Aug
                      TCL as an Olympic Worldwide Partner officially announced Eileen GU, an Olympic champion in freestyle
                      skiing, as the TCL Global Brand Ambassador. Eileen GU also joined the Team TCL “Inspire Greatness”
                      athlete roster to participate in the 2026 Milano Cortina Winter Olympics torch relay as a TCL representative,
                      jointly conveying the brand spirit of “Inspire Greatness” to the world
                                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   007




●
    Sep
    Launched TCL X11L SQD-Mini LED TV, equipped with full-
    domain precise light control, world-leading super quantum
    dot technology, and a crystal-clear high colour gamut screen,
    breaking the industry’s 10-year colour gamut bottleneck with
    true pinnacle display technology; released the benchmark
    RGB-Mini LED TVs Q10M Ultra and Q9M, establishing six new
    industry benchmarks in “appearance, smart control, sound
    quality, screen, colour, and light control”

●   TCL was listed as “Google x Kantar BrandZ Top 50 Chinese
    Global Brand Builders” for nine consecutive years, ranking
    10th with a significant growth of 20% in terms of brand power




                            ●
                                Dec
                                Capital Market Awards: TCL Electronics was
                                honoured with “Listed Enterprises 2025”
                                and “Best Performance” at the 10th “Listed
                                E n t e r p r i s e s 2025” s e l e c t i o n b y B l o o m b e r g
                                Businessweek/Chinese Edition
008   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Information*




      BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
      Executive Directors                                               AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                                        Suntera (Cayman) Limited
      Ms. DU Juan (Chairperson)
                                                                        Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3
      Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong (CEO)
                                                                        Building D, P.O. Box 1586
      Mr. PENG Pan (CFO)
                                                                        Gardenia Court, Camana Bay
      Mr. SUN Li
                                                                        Grand Cayman, KY1-1100
                                                                        Cayman Islands
      Independent Non-Executive Directors
      Professor WANG Yijiang
      Mr. LAU Siu Ki
                                                                        HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
      Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max (appointed as an independent
                                                                        REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
        non-executive Director with effect from
                                                                        OFFICE
                                                                        Tricor Investor Services Limited
        6 June 2025)
                                                                          (with effect from 28 February 2025)
      Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter (retired as
                                                                        Tricor Tengis Limited (ceased from 28 February 2025)
        an independent non-executive Director with
                                                                        17/F, Far East Finance Centre
        effect from 6 June 2025)
                                                                        16 Harcourt Road
                                                                        Hong Kong
      JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
      Mr. CHEN Ming (appointed as a joint company
       secretary with effect from 24 June 2025)
                                                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
      Ms. CHOY Fung Yee, Solicitor, Hong Kong
                                                                        BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
                                                                        5/F, Building 22E
      Mr. PENG Pan (resigned as a joint company secretary
                                                                        22 Science Park East Avenue
       with effect from 24 June 2025)
                                                                        Hong Kong Science Park
                                                                        Shatin, New Territories, Hong Kong
      AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
      Ms. DU Juan
      Ms. CHOY Fung Yee, Solicitor, Hong Kong
                                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                                        P.O. Box 309
      Mr. PENG Pan (alternate authorised representative to
                                                                        Ugland House, Grand Cayman
       both Ms. DU Juan and Ms. CHOY Fung Yee)
                                                                        KY1-1104, Cayman Islands

      AUDITOR
      Ernst & Young
                                                                        INVESTOR AND MEDIA
      Certified Public Accountants
                                                                        RELATIONS
                                                                        LBS Communications Consulting Limited
      Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                                        Unit C, 17/F, Neich Tower
      27/F One Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road
                                                                        128 Gloucester Road
      Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
                                                                        Wan Chai, Hong Kong

      LEGAL ADVISOR
      Ronald Tong & Co
                                                                        WEBSITE
                                                                        http://electronics.tcl.com
      Room 501, 5/F, Sun Hung Kai Centre
      30 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong



      *   The latest practicable date for ascertaining information in this section is 23 April 2026.
                                               TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   009


                                                                        Financial Highlights




FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

                                                    For the year ended 31 December

                                                     2025                 2024            Change
                                                HK$ Million          HK$ Million

Revenue                                            114,583               99,322            15.4%

Gross profit                                         17,900              15,554            15.1%

Profit after tax                                      2,527                1,849           36.7%

Profit attributable to owners of the parent           2,495                1,759           41.8%

Non-HKFRS measure:
  Adjusted profit attributable to owners
    of the parent                                     2,512                1,606           56.5%

Proposed final dividend per share (HK cents)          49.80                31.80           56.6%
010   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Dear Consumers, Shareholders, Partners and All Employees
      Worldwide,
      In 2025, the global economy moved forward slowly amid the challenges posed by geopolitical volatility and
      trade policy uncertainty, while easing inflation and the dawn of a technological revolution offered renewed
      hope. A new wave of AI-driven technological and industrial transformation accelerated from computing
      infrastructure to industry applications, creating structural opportunities for enterprises worldwide to reshape
      the competitive landscape. In the face of a complex and ever-changing external environment, we remained
      committed to our vision of “Global Leadership” and steadfastly advanced our dual-engine strategy of
      “Globalisation” and “Technology-Driven Development”. By navigating economic cycles with resilience, we
      achieved new highs in operating results and further deepened our global footprint. In 2025, TCL Electronics
      continued to achieve growth in both scale and profitability, with stronger product competitiveness, while
      outstanding performance across overseas regions made international business the core engine of growth.


      On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my highest respect and heartfelt gratitude to consumers
      around the world who trust us, Shareholders who have supported us over the long term, partners who have
      stood by us, and all our dedicated employees worldwide. I am honoured to present the annual results for
      2025.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     011


                                                                              Chairperson’s Statement




Globalisation Strategy Driving High-Quality Growth, Continued Improvement
in Operating Efficiency and New Heights of Operating Results
Looking back at 2025, market competition remained fierce, yet the advantages of leading brands with a global
footprint and superior operating efficiency became even more pronounced. In 2025, the Company focused
on mid-to-high-end positioning, technological differentiation and reliable quality across all product lines, while
regional teams deepened strategic channel partnerships, strengthened retail management and forged closer
connections with consumers, driving steady and high-quality growth overall. In 2025, the Company’s revenue
reached HK$114.58 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.4%; gross profit reached HK$17.90
billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.1%; and gross profit margin remained stable at 15.6%.
Meanwhile, the Company’s operating efficiency continued to improve, with the overall expense ratio decreasing
by 0.7 percentage points year-on-year to 11.1% in 2025. In addition, the Company maintained a solid financial
position. As at 31 December 2025, cash and cash equivalents increased by 54.2% year-on-year to HK$13.52
billion, and the cash conversion cycle improved by 1 day year-on-year to 42 days. The synergies between the
mid-to-high-end strategy and improved operating efficiency continued to strengthen the Company’s profitability,
with net profit increasing by 36.7% year-on-year to HK$2.53 billion, adjusted profit attributable to owners of
the parent increasing by 56.5% year-on-year to HK$2.51 billion, and return on equity (calculated by dividing
adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent by average equity attributable to the owners of the parent)
improving by 4.3 percentage points year-on-year to 13.8%.


As the Group’s results reached new highs, we would like to express our sincere gratitude to every Shareholder
who has steadfastly supported TCL Electronics. Every investment made by our Shareholders reflects their
trust in and commitment to the Company’s future development. In 2025, the Group upheld its long-term
management philosophy and maintained a dividend policy of high payout ratio, remaining committed to sharing
the fruits of development with Shareholders. The Board hereby proposes a final dividend of HK49.80 cents
per share for 2025, representing a dividend payout ratio of 50% of the adjusted profit attributable to owners
of the parent, in recognition of our Shareholders’ long-standing trust and support.
012   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Chairperson’s Statement




      Adhering to Mid-to-High-End and Large-Screen Strategies, Fully Embracing
      AI Development, and Enhancing Product and Service Experience and
      Operational Efficiency
      We firmly believe that exceptional products and services are the cornerstone of success in global markets.
      In 2025, TCL TV’s global market share by shipment and sales revenue increased to 14.7% and 13.1%, firmly
      ranking among the top two and top three in the global market, respectively. In particular, mid-to-high-end
      and large-screen products delivered outstanding performance, with global shipments of TCL Mini LED TVs
      doubling year-on-year and market share maintaining the number one position globally, contributing to a 7.7%
      year-on-year increase in revenue from the large-sized display business to HK$64.71 billion, while gross profit
      margin improved by 1.3 percentage points year-on-year to 16.8%. Meanwhile, the internet business focused
      on upgrading user experience and accelerating its expansion into international markets. In 2025, the internet
      business continued to deliver strong profitability, with revenue increasing by 18.3% year-on-year to HK$3.11
      billion, while gross profit margin remained at a robust 56.4%. Furthermore, TCL TV became the first in the
      industry to integrate Google’s AI assistant, Gemini, laying the foundation for future growth in overseas internet
      revenue. The innovative business maintained strong growth momentum, with revenue increasing by 31.9%
      year-on-year to HK$35.63 billion. Among these, the photovoltaic business adhered to disciplined operations
      and risk management, steadily consolidating its domestic leadership while continuously improving operating
      efficiency, and leveraged the SunPower brand and TCL’s global service resources to accelerate its expansion
      into Europe’s high-value integrated “solar-storage-heating” market. In 2025, revenue from the photovoltaic
      business grew by a better-than-expected 63.6% year-on-year to HK$21.06 billion.


      On our journey of R&D and innovation, we adhered to the development philosophy of “Strengthening
      Capabilities Internally and Externally, Empowered by AI”, and remained committed to translating technological
      warmth into better user experience and stronger operational efficiency. In products and services, we used AI
      to reshape the interactive experience: debuting Gemini TV in overseas markets, further developing the Fuxi
      large language model and our proprietary content creation platform in the domestic market, making the TV
      operating system more intuitive and better attuned to users’ needs, and enhancing user engagement and
      monetisation potential. SQD-Mini LED won the CES Gold Award, establishing an industry benchmark for picture
      quality. NXTPAPER 4.0 technology and RayNeo AR glasses marked new progress in the mass production of
      full-colour Micro-LED, advancing the frontiers of eye-care and optical technologies. At the same time, with an
      eye on the future, we launched our first modular smart home companion robot, AiMe, and the HEMS home
      energy system, extending smart living into emotional companionship and green energy solutions. In terms of
      corporate operations, we embedded AI across the enterprise, connecting the entire value chain from R&D,
      manufacturing, supply chain to sales, and enabling data-driven lean growth from R&D precision and agile
      delivery to efficient asset turnover. Going forward, we will continue to uphold long-termism, allowing the seeds
      of innovation to bear fruit over time through each technological breakthrough and efficiency improvement.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    013


                                                                             Chairperson’s Statement




Global Operations, Local Integration, Quality Enhancement and Efficiency-
Driven Growth
In 2025, as the Company navigated an increasingly complex global market, the Company adopted “Global
Operations, Local Integration” as a core principle and firmly advanced its strategic transformation from scale
expansion to deeper value creation. We are keenly aware that only by taking root locally and growing together
with global partners can an enterprise thrive across economic cycles and achieve long-term sustainable
progress.


On the business front, we balanced strategic focus with forward-looking positioning. The Company will leverage
its milestone joint venture with Sony to further integrate top-tier technology and channel strengths, enhancing
its presence in the global premium market and consolidating its industry-leading position in the future. At
the same time, capitalising on the synergistic advantages of the large display organisation, we increased
strategic investment in R&D, supply chain and local talents, with a key focus on strengthening relatively
weaker product categories. Looking ahead, the Company will remain committed to pioneering technological
innovation and proactively positioning itself in new areas such as AR and robotics to incubate future growth
engines. On the operational front, we put our value-sharing philosophy into practice by pursuing mutually
beneficial strategic channel partnerships and improving retail efficiency in global markets, while maintaining
efficiency as a fundamental operating discipline. We leveraged AI to empower the entire value chain from R&D
to delivery, building an agile and transparent supply chain system. The Company has a global TV production
capacity of over 30 million units, with a distributed manufacturing footprint that enables flexible allocation
and rapid response to market demand across regions. During the year, the Company proactively expanded and
reallocated production capacity in Mexico in a timely manner, effectively responding to global tariff challenges.
At the organisational level, we strengthened global cultural alignment and built an international talent pipeline
through a dual approach of global talent rotation and localised development. We also further integrated the
“Inspire Greatness” brand spirit with the Olympic spirit, ensuring that the Company remains vibrant and
competitive throughout its globalisation journey.
014   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Chairperson’s Statement




      Practising Green Development, Fulfilling Social Responsibilities,
      Optimising Governance and Creating Long-Term Sustainable Value
      The Company regards sustainable development as a long-term strategy, deeply embedding ESG principles
      into its global operations. In environmental terms, the Company remained committed to advancing green
      technology, with cumulative green electricity generated by its photovoltaic business reaching 14 billion
      kWh and contributing to a reduction of more than 10 million tonnes of carbon emissions. The Company
      continued to refine its green product portfolio, with over 8,300 products having received energy-saving and
      green certifications on a cumulative basis. Its core business maintained a B rating in CDP climate change
      assessment, and the mobile phone business received Gold medal in EcoVadis Rating. In terms of social
      responsibility, the Company remained committed to building a responsible supply chain, having completed
      mineral due diligence on over 280 suppliers and achieving 100% traceability of raw materials. The Company
      also actively contributed to the community, with annual charitable donations of approximately HK$20 million,
      continuously fostering a spirit of philanthropy. In terms of governance, the Company has built a diverse and
      inclusive organisational ecosystem, with female employees accounting for over 40% of the workforce, and
      overseas employees accounting for nearly 30%. The Company has strengthened its compliance safeguards,
      with anti-corruption training during the year covering over 10,000 participants. In recognition of its outstanding
      performance, the Company has received an A rating in the Hang Seng ESG assessment for eight consecutive
      years and an AA rating in the Wind ESG rating. Going forward, we will continue to enhance our ESG
      performance, creating long-term sustainable value for Shareholders and the wider society.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   015


                                                                             Chairperson’s Statement




Embracing Renewal, Building on Momentum, Deepening Global Presence
and Creating Long-Term Value Together
With steadfast resolve, we move forward to embrace the opportunities ahead. In the face of the profound
restructuring of the global industrial landscape, we are keenly aware that the mere accumulation of scale is
no longer sufficient to meet the challenges ahead. In 2026, the Company will adopt “Embracing Renewal,
Building on Momentum” as its operating principle, deepening its “Globalisation 3.0” strategy. We will
strengthen our market position through product premiumisation, enhance global influence through deeper
brand building, reinforce our efficiency foundation through refined operations, and unlock internal momentum
through organisational agility, driving the Company from scale-driven growth towards stronger operating quality
and core capabilities. At the same time, the Company will continue to practise “Global Operations, Local
Integration”, establishing a clearer overseas governance structure and deeper localisation to build a resilient
ecosystem capable of adapting to the evolving global landscape. Looking ahead, TCL Electronics will maintain
its strategic resolve, open up new paths amid change, and advance steadily towards true global leadership,
living up to every trust and expectation placed upon us.




DU Juan
Chairperson
27 March 2026
016   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Board of Directors




                        Ms. DU Juan                           Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong
                        EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                       EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR




                         Mr. PENG Pan                             Mr. SUN Li
                          EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                     EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   017


                                                                                   Board of Directors




 Professor WANG Yijiang                                         Mr. LAU Siu Ki
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                       INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR




                                     Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max
                                INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
018   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Board of Directors




                                                              Ms. DU Juan
                                                              EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR




         Born in May 1970, Ms. DU is the chairperson of the Board, an executive Director, a member of
         the Nomination Committee, the chairperson of the Strategy Committee and ESG Committee and a
         director of a subsidiary of the Company. Ms. DU joined the Company in August 2021. Ms. DU is also
         a director and the CEO of TCL Industries Holdings. From July 1991 to May 1999, she worked for the
         Huizhou branch of China Construction Bank Corporation; in May 1999, she joined TCL Technology
         (000100.SZ) and successively worked as the general manager of the settlement centre of TCL
         Technology, the general manager of TCL Technology Group Finance Co., Ltd.* (TCL科技集團財務有
         限公司), the president and the chairperson of TCL Financial Services Holdings Group (Guangzhou)
         Company Limited* (TCL金服控股集團（廣州）有限公司). From July 2016 to February 2018, she was a
         vice president of TCL Technology; from March 2018 to August 2021, she was an executive director
         and the COO of TCL Technology; from January 2019 to August 2021, she also took up the role of the
         CFO of TCL Technology; from August 2021 to December 2022, she was a non-executive director of
         TCL Technology; from October 2019 to October 2021, she was a non-executive director of Bank of
         Shanghai Co., Ltd. (601229.SH). Ms. DU graduated from the Department of Investments of Zhongnan
         University of Economics and Law with a bachelor’s degree, and obtained an EMBA degree from
         Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business.
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   019


                                                                               Board of Directors




                                               Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong
                                               EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR




Born in August 1978, Mr. ZHANG is an executive Director, CEO, a member of the Strategy Committee
and ESG Committee, the general manager of the pan-smart screen business unit and a director in
various subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. ZHANG is also currently a director and senior vice president
of TCL Industries Holdings. Mr. ZHANG joined the Company after he graduated from Northwestern
Polytechnical University in 2000. Starting from entry level, he successively worked as the manager,
senior manager, vice president and general manager of various branches, business units and
departments of the Company. During his tenure, he made valuable contributions to increasing market
share of the Group’s products. He also introduced a series of smart household appliance products
and laid the foundation for TCL smart home ecosystem and IoT. Mr. ZHANG holds a bachelor’s
degree from Northwestern Polytechnical University and an EMBA degree from Renmin University of
China. Currently, Mr. ZHANG has also taken up a number of public positions such as a director of
China Video Industry Association and vice chairperson of China Household Electrical Appliances
Association.
020   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Board of Directors




                                                       Mr. PENG Pan
                                                       EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR




        Born in February 1976, Mr. PENG is an executive Director, CFO, a member of the Nomination
        Committee, Strategy Committee and ESG Committee and a director of various subsidiaries of the
        Company. Mr. PENG became an executive Director in October 2023. He is also the CFO of TCL
        Industries Holdings and chairperson of Guangdong TCL Smart Home Appliances Co., Ltd. (002668.
        SZ). Mr. PENG worked as an analyst in Evergreen Marine (Hong Kong) Limited after graduating from
        Hunan University in 1998 and then as an accounting supervisor in Yantian International Container
        Terminals Limited in 2000. He joined TCL in 2005 and served at various finance-related positions
        in TCL during the period from 2005 to 2019, including finance manager, senior finance manager,
        head of finance department and finance director. Since 2019 and prior to joining the Group, he was
        the head of financial centre and vice president of CSOT, and associate president and the head of
        financial operation department of TCL Technology. During his tenure at CSOT, Mr. PENG successfully
        led various large-scale investment projects in relation to the semi-conductor display production plants
        in Shenzhen, Wuhan and Guangzhou, making valuable contributions to the development of the display
        industry. He acted as a director of Tianjin 712 Communication & Broadcasting Co., Ltd. (603712.
        SH) from April 2023 to October 2023, a director of Highly Information Industry Co., Ltd. (835281.
        NQ) from April 2023 to April 2024, a joint company secretary of the Company from October 2023 to
        June 2025 and a member of Remuneration Committee from October 2023 to March 2026. Mr. PENG
        holds an EMBA degree from China Europe International Business School, an MBA Degree from Peking
        University, and a bachelor’s degree in International Accounting from Hunan University.
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   021


                                                                               Board of Directors




                                            Mr. SUN Li
                                            EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR




Born in April 1977, Mr. SUN is an executive Director and a member of the ESG Committee. Mr.
SUN became a non-executive Director with effect from February 2020 and was re-designated to an
executive Director with effect from March 2024. He is also the CTO of TCL Industries Holdings.
With extensive experience in the communications industry, Mr. SUN has been deeply involved in AI
for many years. Mr. SUN worked at the mobile phone R&D department of Alcatel from March 2001
to 2004. Since joining TCL Communication in 2004, he had served as R&D department manager,
pre-research department manager, director of software and deputy general manager of global R&D
centre and established a team engaged in smart phone software, a management system of global
operators’ technological needs and a software platform for global operators from 2004 to July 2017.
From August 2017 to June 2019, he was a vice president of Thunder Software Technology Co., Ltd.
(300496.SZ). During this period, Mr. SUN established the intelligent vision business group, focusing
on camera technology, computer vision algorithms and AI algorithms which were applied to mobile
phones, IoT, automotive and industrial fields, and opened up new businesses for industrial visual
detection based on deep learning. He graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong University with a master’s
degree in Engineering.
022   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Board of Directors




                                                              Professor WANG Yijiang
                                                              INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR



         Born in May 1953, Professor WANG is an independent non-executive Director, the chairperson of the
         Nomination Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee.
         Professor WANG became an independent non-executive Director in February 2016. He is currently the
         Professor of Economics and Human Resource and an Associate Dean at Cheung Kong Graduate School
         of Business. He is currently also a director of Zhejiang Red Dragonfly Footwear Co., Ltd. (603116.
         SH). He once served as a consultant of World Bank, a senior researcher of Chinese Economy Research
         Institute in School of Economics and Management of Tsinghua University and vice president of the
         Chinese Economists Society. He was also a professor emeritus of Human Resource Management at the
         Carlson School of Management of University of Minnesota and a research fellow at the William Davidson
         Institute of Transition Economics of the University of Michigan. He was a director of Hunan Sanxiang
         Bank Co., Ltd. from January 2017 to May 2023; an independent non-executive director of China VAST
         Industrial Urban Development Company Limited (the shares of which were listed on the Main Board of the
         Hong Kong Stock Exchange until the withdrawal of listing of its shares effective from December 2022,
         then stock code: 06166.HK) from November 2017 to December 2022; and an independent director of
         Shenzhen Overseas Chinese Town Co., Ltd. (000069.SZ) from April 2020 to June 2024. His research
         areas cover human resource management, labour and personnel economics, international comparison of
         management systems, economics of transition, emerging markets and organisational economics, and his
         research findings have been frequently quoted. Professor WANG graduated from the Peking University with
         a bachelor’s degree in Economics and a master’s degree in International Economics in 1982 and 1985
         respectively. He then pursued further studies and obtained a master’s degree and a doctor of philosophy
         degree in Economics at the Harvard University in 1989 and 1991 respectively. Professor WANG was one
         of the awardees of the “Directors of the Year Awards 2024” from the Hong Kong Institute of Directors,
         representing high recognition for him acting as an outstanding director and promoting good practices in
         corporate governance and director professionalism in Hong Kong.
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   023


                                                                               Board of Directors




                                              Mr. LAU Siu Ki
                                              INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR



Born in July 1958, Mr. LAU is an independent non-executive Director, the chairperson of the Audit
Committee, and a member of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Mr. LAU
became an independent non-executive Director in November 2017. He graduated from the Hong Kong
Polytechnic (now known as the Hong Kong Polytechnic University) in 1981. He is currently a financial
advisory consultant of his management consultancy firm, Hin Yan Consultants Limited. Previously,
Mr. LAU worked at Ernst & Young for over 15 years. He has over 40 years of experience in corporate
governance, corporate financing, financial advisory and management, accounting and audit. Mr.
LAU is currently a fellow member of both ACCA and HKICPA. Mr. LAU was a member of the World
Council of ACCA from 2002 to 2011 and was the chairperson of ACCA Hong Kong in 2000/2001.
During these years, he has helped raise the profile of ACCA. Currently, Mr. LAU also serves as
an independent non-executive director of Binhai Investment Company Limited (02886.HK), Embry
Holdings Limited (01388.HK) and FIH Mobile Limited (02038.HK). He is also the company secretary
of Hung Fook Tong Group Holdings Limited (01446.HK), Yeebo (International Holdings) Limited
(00259.HK) and Expert Systems Holdings Limited (08319.HK). Mr. LAU acted as an independent
non-executive director of Comba Telecom Systems Holdings Limited (02342.HK) from June 2003 to
December 2023, Samson Holding Ltd. (the shares of which were listed on the Main Board of the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange until the withdrawal of listing of its shares effective from 7 November
2024, then stock code: 00531.HK) from October 2005 to December 2024, and ETHK Labs Inc.
(previously known as IVD Medical Holdings Limited, 01931.HK) from June 2019 to March 2024. In
2021, the Market Misconduct Tribunal fined and made orders against China Medical & HealthCare
Group Limited (00383.HK, formerly known as COL Capital Limited) and six then directors thereof
including Mr. LAU (who served as an independent non-executive director between June 2004 and
December 2018) for breach of the requirements of the corporate disclosure regime by the said
company. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 5 November 2019
and 13 May 2021.
024   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Board of Directors




                                                              Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max
                                                              INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR



         Born in July 1973, Mr. HUI is an independent non-executive Director, the chairperson of the
         Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee and Nomination Committee. Mr.
         HUI became an independent non-executive Director in June 2025. He is the managing partner at
         CDH Investments (“CDH”). He joined CDH’s Beijing office in 2003 and is now based in Hong Kong,
         responsible for investing in companies with Hong Kong nexus. He served as the chief executive
         officer of CDH’s Singapore office from 2013 to 2022. Mr. HUI has more than 25 years of experience
         in investment and fund management and specialises in growth capital, buyouts, especially in cross-
         border investments with the PRC nexus. Mr. HUI is currently a member of the board of directors and
         the chairperson of the nominating and corporate governance committee of SharkNinja, Inc. (New York
         Stock Exchange stock code: SN), and had served as a non-executive director of JS Global Lifestyle
         Company Limited (01691.HK) from 2019 to 2023 and a non-executive director of China Modern Dairy
         Holdings Ltd. (01117.HK) from 2009 to 2017. Prior to joining CDH in 2003, Mr. HUI worked with the
         investment banking departments of Schroders & Co. in New York and the private equity division of
         Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Asia in Hong Kong from 1999 to 2003. Prior to working in the financial
         industry, Mr. HUI was an engineer at the oil and gas pipeline division of Bechtel Corporation in San
         Francisco from 1997 to 1998. Mr. HUI holds a Master of Engineering degree in Financial Engineering
         from Princeton University and a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from the
         University of California, Berkeley. He is currently serving philanthropically as an advisor for Berkeley
         Frontier Fund in the United States.
                                                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   025


                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Business Review and Outlook
1.      Overview
        Significant trends towards mid-to-high-end and large-screen products in
        the global TV industry, with innovative smart hardware and consumer-
        grade clean energy becoming new growth drivers
        In 2025, the global economy maintained resilient growth amid a volatile trade environment, with
        emerging economies leading in growth rates. The global TV industry saw stable demand with further
        improvement in brand concentration, while the importance of consumers’ emotional value and
        entertainment experience became particularly prominent, with smart, mid-to-high-end and large-screen
        products being highly favoured. Global TV shipment in 2025 reached approximately 209 million sets,
        of which shipment of large-screen TVs of 65 inches and above recorded a year-on-year increase of
        5.3%1. Mini LED display technology developed rapidly, and with its advantages of high contrast, high
        brightness and low power consumption, it has become the mainstream solution in the high-end display
        segment. The global penetration rate of Mini LED TV shipment in 2025 doubled year-on-year, increasing
        by 3.0 percentage points from 3.1% in 2024 to 6.1%2. According to Omdia’s forecast, driven by
        multiple factors including the tailwinds from the 2026 FIFA World Cup in the United States, Canada and
        Mexico, the iteration of high-end display technologies, and the empowerment of AI technologies, global
        TV shipment is expected to be stable in 2026. Among them, shipment of Mini LED TVs will see robust
        growth, and the industry trends toward premiumisation and larger screen will continue to strengthen.


        Meanwhile, generative AI technology experienced explosive development in 2025, with computing
        power, algorithms and end-user devices undergoing coordinated upgrades, driving the rapid proliferation
        of capabilities such as multimodal interaction, content generation and smart assistants, and
        became the core engine for digital economy and smart hardware upgrades. The application scenarios
        of generative AI continued to expand, with the most inclusive and widely adopted applications
        concentrated in various consumer electronic products such as TVs, smart glasses and smart robots,
        which are highly aligned with the Group’s core business layout. In smart TV and other large-screen
        scenarios, generative AI enables precise content recommendation, natural voice interaction, and
        generation of family entertainment and educational content, creating immersive and personalised smart
        living-room experiences. In terms of smart glasses and other new wearable devices, generative AI
        combines AR vision and voice interaction to provide capabilities such as real-scene navigation, instant
        translation and information prompts, building a next-generation human-machine interaction portal that
        frees hands and offers a what-you-see-is-what-you-get experience. With respect to smart companion
        robots, it provides smarter and warmer companionship and interactive experiences for families, the
        elderly and children through emotional understanding, conversational interaction and scenario-based
        companionship.




1
     Source: Global brand TV shipment of 2025 from Omdia.
2
     Source: Global brand Mini LED TV shipment of 2025 from Omdia.
026   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




             In terms of consumer-grade clean energy, the global photovoltaic industry maintained strong growth in
             2025. According to preliminary statistics, the global newly installed photovoltaic capacity in 2025 was
             approximately 607GW, setting a new historical record3. As at the end of 2025, the global cumulative
             installed photovoltaic capacity exceeded 2,800GW, with the position of photovoltaic power generation
             in the global energy mix becoming increasingly consolidated. As the world’s largest photovoltaic market,
             the PRC continued to lead industry development in 2025. According to official data from the National
             Energy Administration of the PRC, the PRC’s newly added grid-connected photovoltaic capacity reached
             317GW in 2025, of which distributed photovoltaics accounted for 153GW, representing nearly half of
             the total and demonstrating enormous potential of distributed photovoltaics in the PRC market4. As at
             the end of 2025, the PRC’s cumulative installed photovoltaic capacity reached 1,200GW.


             Firmly adhering to the dual-drive strategy of “Globalisation” and
             “Premiumisation”, with significant enhancement in operational quality
             and commercial value
             The Group seized industry development opportunities by leveraging the dual-drive strategy of
             “Globalisation” and “Premiumisation” and adhering to technological innovation as the core driving
             force, thus continuously achieving breakthroughs in product competitiveness whilst vigorously advancing
             synergistic development across all categories to build a more competitive product matrix. Moreover,
             through actively expanding global channels and premium resources, continuously expanding channel
             coverage, accelerating store penetration rate and consolidating the foundation for globalised markets,
             the Group has achieved quality growth in global business and continuously strengthened overall
             profitability.


             In 2025, the Group achieved revenue of HK$114,583 million, representing a year-on-year increase
             of 15.4%, and its gross profit reached HK$17,900 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
             15.1%. The Group continued to strengthen the building of various core capabilities, strictly controlling
             costs and expenses, refining operational management, and comprehensively enhancing operational
             efficiency, with the overall expense5 ratio decreasing by 0.7 percentage points year-on-year to 11.1%. In
             2025, the Group continued to make breakthroughs in product mix, technological leadership and quality
             enhancement, achieving healthy growth in business scale. Coupled with continuous improvement in
             internal operational efficiency, the Group’s overall profitability continued to be optimised. In 2025,
             the Group’s profit after tax increased by 36.7% year-on-year to HK$2,527 million, and adjusted profit
             attributable to owners of the parent reached HK$2,512 million, representing an increase of 56.5%
             compared with HK$1,606 million in the corresponding period of the previous year.




      3
          Source: Internal report of the Group based on photovoltaic installation data for 2025.
      4
          Source: Photovoltaic installation data for 2025 from National Energy Administration of the PRC.
      5
          Overall expenses include selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses.
                                                                TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025          027


                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




       The Group’s financial position remained robust, with the net gearing ratio 6 maintained at a healthy
       level of 0.0%, and cash and cash equivalents increased by 54.2% year-on-year to HK$13,522 million,
       providing ample financial support for business development and strategic investments. To reward
       Shareholders for their long-term support, the Group has maintained a high dividend payout policy since
       2017. The Board proposed a final cash dividend of HK49.80 cents per share for 2025, with a dividend
       payout ratio of approximately 50% of adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent, demonstrating
       the Group’s sincerity in sharing development results with Shareholders.




6
    Net gearing ratio is calculated as net debt (i.e. total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities
    less cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash and pledged deposits) divided by equity attributable to owners of
    the parent.
028   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




             Display business maintaining global leadership, internet business
             sustaining high profitability, and innovative business achieving continuous
             scale expansion
             Benefitting from effective enhancement of brand influence, efficient expansion of global channels and
             continuous optimisation of product mix, the Group’s display business revenue in 2025 increased by
             9.2% year-on-year to HK$75,797 million, gross profit increased by 16.4% year-on-year to HK$12,476
             million, and gross profit margin increased by 1.1 percentage points year-on-year to 16.5%. Among
             these, the gross profit margin of the large-sized display business increased by 1.3 percentage points
             year-on-year to 16.8%. In 2025, TCL TV’s ranking consistently remained at the second position among
             global branded TVs 7; TCL Mini LED TV global shipment surged by 118.0% year-on-year, with its shipment
             scale consistently ranking first globally8. The Group continued to expand its channel layout and deepen
             the development of key channels, driving TCL TV to rank among the top three in retail sales volume in
             over 20 countries worldwide9.




      7
          Source: Global brand TV shipment of 2025 from Omdia.
      8
          Source: Global brand Mini LED TV shipment of 2025 from Omdia.
      9
          Source: Internal report of the Group based on TV retail sales volume of 2025.
                                                   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   029


                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




The internet business seized new opportunities arising from AI technology development and deeply
cultivated the global home internet sector, achieving simultaneous improvement in business scale
and earnings quality. In the international market, the Group continued to deepen strategic cooperation
with international giants such as Google, Roku and Netflix, with flagship models pioneering the
industry to integrate Google Gemini, and upgraded the AI interactive experience, whilst completing a
comprehensive upgrade of its content aggregation application, TCL Channel. The proportion of high-
quality content in Europe, Latin America and other regions doubled, driving a year-on-year doubling of
local average daily total usage duration. By the end of 2025, cumulative users exceeded 45.70 million,
with commercialisation and monetisation capabilities significantly strengthened. In the domestic
market, leveraging its proprietary OTT smart device operating platform, the Group focused on AI content
generation and interactive experience upgrades, established a proprietary copyright “Content Factory”
through AIGC, and enhanced the efficiency of AI-powered comic drama creation through a self-developed
tool Agent. The AI hardware product Amby Uni was successfully launched to the market, continuously
optimising the business structure and consolidating the Group’s leading position in the global home
internet sector. In 2025, internet business revenue increased by 18.3% year-on-year to HK$3,109
million, with gross profit margin increasing by 0.2 percentage points year-on-year to 56.4%.


The innovative business continued to expand in scale, with revenue in 2025 surging by 31.9% year-
on-year to HK$35,628 million. Among these, the photovoltaic business adhered to an asset-light
operating model, flexibly adapting to market changes, and building a solid foundation for high-quality
development. During the year, the Group focused on building market-based power trading capabilities,
effectively balancing scale expansion and operational quality through deepening channel synergy
and financial support. Benefitting from this, the newly installed capacity of domestic residential
distributed photovoltaics reached new highs, with market share significantly increasing, and operational
efficiency and competitive advantages further consolidated. Meanwhile, the Group steadily advanced
its globalisation layout, with the European market achieving tangible business expansion. In 2025,
photovoltaic business revenue increased by 63.6% year-on-year to HK$21,063 million, and gross
profit increased by 47.5% year-on-year to HK$1,815 million, demonstrating outstanding market
competitiveness and development resilience.
030   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




            Technology leadership driving core breakthroughs in premiumisation,
            distributed production capacity efficiently meeting global delivery, and
            precision brand communication achieving value enhancement
            The Group continued to increase investment in R&D, focusing on core areas such as AI technology,
            display technology, smart hardware and home energy management, comprehensively driving upgrades in
            products, services and operational efficiency. In 2025, the Group’s R&D costs increased by 8.5% year-
            on-year to HK$2,532 million. In terms of product and service innovation, the Group comprehensively
            introduced AI applications to optimise user experience. On the TV OS front, the Group was among the
            first in overseas markets to integrate Gemini, strengthening smart interaction and content monetisation
            potential. In the domestic market, the Fuxi AI Large-Language Model was integrated to enhance human-
            machine interactive experience, and a self-developed AI creation platform was established, driving
            the children-related business to achieve dual growth in reputation and performance and effectively
            enhancing user loyalty. In the display technology field, the Group focused on Mini LED and launched in
            September 2025 the world’s first flagship product TCL X11L TV equipped with SQD-Mini LED display
            technology, relying on three core technologies of Super Backlight, Super QLED and Super Screen,
            achieving five core advantages of all-screen wide colour gamut, zero colour crosstalk, more dimming
            zones, higher brightness and a thinner overall body, and winning the 2026 CES Display Gold Award.
            Meanwhile, the Group launched NXTPAPER 4.0 technology during the year, achieving full-scenario eye
            protection and productivity enhancement and ushering in a new revolution in eye care for office work.
            In terms of smart hardware and emerging technologies, mass production of full-colour Micro-LED for AR
            glasses was achieved, making breakthroughs in AR optical technology.


            At the same time, the Group also broadly applied AI technology to innovative smart products. In 2025,
            the Group launched TCL AiMe, the world’s first modular smart home companion robot featuring an
            adorable bionic appearance design paired with a movable space capsule base. This robot is not only
            capable of multimodal natural interaction, but can also continuously learn and adapt to the behavioural
            habits of family members through daily interactions, providing personalised interactive experiences for
            each family member, thus showcasing the Group’s innovative capabilities in the convergence of “AI x
            IoT x robotics”.
                                                   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    031


                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




In terms of operating efficiency, the Group has fully introduced AI applications across the entire
value chain including R&D, manufacturing, supply chain and sales. Among these, in R&D, the Group
has significantly improved R&D efficiency and gross profit per capita through AI automated testing,
assisted coding and intelligent search for research and production. In manufacturing, the Group has
enhanced production efficiency and on-time order delivery rate through the application of AI visual
inspection, quality prediction analysis and intelligent knowledge bases. In the supply chain, the Group
has achieved cost reduction of materials through multi-dimensional demand forecasting, AI cost
reduction analysis and production capacity planning. In terms of sales, the Group has driven growth
in store sales through AI-enhanced marketing content efficiency, sales simulation training and store
performance empowerment. Meanwhile, the Group has continuously optimised its operating processes,
achieved cost reduction and efficiency enhancement through digital intelligence, and strengthened its
core competitiveness.


In terms of production capacity and supply chain, amid the wave of de-globalisation, the global
landscape has shifted to a model emphasising “efficiency + security”, driving the restructuring of global
supply chains towards “regionalisation and localisation”. The Group possesses vertically integrated
supply chain advantages and continues to deepen its globalised production capacity layout, responding
to the complex and volatile global market environment with a flexible and efficient operating system.
The Group has a global TV production capacity exceeding 30 million sets, with production bases in
the PRC, Vietnam, Poland, Mexico, Brazil, Pakistan and other locations. Such distributed layout has
supported flexible allocation of supply priorities to promptly meet changes in global market demand.
032   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                                     In brand marketing and channel management,
                                                                     the Group adhered to a strategy combining
                                                                     globalisation, regionalisation and localisation,
                                                                     formulating differentiated precision marketing
                                                                     tactics tailored to the characteristics and
                                                                     consumer preferences of different markets. In
                                                                     2025, TCL leveraged the opportunity of becoming a
                                                                     Worldwide Olympic Partner, whilst utilising regional
                                                                     marketing, new media communication, as well
                                                                     as major exhibitions and product launch events,
                                                                     to comprehensively enhance TCL’s global brand
                                                                     influence and value. TCL has been selected as the
                                                                     “Google x Kantar BrandZ Top 50 Chinese Global
                                                                     Brand Builders” for nine consecutive years, moving
                                                                     up one spot from the previous year to No.10,
                                                                     with brand power surging by 20%. Meanwhile, the
              Group managed the global markets under six major marketing and sales regional functions, namely the
              PRC, North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia-Pacific and Middle East and Africa, gained all-category
              channel insights and realised refined channel management, with the coverage rate of top 50 channels
              currently exceeding 95%.


      2.      Display Business
              2.1 Large-Sized Display
                     TCL TV global shipment consistently ranking second, TCL Mini LED TV market share ranking solid
                     first globally, with product mix optimisation driving profitability enhancement
                     In 2025, the Group’s large-sized display business achieved a rapid growth surpassing the
                     industry, leveraging outstanding product competitiveness and global channel advantages, with
                     product mix optimisation delivering remarkable results and overall gross profit margin steadily
                     improving. The large-sized display business achieved revenue of HK$64,708 million during the
                     year, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.7% gross profit reached HK$10,896 million,
                     representing a year-on-year increase of 17.2%. According to Omdia data 10, TCL TV’s global
                     shipment market share reached 14.7%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.8 percentage
                     points and consistently ranking second globally; global sales revenue market share reached
                     13.1%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.7 percentage points and ranking among the top
                     three globally.




      10
           Source: Global brand TV shipment of 2025 from Omdia.
                                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   033


                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis




                Product mix continued to be optimised, with shipment of 65-inch and above TCL TVs increasing
                by 22.7% and its proportion increasing by 4.5 percentage points year-on-year to 30.5%;
                shipment of 75-inch and above TCL TVs increased by 21.7%, with its proportion increasing by
                2.2 percentage points year-on-year to 15.4%; global average shipment screen size reached 54.2
                inches, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.6 inches. TCL Mini LED TV global shipment
                surged by 118.0% year-on-year, with its proportion increasing by 6.8 percentage points year-on-
                year to 13.0%, and shipment market share reaching 31.1%, ranking firmly at the first position
                globally11, which demonstrated the Group’s technological leadership and market competitiveness
                in the high-end display segment.


                International Market
                The international market is the core growth driver of the Group’s large-sized display business.
                In 2025, revenue of TCL TV reached HK$47,504 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
                15.7%, with gross profit increasing by 29.4% year-on-year to HK$7,165 million. The large-screen
                trend in the international market continued to accelerate, with shipment of 65-inch and above
                and 75-inch and above TCL TVs surging by 50.0% and 68.2% year-on-year and their proportions
                increasing by 6.7 and 3.6 percentage points year-on-year to 24.2% and 10.0%, respectively.
                Shipment of TCL Mini LED TV surged by as much as 228.0% year-on-year, with its proportion
                increasing by 7.1 percentage points to 10.6%. Benefitting from the optimisation of product mix,
                the gross profit margin from international market increased by 1.6 percentage points year-on-
                year to 15.1%, with the premiumisation strategy delivering remarkable results.


                •      European Market: In 2025, the Group achieved full coverage of key channels, driving
                       revenue up by 13.9% year-on-year. The mid-to-high-end product matrix was further refined,
                       with product mix continuing to upgrade towards higher value and higher gross profit margin,
                       demonstrating strong structural growth momentum. Shipment of 65-inch and above and
                       75-inch and above TCL TVs increased significantly by 74.5% and 120.1% year-on-year, with
                       their proportions increasing by 8.6 percentage points and 4.7 percentage points to 24.7%
                       and 9.6%, respectively. Brand influence and channel coverage were further enhanced, with
                       market share in key countries achieving breakthroughs. Retail sales volume of TCL TV
                       ranked second in France, Sweden and Poland, and ranked third in Spain, Greece, Belgium
                       and the Czech Republic12. In the future, the Group plans to continue expanding store
                       coverage and developing more small-and-medium-sized channels.




11
     Source: Global brand Mini LED TV shipment of 2025 from Omdia.
12
     Source: Internal report of the Group, based on TV retail sales volume of 2025.
034   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




                      •      North American Market: The Group continued to optimise its channel mix, actively
                             increasing the proportion of sales through mid-to-high-end channels, driving growth in
                             the proportion of mid-to-high-end products, and achieving dual improvement in revenue
                             and ASP. In 2025, the revenue increased by 11.2% year-on-year. Shipment of 65-inch
                             and above TCL TVs increased by 35.1% year-on-year, with its proportion increasing by
                             10.7 percentage points to 33.9%. Shipment of 75-inch and above TCL TVs increased by
                             45.7% year-on-year, with its proportion increasing by 5.9 percentage points to 16.1%. The
                             effective implementation of the mid-to-high-end strategy in the North American market,
                             combined with outstanding picture quality, innovative experience and a wider variety of
                             product portfolio, drove an over 20% year-on-year increase in ASP. In 2025, TCL TV’s retail
                             sales volume market share in both the United States and Canada consistently ranked
                             third13.


                      •      Emerging Market: The Group actively expanded coverage of key channels and continued to
                             advance the dual-track strategy of synergistic development between offline channels and
                             e-commerce platforms, effectively unleashing the potential for scale growth and driving a
                             19.8% year-on-year increase in TCL TV revenue in 2025. Among these, shipment of 65-
                             inch and above TCL TVs surged by 53.7% year-on-year, and shipment of 75-inch and above
                             TCL TVs increased by 76.3% year-on-year, with the large-screen trend accelerating. Retail
                             sales volume of TCL TV ranked first in Australia, the Philippines and Argentina, second in
                             Brazil, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and Myanmar, and third in Thailand, Vietnam, South Korea
                             and other countries14, with market influence continuing to expand.


                      The PRC Market
                      In terms of the PRC market, affected by the gradual withdrawal of “trade-in” subsidy policies and
                      weak consumer demand, the overall industry shipment declined by 9.8%15 year-on-year. Amid
                      the challenging industry downturn, the Group has firmly advanced its mid-to-high-end strategy
                      and effectively capitalised on the large-screen and mid-to-high-end trend. In 2025, TCL TV’s
                      market share in terms of retail sales volume and revenue rose by 0.9 percentage points and
                      1.1 percentage points to 22.2% and 24.2%16 respectively, demonstrating strong operational
                      resilience.




      13
           Source: Circana, US retail market survey report, based on TV retail sales volume of 2025.
      14
           Source: Internal report of the Group, based on TV retail sales volume of 2025.
      15
           Source: The PRC market brand TV shipment of 2025 from Omdia.
      16
           Source: CMM’s omni-channel data, based on TV retail sales volume of 2025.
                                                             TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   035


                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




               In 2025, the Group’s TV shipment outperformed the industry, while its product mix continued
               to improve, with core high-end products delivering outstanding performance. Among them, TCL
               Mini LED TV shipment increased by 33.6% year-on-year, with its proportion increasing by 7.2
               percentage points year-on-year to 22.5%; TCL QLED TV shipment increased by 29.6% year-on-
               year, with its proportion increasing by 6.4 percentage points year-on-year to 21.2%. The high-
               end product portfolio continued to expand. Product mix upgrades further deepened the large-
               screen and mid-to-high-end trends, effectively driving the overall gross profit margin to increase
               by 1.9 percentage points year-on-year to 21.7%, with significant improvement in profitability
               and steady enhancement in operational quality. Due to contraction of the overall industry scale,
               TCL’s TV business achieved revenue of HK$17,204 million in 2025, representing a year-on-year
               decrease of 9.7%. However, by focusing on product mix optimisation and quality and efficiency
               improvement, the Group has continued to build long-term development momentum. During the
               2025 “Double 11” shopping festival, the Group’s TV products ranked first17 in the industry in
               terms of online channel sales revenue market share, further consolidating its leading market
               position. The achievements of its mid-to-high-end transformation have been highly recognised by
               the market.




17
     Source: CMM’s weekly online monitoring data, from 6 October 2025 to 16 November 2025.
036   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




            2.2 Small-and-Medium-Sized Display
                   Deeply cultivating tier-one carrier channels in Europe and North America, with NXTPAPER eye-care
                   technology undergoing continuous iteration
                   In 2025, the global smartphone market saw a moderate recovery trend, with global smartphone
                   shipment in 2025 growing by approximately 2% to 1.26 billion sets, the highest level in nearly 4
                   years. The global tablet market also maintained growth, with global shipment in 2025 reaching
                   approximately 152 million sets, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.0%, and maintaining
                   growth for two consecutive years 18. Against this backdrop, the Group’s small-and-medium-
                   sized display business adhered to the strategy of “prioritising efficiency and focusing on key
                   markets”, deeply cultivated tier-one network carrier channels in Europe and North America, and
                   consolidated strategic relationships with core partners, achieving steady development. In 2025,
                   the Group’s small-and-medium-sized display business revenue increased by 17.8% year-on-year
                   to HK$9,968 million, with gross profit increasing by 10.4% year-on-year to HK$1,437 million.


                   In terms of products, the Group continued to lead the innovative iteration of NXTPAPER eye-care
                   display technology. On the mobile phone front, the Group launched the flagship smartphones
                   TCL NXTPAPER 60 Ultra and TCL NXTPAPER 70 Pro, equipped with the industry-leading NXTPAPER
                   4.0 Colour Ink Eye Protection Display Technology, integrating circular polarised light, nano-
                   level etching and full-chain low blue light technology. The upgraded “Super Reading Mode”,
                   supported by low power consumption technology, enables up to 10 days of immersive reading,
                   perfectly combining flagship performance with e-reader advantages. On the tablet front, the
                   Group launched the flagship TCL NXTPAPER 11 Plus, featuring an 11.5-inch NXTPAPER 4.0 eye-
                                                     care large screen, with softer anti-glare properties, clearer and
                                                     more refined images, and a comfortable and natural paper-
                                                     like visual experience. Combined with smart and personalised
                                                     eye-care modes, it meets users’ different usage scenarios
                                                     and preferences, ensuring the screen always presents the
                                                     optimal visual effect. Meanwhile, as the first NXTPAPER tablet
                                                     equipped with AI functions, it enables AI-assisted writing, text
                                                     selection and drag, AI translation, AI subtitles, smart voice
                                                     memo, and circle-to-search functions, efficiently handling
                                                     various text and voice tasks to enhance learning and work
                                                     efficiency. The above new products have been widely acclaimed
                                                     in the market since their launch in 2025, attributable to their
                                                     outstanding differentiated experience.




                                                      18
                                                           Source: Global shipment of brand mobile phones and brand
                                                           tablets of 2025 from IDC.
                                                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025       037


                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




               In 2026, the Group unveiled two new products equipped with NXTPAPER display technology at
               CES 2026, namely the smartphone NXTPAPER 70 Pro and the electronic handwriting notebook
               Note A1 NXTPAPER. NXTPAPER 70 Pro features a 6.9-inch NXTPAPER 4.0 screen with a matte
               texture similar to e-ink displays, and reintroduces the “Max Ink Mode” function, combined with
               Focus Mode and Quick Launcher, which are designed to eliminate distraction and maximise users’
               focus on the content itself. Note A1 NXTPAPER, as a productivity tool integrating “true paper-feel
               display”, “all-round AI assistant” and “professional-grade writing”, aims to revolutionise users’
               learning, creation and information processing experience. The Group will continue to deepen the
               innovative application of NXTPAPER eye-care technology, bringing consumers a healthier and more
               comfortable living experience.


        2.3 Smart Commercial Display
               Focusing on structural optimisation domestically, expanding high-end clients overseas
               The Group’s smart commercial display business leveraged the globally leading resource advantages
               of its TV business, and focused on four major scenarios of office, retail, catering business and
               exhibition, thus continuously enhancing product competitiveness. In 2025, the Group’s smart
               commercial display business revenue increased by 28.4% year-on-year to HK$1,121 million, with
               gross profit increasing by 24.0% year-on-year to HK$143 million.


               The Group has launched over 20 new products centred around commercial display scenarios
               and user experiences, including the V66N interactive conference panel, the 115-inch large-
               screen conference TV, the X66N smart interactive panel, and the P30 commercial smart
               display. Among them, the TCL V66N series conference panel is equipped with a 50-megapixel
               AI ultra-sensitive camera, integrating functions such as AI panoramic split screen, identifying
               and centring speakers in the frame and gesture tracking, which can be activated in different
               scenarios, greatly enhancing conference convenience.
               During the “618” Shopping Festival in 2025, the
               Group’s commercial display products achieved the
               second-highest place in brand GMV in the JD.com
               conference TV category19, and during the “Double 11”
               Shopping Festival, it ranked first in terms of brand
               GMV in the JD.com commercial display category 20,
               further strengthening its market position. In the digital
               signage category, it has maintained the top position
               in the PRC’s indoor digital signage shipment for four
               consecutive quarters 21.




19
     Source: JD.com’s Black Appliances & Commercial Display Category 618 Report, from 13 May 2025 to 19 June 2025.
20
     Source: JD.com’s Black Appliances & Commercial Display Category “Double 11” Full-Cycle Report 2025, from 9 October
     2025 to 14 November 2025.
21
     Source: Discien, China’s Indoor & Outdoor DS Market Research Report.
038   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




      3.    Internet Business
            The Group has continued to develop its home internet business globally, remains user-centric and is
            committed to the continuous enhancement of user experience. In 2025, the Group’s internet business
            achieved revenue of HK$3,109 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.3%; gross profit
            reached HK$1,753 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.8%, with a gross profit margin as
            high as 56.4%, demonstrating strong profitability.


            3.1 International Market: Deepening cooperation with international
                giants and strengthening AI & content ecosystems
                   In terms of the international market, the Group continued to deepen strategic cooperation with
                   top global internet enterprises such as Google, Roku and Netflix, whilst seizing the wave of AI
                   technology development and continuously strengthening its globalised content ecosystem and
                   smart interaction advantages. Flagship models of the Group were among the first in the industry
                   to integrate Google Gemini, enabling multi-scenario AI interactive experiences, driving user loyalty
                   and product competitiveness through technological differentiation advantages, and injecting
                   new momentum for long-term growth. At the same time, the Group completed a comprehensive
                   upgrade of the content integration application TCL Channel, continuously expanding the quantity
                   of local premium content in key countries such as Europe and Latin America, with the proportion
                   of local premium content doubling, driving a significant 150% year-on-year increase in its
                   average daily total usage duration. As at the end of 2025, TCL Channel’s global cumulative user
                   base exceeded 45.70 million, with content attractiveness as well as commercialisation and
                   monetisation capabilities significantly strengthened, further consolidating the leading advantages
                   of the globalised home internet business.
                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    039


                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




3.2 The PRC Market: Upgrading AI-Driven content and experience,
    building differentiated advantages in home internet
    In the PRC market, the Group leveraged its proprietary OTT smart device operating platform,
    seized new market opportunities brought by AI technology development, and focused on
    continuous upgrades in content generation and interactive experience to build differentiated
    competitive barriers. In terms of product innovation, the Group, centred on user experience and
    focused on upgrading AI technology and interactive experience on the TV front, through the major
    upgrade of “TCL LINGKONG UI 3.0”, achieved minimalist desktop optimisation, advanced the
    deep integration of Smart Assistant Xiao T with intelligent agents, and created a more interactive
    experience.


    At the same time, the Group utilised AI technology to create a proprietary copyright “Content
    Factory”, achieving a large-scale application of AI-generated content in the children’s segment,
    with a cumulative total of 26 self-produced AI-generated animation albums targeted at children
    launched online, with premium content accounting for as high as 70%, effectively enhancing
    family user retention and active rate. The Group also significantly improved AI comic drama
    creation efficiency through a self-developed tool Agent, driving the comprehensive rollout of self-
    produced content. We also successfully launched the AI hardware product Amby Uni, further
    enriching smart interaction scenarios and expanding ecosystem value and revenue streams.
    Looking ahead to 2026, the Group will continue to build AI-generated content production
    capabilities centred around children’s companionship and new scenarios of comic drama,
    incubating proprietary content platforms and mature distribution channels, creating industry-
    benchmark AIGC for TVs, continuously optimising the business structure, and consolidating its
    leading position in the global home internet sector.
040   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




      4.    Innovative Business
            4.1 Photovoltaic Business
                   Adhering to an asset-light approach, expanding installation and energy operation services,
                   achieving high-quality growth
                   The photovoltaic business, based on the development trends of various segments along the
                   industry chain and its own capabilities, has adhered to an asset-light positioning, continuously
                   enhanced core capabilities in finance, channels and engineering, and achieved high-quality
                   growth. In terms of residential photovoltaics, the Group achieved a rapid scale expansion through
                   optimising business development structure, strengthening ability to directly reach channel
                   partners, whilst expanding new business channels such as photovoltaic products for villas and
                   balconies as well as power-selling customer development. In terms of industrial and commercial
                   photovoltaics, the Group achieved improvement in scale and profitability through industry-
                   focused, cost-effective, efficient and high-quality operations. Meanwhile, in overseas markets,
                   the Group focuses on key European countries, fully leveraging the brand influence of SunPower
                   and TCL’s channel resources to enhance brand synergy and market competitiveness. Proactively
                   embracing the global energy transition trend, the Group has accelerated product layout and
                   business expansion of integrated energy solutions for photovoltaics, “solar-storage-heating”,
                   upgraded system capabilities, and provided strong support for the high-quality development of its
                   global photovoltaic business.


                                     In 2025, the Group’s photovoltaic business achieved revenue of HK$21,063
                                     million, representing a year-on-year increase of 63.6%; gross profit reached
                                     HK$1,815 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 47.5%. As at 31
                                     December 2025, the Group had cumulatively contracted over 340 industrial
                                     and commercial projects, with cumulative dealer channels exceeding 2,500.
                                                TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    041


                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




4.2 All-Category Marketing
    Achieving stable development of air conditioner, refrigerator and washing machine businesses, with
    ongoing optimisation of product mix
    Leveraging mature globalised channel resources, localised operating systems and strong
    brand influence, the Group has distributed its branded smart products globally, including air
    conditioners, refrigerators, and washing machines. This enables rapid market penetration and
    coverage across multi-category products, driving synergistic growth across multiple categories.
    In 2025, the Group’s all-category marketing business achieved revenue of HK$12,645 million,
    representing a year-on-year increase of 1.6%, with business structure remaining stable. The all-
    category marketing business effectively broadened revenue streams, optimised the product mix,
    and provided new momentum for the Group’s long-term steady growth in revenue and profit.


    In 2025, TCL air-conditioning products adhered to the core value of “Smart Health”, defined the
    next generation of air conditioners with AI technology, and launched multiple flagship products
    including the AI Sleep Series and AI Comfort Series under the TCL FreshIN AI Health concept,
    which were well received by consumers. During the year, the full range of air-conditioning
    products was showcased at global HVAC industry events including the MCE Exhibition in Milan,
    the Interclima Exhibition in France and the IFA Exhibition in Germany, with TCL FreshIN 3.0
    Air Conditioner winning the “AI Energy-Saving Technology
    Gold Award” at IFA. In terms of TCL refrigerator products,
    with freshness preservation as the core theme, the Group
    launched the TCL Dual Magnetic Freshness Pro Refrigerator,
    with “-40ºC Freezing Magnetic Freshness” and “Refrigeration
    Molecular Magnetic Freshness” as TCL’s original Dual
    Magnetic Freshness Preservation technology, which provided
    dual freshness-preserving solutions for both food freezing and
    refrigeration. For TCL washing machines, centred around the
    proprietary Super Drum core technology, the Group launched
    the TCL Stain-Free Super Drum Washer-Dryer Combo P9 Ultra,
    integrating three major design features of 540mm large drum
    diameter, 6D lifter and wave-pattern inner drum, achieving
    thorough and even cleaning whilst protecting fabric, shape and
    colour.
042   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




            4.3 Smart Connection and Smart Home
                   AI + IoT drives innovation and diversified layout, building long-term competitive advantages
                   The smart connection and smart home business achieved steady growth in 2025. In 2025,
                   business revenue reached HK$1,920 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.7%,
                   with gross profit increasing by 23.0% year-on-year to HK$472 million, and gross profit margin
                   increasing by 1.9 percentage points year-on-year to 24.6%.


                   In the domestic market, the Group’s door lock products sustained steady growth in offline
                   home appliance channels. Among them, new dual-screen AI smart locks were launched across
                   all channels in the fourth quarter of 2025, consolidating the Group’s market position in the
                   price segment above RMB1,500 through enhanced product competitiveness. In 2026, the
                   Group will focus on establishing a leading industry position for dual-screen AI smart locks in the
                   domestic market. In overseas markets, with “technological leadership + emotional appeal + AI
                   intelligence” as its core strategy, the Group will build a mid-to-high-end brand image for door
                   lock products and the palm vein lock is targeted to rank among the industry leaders in Amazon’s
                   online self-operated channel.


                   In the smart connection product sector, as a leading overseas manufacturer of mobile routers
                   and children’s smart watches, the Group has successively launched a series of industry-
                   leading products, including the industry’s first flagship AI 5G CPE products, the first overseas
                   children’s smart watch with dual-frequency positioning capacity, and TCL TBOT, the Group’s first
                   AI children’s companion ecosystem product. The Group remains committed to innovation-driven
                   development and continuously enhancing its industry influence.
                                                               TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   043


                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




               In the AR/XR sector, RayNeo, incubated by the Group, continued to maintain its industry-leading
               position. In 2025, RayNeo held a 32% market share in the PRC AI/AR glasses market, ranking
               first22 with an absolute advantage; in the PRC AR glasses online market in 2025, RayNeo held
               a 35.4% sales volume share, maintaining rapid growth amid intensifying market competition,
               and ranking first in the PRC online omni-channel market for four consecutive years23. In terms of
               product innovation, the Group launched in October 2025 the world’s first HDR glasses, RayNeo
               Air 4, integrating seven major technological highlights and leading the industry in technology
               development.


               Furthermore, the Group continued to increase its R&D and innovation efforts, actively seizing
               market opportunities arising from the convergence of AI and IoT. At CES 2025, we launched TCL
               AiMe, the world’s first detachable AI companion robot, perfectly integrating AI technology, IoT
               control and home companionship functions, which marked a major breakthrough by the Group
               in the convergence of “AI x IoT x robotics” domain. As the smart home ecosystem matures,
               innovative products such as TCL AiMe are expected to become widely seen in future homes,
               demonstrating enormous market potential.


5.      Outlook
        Driving industrial upgrade through AI innovation, strengthening the core
        business and expanding new businesses, focusing on dual enhancement
        of profitability and scale, achieving high-quality development and
        continuously creating long-term value for Shareholders
        Looking ahead, the Group will continue to uphold the business philosophy of “Strategy Guidance,
        Innovation Driven, Advanced Manufacturing and Global Operation”, and centre around two core
        directions of enhancing profitability in the core business, and expanding global scale in new business
        segments, with AI innovation and digital intelligence empowerment as key drivers, and synergistically
        advance Globalisation 3.0, brand upgrade and ESG strategy. The Group will adhere to long-term
        operational objectives and pursue quality growth to achieve high-quality sustainable development.




22
     Source: CINNO Research, sales volume data of consumer-grade AI/AR market in China for 2025.
23
     Source: RUNTO, brand sales volume share data of the online AR glasses market in China for 2025.
044   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




            At the core business level, the Group will leverage high-end display technologies in large-sized display
            to consolidate its industry-leading position, expand high-end market share, and actively explore AI
            innovative applications. The small-and-medium-sized display business will focus on core markets,
            strengthen operational efficiency through resource synergy and enhance profitability. The internet
            business will drive steady growth in the PRC market through AI innovation, and expand overseas
            markets through model innovation, with such dual engines driving overall profit enhancement.


            At the new business expansion level, the Group will adhere to a profitable scale expansion strategy
            for the photovoltaic business. While further expanding its presence in the distributed market in China,
            the Group will focus on accelerating scale expansion in the European market, and is committed to
            becoming a global leading integrated solution provider of renewable energy. The Group will build
            competitive advantages through ecosystem partnership, energy operation services and system product
            and deliver development synergic effect through digital intelligence, financial capabilities, organisational
            support and risk management to drive sustained business growth. In terms of the all-category marketing
            business, the Group will continue to optimise its product portfolio, leverage brand, supply chain and
            channel synergy advantages to support high-quality growth in global business and enhance market
            share. In terms of AI deployment, the Group will increase investment in smart robots, AR/XR and other
            fields, deliver upgraded user experience through technological innovation, and optimise decision-making
            efficiency through digital intelligence to drive the Group’s long-term development.
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    045


                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




In terms of the Globalisation 3.0 strategy, the Group will continue to strengthen the resilience of global
resource allocation and enhance localised operational capabilities in key overseas regions; in terms
of brand building, the Group will leverage the Olympic Games and regional sports marketing to drive
simultaneous enhancement of brand value and global influence; in terms of ESG strategy, the Group
will focus on R&D and application of eco-friendly technologies, be committed to energy conservation
and emission reduction and energy transition targets, and steadily advance the carbon peaking
process.


In terms of shareholder return, the Group attaches great importance to the long-term value of
Shareholders. The Group successively granted certain share awards in 2024 and 2025 to deeply
align the interests of senior management and core employees with the Group’s business growth.
The performance targets at the Company level corresponding to both of the above grants have
been exceeded, fully reflecting the strong binding and driving effect of the incentive mechanism on
performance growth. The Group will continue to use adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent
as its core performance indicator for the period from 2026 to 2027. Going forward, while maintaining
sound business growth, the Group will continuously optimise its capital structure and deliver tangible
results, committing to creating sustainable, high-quality and long-term returns for Shareholders.
046   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




      Comparison between the Year of 2025 and the Year of 2024
      The table below lists and compares the figures of the year of 2025 and the year of 2024:


                                                                                     For the year ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                    HK$’000               HK$’000


      REVENUE                                                                   114,582,832         99,322,325
      Cost of sales                                                             (96,682,644)       (83,768,340)


      Gross profit                                                               17,900,188         15,553,985
      Other income and gains                                                      1,387,072          1,959,846
      Selling and distribution expenses                                          (7,995,377)         (7,504,064)
      Administrative expenses                                                    (4,677,249)         (4,145,105)
      Research and development costs                                             (2,532,381)         (2,335,052)
      Other operating expenses                                                       (97,364)         (294,382)
      Impairment losses on financial and contract assets, net                        (46,014)             (47,666)


                                                                                  3,938,875          3,187,562
      Finance costs                                                                (790,452)          (786,914)
      Shares of profits and losses of:
         – Joint ventures                                                                   –               5,886
         – Associates                                                               155,873               107,989


      Profit before tax                                                           3,304,296          2,514,523
      Income tax                                                                   (777,316)          (666,012)


      Profit for the year                                                         2,526,980          1,848,511


      Profit attributable to owners of the parent                                 2,495,131          1,759,366


      Non-HKFRS measure:
         Adjusted profit attributable to owners of
            the parent                                                            2,512,389          1,605,828
                                                                TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025        047


                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis




Revenue
The Group’s revenue increased by 15.4% year-on-year from HK$99,322 million in 2024 to HK$114,583
million in 2025. The following table shows the Group’s revenue by business segment for the years ended 31
December 2025 and 31 December 2024:


                                                                    For the year ended 31 December
                                                                2025                                2024
                                                                        Proportion                           Proportion
                                                             HK$       of the total              HK$        of the total
                                                          Million          revenue             Million          revenue


Display Business 24                                      75,797              66.2%            69,440             69.9%
     Large-Sized Display                                 64,708              56.5%            60,108             60.5%
       – The PRC Market                                  17,204              15.0%            19,046             19.2%
       – International Market                            47,504              41.5%            41,062             41.3%
     Small-and-Medium-Sized Display                        9,968              8.7%             8,459               8.5%
     Smart Commercial Display                              1,121              1.0%               873               0.9%


Internet Business 25                                       3,109              2.7%             2,627               2.6%


Innovative Business 26                                   35,628              31.1%            27,009             27.2%
     Photovoltaic Business                               21,063              18.4%            12,874             13.0%
     All-Category Marketing                              12,645              11.0%            12,446             12.5%
     Smart Connection and Smart Home                       1,920              1.7%             1,689               1.7%


Others                                                        49              0.0%               246               0.3%


Total Revenue                                           114,583            100.0%             99,322            100.0%




24
     “Display business” (including large-sized display (i.e. TV business), small-and-medium-sized display and smart
     commercial display) corresponds to both (i) the “TV” segment; and (ii) the display business in both “Smart mobile,
     connective devices and services” segment and “Smart commercial display, smart home and other businesses” segment
     as set out in the operating segment information of the notes to the financial statements.
25
     “Internet business” refers to “Internet business” as set out in the operating segment information of the notes to the
     financial statements.
26
     “Innovative business” (including photovoltaic business, all-category marketing, smart connection and smart home
     business) corresponds to (i) “Photovoltaic business” segment; (ii) “All-category marketing” segment; and (iii) the
     remaining business after excluding the display business and other businesses in the “Smart mobile, connective devices
     and services” segment and the “Smart commercial display, smart home and other businesses” segment as set out in
     the operating segment information of notes to the financial statements.
048   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




      Display Business
      Revenue from the display business increased by 9.2% year-on-year from HK$69,440 million in 2024 to
      HK$75,797 million in 2025, primarily benefitting from the Group’s proactive expansion in the global market
      and the effective enhancement of its brand influence. In 2025, the product mix of TCL TV global shipment
      improved significantly, with revenue from the large-sized display business growing by 7.7% year-on-year to
      HK$64,708 million. The small-and-medium-sized display business, benefitting from the ongoing recovery of
      the industry, recorded a revenue increase of 17.8% year-on-year to HK$9,968 million. Meanwhile, the smart
      commercial display business focused on key breakthroughs in business development, with revenue growing by
      28.4% year-on-year to HK$1,121 million.


      Internet Business
      Revenue from the internet business increased by 18.3% year-on-year from HK$2,627 million in 2024 to
      HK$3,109 million in 2025, primarily driven by continuous breakthroughs in the monetisation of overseas
      internet business models, alongside substantial improvements in content development, product experience
      and commercialisation capabilities, showcasing markedly strengthened monetisation effectiveness.


            Innovative Business
            Revenue from the innovative business increased by 31.9% year-on-year from HK$27,009 million in 2024
            to HK$35,628 million in 2025, primarily attributable to the continuous enhancement of the photovoltaic
            business’s market-oriented power trading capabilities, agile adjustment of marketing strategy, expanded
            regional presence and deepened channel partnerships during the year, and the Group’s diversified
            design offerings tailored to various housing types precisely matched market demands, driving a rapid
            63.6% year-on-year increase in photovoltaic revenue scale.


            Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
            The Group’s overall gross profit increased by 15.1% year-on-year from HK$15,554 million in 2024 to
            HK$17,900 million in 2025. The year-on-year growth in gross profit was primarily driven by the Group’s
            commitment to advancing its mid-to-high-end business transformation strategy, improvements in TV
            product mix, and growth in photovoltaic business scale coupled with effective cost control measures,
            which collectively contributed to steady growth in overall gross profit. The gross profit margin for 2025
            was 15.6%, representing a slight decrease of 0.1 percentage points year-on-year, primarily due to the
            increased revenue contribution from the innovative business, which has a relatively low gross profit
            margin, whilst the product mix of the large-sized display business continued to be optimised with an
            increased sales proportion of mid-to-high-end products, and the revenue expansion of the internet
            business with a high gross profit margin, resulting in a combined effect.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   049


                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




Display Business
The gross profit margin for the display business in 2025 was 16.5%, representing a year-on-year increase of
1.1 percentage points, primarily driven by the Group’s continued implementation of its mid-to-high-end strategy
and effective improvement of the product mix, with the gross profit margin of the large-sized display business
increasing by 1.3 percentage points year-on-year.


Internet Business
The gross profit margin for the internet business in 2025 was 56.4%, representing a year-on-year increase
of 0.2 percentage points, primarily driven by the further expansion of the scale of overseas internet revenue,
which has a relatively high gross profit margin.


Innovative Business
The gross profit margin for the innovative business in 2025 was 10.3%, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 2.1 percentage points, primarily due to the increased revenue contribution from the photovoltaic business,
which has a relatively low gross profit margin, and the decrease in the gross profit margin of the Group’s all-
category marketing business as a result of the change in product mix.


Other Income and Gains
Other income and gains decreased by 29.2% year-on-year from HK$1,960 million in 2024 to HK$1,387 million
in 2025, primarily due to the decrease in interest income resulting from the reduction in the Group’s wealth
management scale, as well as losses arising from realised gains and losses on the settlement of derivative
financial instruments and changes in the fair value of foreign exchange derivatives (compared with gains in
2024).


Selling and Distribution Expenses
Selling and distribution expenses increased by 6.5% year-on-year from HK$7,504 million in 2024 to HK$7,995
million in 2025, primarily driven by the Group’s strategic investment in brand marketing and product promotion
activities, coupled with an increase in bonus provisions for sales personnel driven by strong performance.
050   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




      Administrative Expenses
      Administrative expenses increased by 12.8% year-on-year from HK$4,145 million in 2024 to HK$4,677 million
      in 2025, primarily due to realised losses on the settlement of derivative financial instruments by the Group in
      2025, an increase in related platform fees driven by enhancement of digital capabilities, and an increase in
      Awarded Share expenses, among other combined effects.


      R&D Costs
      R&D costs increased by 8.5% year-on-year from HK$2,335 million in 2024 to HK$2,532 million in 2025,
      primarily driven by the Group’s continued investment in high-end display technology and AI.


      Other Operating Expenses
      Other operating expenses significantly decreased by 66.9% year-on-year from HK$294 million in 2024 to
      HK$97.36 million in 2025, primarily due to the goodwill impairment provision made by the Group in 2024. For
      further details, please refer to the 2024 annual report of the Company.


      Impairment Losses on Financial and Contract Assets, Net
      Impairment losses on financial and contract assets, net decreased by 3.5% year-on-year from HK$47.67
      million in 2024 to HK$46.01 million in 2025, primarily due to a decrease in bad debt provision for other
      receivables.


      Finance Costs
      Finance costs increased marginally by 0.4% year-on-year from HK$787 million in 2024 to HK$790 million in
      2025.


      Share of Profits and Losses – Joint Ventures and Associates
      The share of profits increased by 36.9% year-on-year from HK$114 million in 2024 to HK$156 million in
      2025, primarily attributable to improved performance and profit growth of the Group’s associates.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     051


                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




Profit before Tax
Profit before tax increased by 31.4% year-on-year from HK$2,515 million in 2024 to HK$3,304 million in
2025, primarily driven by significant improvements in the operational quality of multiple business lines,
including the display business, internet business and innovative business during the reporting period, coupled
with economies of scale and quality and efficiency enhancements, as well as an effective reduction in the
overall expense ratio.


Income Tax
Income tax increased by 16.7% year-on-year from HK$666 million in 2024 to HK$777 million in 2025,
primarily due to the rise in profit before tax of certain subsidiaries of the Company during the reporting period.


Profit for the Year and Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent
Profit for the year increased by 36.7% year-on-year from HK$1,849 million in 2024 to HK$2,527 million in
2025. Profit attributable to owners of the parent rose by 41.8% year-on-year from HK$1,759 million in 2024
to HK$2,495 million in 2025. The increase was primarily driven by the Group’s proactive expansion in global
markets, continuous optimisation of product mix, effective expansion of revenue scale, coupled with increased
investment in high-end display technology and AI R&D, active deployment of global supply chain and channels,
and continuous optimisation of the expense structure, which collectively drove significant enhancement in
operational quality and profitability.


Non-HKFRS Measure: Adjusted Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent
Adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 56.5% year-on-year from HK$1,606 million
in 2024 to HK$2,512 million in 2025, primarily driven by significant operational performance enhancements
across multiple business lines including display, internet and innovative businesses during the reporting
period, coupled with effective reduction in overall expense ratio through economies of scale and quality and
efficiency improvements, resulting in sustained enhancement of operational efficiency.


To supplement the Group’s consolidated results prepared and presented in accordance with HKFRS Accounting
Standards issued by the HKICPA, the Group uses adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent as
an additional financial measure. The Group defines adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent as
profit attributable to owners of the parent after adding back the following adjustments: (i) (gain)/loss from
investment companies, net; (ii) (gain)/loss on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries, net; (iii) (gain)/loss
related to call options and put options, net; (iv) (gain)/loss on disposal of non-current assets, net; and (v)
related income tax effect.
052   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




      Whilst adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent is not required by or presented in accordance
      with HKFRS Accounting Standards, the management of the Group believes that such non-HKFRS financial
      measure provides useful supplementary information to investors in assessing the results of the Group’s
      core businesses by excluding the impact of certain non-cash items, investments and non-current assets
      transactions. However, such unaudited non-HKFRS financial measure should be regarded as supplement
      to, and not substitute for, the Group’s financial results prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting
      Standards. In addition, the definition of such non-HKFRS financial measure does not have a standardised
      meaning prescribed by HKFRS Accounting Standards and therefore may not be comparable to similar
      measures presented by other companies, and may differ from similar terminology used by other companies.
      Accordingly, the use of such non-HKFRS measure has limitation as an analytical tool, and investors should not
      consider it in isolation form, or as a substitute for analysis of our results of operations or financial conditions
      as reported under HKFRS Accounting Standards.


      The following tables set forth reconciliations of the Group’s adjusted profit attributable to owners of the
      parent to the nearest comparable financial measure (profit attributable to owners of the parent) prepared and
      presented in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards.


                                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                                     2025                  2024
                                                                                                 HK$’000               HK$’000


      Profit attributable to owners of the parent, as reported                                2,495,131              1,759,366
      (Gain)/loss from investment companies, net        27
                                                                                                 (12,136)               (69,389)
      (Gain)/loss on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries, net28                               (9,133)              (64,709)
      (Gain)/loss related to call options and put options, net29                                  49,265                (20,749)
      (Gain)/loss on disposal of non-current assets, net       30
                                                                                                 (17,334)                 1,933
      Related income tax effect    31
                                                                                                    6,596                   (624)


      Non-HKFRS measure:
           Adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent                               2,512,389              1,605,828




      27
           (Gain)/loss from investment companies, net includes net (gains)/losses on deemed disposals, disposals, liquidations,
           and deemed partial purchases/ disposals of investment companies.
      28
           (Gain)/loss on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries, net includes gains on bargain purchase, and net (gains)/ losses
           on deemed disposals, disposals and liquidation of subsidiaries.
      29
           (Gain)/loss related to call options and put options, net includes changes in fair value of call options and put options,
           net (gains)/losses related to put option and net (gains)/losses on settlement of expired call options.
      30
           (Gain)/loss on disposal of non-current assets, net includes net (gains)/losses on disposal of fixed assets, other
           intangible assets, right-of-use assets and other assets.
      31
           Related income tax effect refers to the income tax effect of non-HKFRS adjustments.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   053


                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




FINANCIAL REVIEW
Significant Investments, Acquisitions and Disposals
The Group had no significant investment held as at 31 December 2025, and did not undertake any material
acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures during the year ended 31 December 2025.


Future Plans on Material Investments or Capital Assets
Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Group does not have any current concrete plan for material
investments or capital assets.


Liquidity and Financial Resources
The Group’s principal financial instruments to manage liquidity risk comprise bank loans, factorings, cash and
short-term deposits. The main objective for the use of these financial instruments is to maintain a continuity
of funding and flexibility at the lowest cost possible.


The cash and cash equivalents of the Group as at 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately
HK$13,522,134,000, increasing by 54.2% year-on-year, of which 53.1% was in U.S. dollars, 28.1% was in
Renminbi, 7.5% was in Euros, 0.4% was in Hong Kong dollars and 10.9% was in other currencies for overseas
operations.


For the purpose of day-to-day liquidity management and future expansion, the Group has access to bank and
other borrowings. The bank and other borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2025 were approximately
HK$6,074,072,000, which were interest-bearing at fixed and floating rates ranging from 1.75% to 5.30% and
denominated in U.S. dollars, Renminbi, Euros and Vietnamese Dong. The maturity profile of borrowings was
on demand to within fourteen years. It is the intention of the Group to maintain a mix of equity and debt to
ensure an efficient capital structure and in view of the reasonable interest rate. There was no material change
in available credit facilities when compared with the year ended 31 December 2024 and there was no asset
held under finance lease as at 31 December 2025.


As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio was 0% since the Group’s cash and cash equivalents,
and restricted cash and pledged deposits of approximately HK$14,028,459,000 were higher than the total
interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities of approximately HK$6,536,698,000. Gearing
ratio was calculated by net borrowings (i.e. total interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and lease
liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash and pledged deposits), divided by equity
attributable to owner of the parent. The maturity profile of such borrowings ranged from on demand to within
twenty-four years.
054   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Management Discussion and Analysis




      Pledge of Assets
      Please refer to notes 21, 22, 23, 25, 27, 28 and 34 to the financial statements set out in this annual report.


      Capital Commitments and Contingent Liabilities
      As at 31 December 2025, the Group had the following capital commitments:


                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000


      Contracted, but not provided for                                                170,264             539,899


      As at 31 December 2025, the Group had the following contingent liabilities which have not been provided for
      in the financial statements:


      TCL SEMP Eletroeletronicos is currently a respondent in a tax assessment dispute in Brazil with Brazil tax
      authority for alleged improper application of tax credits for the financial years of 2012 and 2013. As at 31
      December 2025, the tax assessment dispute was still ongoing. The information usually required by HKAS 37
      Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets is not disclosed on the grounds that such disclosure
      can be expected to seriously prejudice the outcome. The Group has not made any provision as the Group,
      based on the advice from its legal counsel, believes that TCL SEMP Eletroeletronicos has a valid defence
      against the allegation.


      Pending Litigation
      Save as disclosed above, the Group was not involved in any material litigation as at 31 December 2025.


      Foreign Exchange Exposure
      Due to its international presence and operation, the Group is facing foreign exchange exposure including
      transaction exposure and translation exposure.


      It is the Group’s policy to centralise foreign currency management to monitor its total foreign currency
      exposure, to net off affiliate positions and to consolidate hedging transactions with banks. The Group
      emphasises the importance of trading, investing and borrowing in functional currency to achieve natural
      hedging. In addition, in line with the aim of prudent financial management, the Group does not engage in any
      high risk derivative trading or leveraged foreign exchange contracts.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   055


                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




Employee and Remuneration Policy
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had a total of 37,859 dynamic and talented employees. During the
year ended 31 December 2025, the total staff costs amounted to approximately HK$6,962,187,000. The
employees of the Group were all dedicated to contributing to the growth and development of the Group. The
Group promotes individuals based on their performance in the positions held and development potential.
In order to attract and retain high quality staff, competitive remuneration package is offered to employees
(with reference to market norms and individual employees’ performance, qualification and experience). On
top of basic salaries, bonuses may be paid with reference to the Group’s performance as well as individual
employees’ performance. In addition, training and development programmes are provided on an on-going
basis throughout the Group. The remuneration policy of the Group was reviewed regularly, making reference to
current legislation, market condition and the performance of both individual employees and the Group.


In order to align the interests of staff with those of Shareholders, share options can be granted to relevant
grantees, including employees of the Group, under the Share Option Scheme. No share option has been
granted under the Share Option Scheme since its adoption on 3 November 2023 to 31 December 2025.


The 2023 Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Company on 3 November 2023 in view of the expiry of
the 2008 Share Award Scheme on 5 February 2023. Pursuant to the 2023 Share Award Scheme, existing
Shares may be purchased from the market or new Shares may be subscribed for by the designated trustee
out of cash contributed by the Company, and would be held on trust by the designated trustee for the relevant
selected persons until such shares are vested with the relevant selected persons in accordance with the
rules of the 2023 Share Award Scheme. Awarded Shares granted and subsisting under the 2008 Share Award
Scheme prior to its expiry shall continue to be in full force and effect in accordance with the 2008 Share
Award Scheme and their terms of grant. On 9 April 2025, 91,497,900 Awarded Shares (all to be satisfied
in the form of existing shares) were granted under the 2023 Share Award Scheme. There were a total of
135,206,800 Awarded Shares granted under the 2023 Share Award Scheme which remained outstanding as
at 31 December 2025.
056   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      INTRODUCTION
      The Board aims to achieve a high standard of corporate governance and business ethics in pursuing the
      Group’s mission of “building a sustainable and connected future with advanced technology”. The Group’s
      ultimate goal is to maximise value for its Shareholders and other stakeholders. The Group holds on to change,
      innovation, accountability and excellence as its core values.


      The Board is committed to enhancing the Group’s corporate governance standards by improving corporate
      transparency through effective channels of information disclosure. The Board believes that good corporate
      governance is beneficial for maintaining close and trustful relationships with its employees, business
      partners, Shareholders and investors.


      Accordingly, the Company has adopted a corporate governance code prepared based on the Code Provisions
      of the CG Code as the guidelines for corporate governance of the Company, as amended, revised and updated
      from time to time to reflect the latest changes in the Code Provisions, and the Company has taken steps to
      comply with and apply the Code Provisions and principles of good corporate governance under the CG Code
      wherever appropriate.


      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
      Throughout the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company has complied with the Code Provisions set out
      in Part 2 of the CG Code and adopted recommended best practices set out in the CG Code where appropriate,
      except for the deviation from the Code Provision F.1.3 of the CG Code.


      Under Code Provision F.1.3 of the CG Code, the chairman of the board should attend the annual general
      meeting. The chairman of the board should also invite the chairmen of the audit, remuneration, nomination
      and any other committees (as appropriate) to attend. The chairman of the independent board committee (if
      any) should also be available to answer questions at any general meeting to approve a connected transaction
      or any other transaction that requires independent shareholders’ approval.


      Due to other pre-arranged business commitments which must be attended to, Ms. DU Juan, being the
      chairperson of the Board and an executive Director, was not present at the 2025 AGM. However, Dr. TSENG
      Shieng-chang Carter, being the then chairperson of the Remuneration Committee and an independent non-
      executive Director, Professor WANG Yijiang, being the chairperson of the Nomination Committee and an
      independent non-executive Director, and Mr. LAU Siu Ki, being the chairperson of the Audit Committee and
      an independent non-executive Director, were present at the 2025 AGM to maintain an ongoing dialogue and
      communicate with the Shareholders and encourage their participation.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   057


                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




COMPLIANCE WITH DEED OF NON-COMPETITION
The Company has received a written confirmation from TCL Industries Holdings and T.C.L. Industries (H.K.)
confirming that for the period from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025 (both dates inclusive), they had
fully complied with the Deed of Non-Competition (2020) executed by them in favour of the Company dated 29
June 2020.


The Company has received a written confirmation from TCL Technology confirming that for the period from 1
January 2025 to 31 December 2025 (both dates inclusive), it had fully complied with the Deed of Termination
(2020) executed by and among TCL Technology, T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) and the Company dated 29 June
2020.


The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the relevant confirmations on Deed of Non-Competition
(2020) and Deed of Termination (2020), and all of them are satisfied that the non-competition undertakings
under the Deed of Non-Competition (2020) and the Deed of Termination (2020) have been complied with
during the year ended 31 December 2025.


DIRECTORS
The Board
The Board, led by the chairperson, steers the Company’s business direction. It is responsible for formulating
the Company’s long-term strategies, setting business development goals, establishing and shaping the
corporate culture, assessing results of management policies, monitoring the management’s performance and
ensuring effective implementation of risk management measures on a regular basis. The Board is accountable
to the Shareholders for the long-term development and success of the Company.


The Directors meet regularly to review the Group’s financial and operational performance and to discuss and
formulate future development plans. Regular Board meetings are attended by the majority of the Directors in
person or through electronic means of communication.
058   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      Board Composition
      There are currently seven Directors, all being industry veterans, responsible to the Shareholders for
      formulating the overall business development targets and long-term company strategies, assessing results
      of management policies and monitoring performance of the management. The Board comprised the following
      Directors during the year ended 31 December 2025 and as at the date of this annual report:


      Executive Directors
      Ms. DU Juan (Chairperson)
      Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong (CEO)
      Mr. PENG Pan (CFO)
      Mr. SUN Li


      Independent Non-executive Directors
      Professor WANG Yijiang
      Mr. LAU Siu Ki
      Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max (Note (a))
      Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter (Note (b))

      Notes:


      (a)      Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max was appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 6 June 2025.


      (b)      Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter retired as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 6 June 2025.


      On 5 June 2025, Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max (i) obtained legal advice from Messrs. Ronald Tong & Co, a firm of
      solicitors qualified to advise on Hong Kong law, as regards the requirements under the Listing Rules that are
      applicable to him as a Director and the possible consequences of making a false declaration or giving false
      information to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; and (ii) confirmed he understood his obligations as a Director.


      An updated list of the Company’s Directors by category identifying their roles and functions is at all times
      available on the websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The list specifies whether the
      Director is an independent non-executive Director and sets out the respective roles and functions of each
      Director. The Company identifies the independent non-executive Directors in all corporate communications
      which disclose the names of Directors. Details of the biographies of the Directors are given under the section
      “Board of Directors” of this annual report on pages 16 to 24.


      There are no relationships (including financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships)
      among members of the Board and between the chairperson of the Board and the chief executive.
                                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025         059


                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




The independent non-executive Directors play important roles on the Board. They are experienced
professionals in their respective fields. They are responsible for ensuring that the Board maintains high
standards of financial and other mandatory reporting as well as providing adequate checks and balances for
safeguarding the interests of Shareholders and the Group as a whole.


Throughout the year of 2025, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating
to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors and the number of independent
non-executive Directors made up at least one-third of the total number of members of the Board. At least one
of the independent non-executive Directors has appropriate professional qualifications or accounting-related
financial management expertise as required under the Listing Rules.


Number of Meetings Attended/Eligible to Attend in 2025
During the year of 2025, the Board held four regular meetings at about quarterly intervals and four additional
meetings. As regards general meetings, the Company held the 2025 AGM on 6 June 2025. A table summary
in regard to the Directors’ participation at various Board meetings, Board Committee meetings and the
Company’s general meetings during the year of 2025 is set out below:


                                               Regular   Additional       Audit Remuneration   Nomination    Strategy
                           TYPE OF MEETINGS      Board       Board    Committee   Committee    Committee    Committee     General
                                              Meetings   Meetings      Meetings     Meetings    Meetings     Meetings    Meetings
DIRECTORS                                                                                                     (Note 4)


Executive Directors
DU Juan                                           4/4          3/4         N/A          N/A          1/1       12/12         0/1
ZHANG Shaoyong                                    3/4          3/4         N/A          N/A          N/A       12/12         0/1
PENG Pan (Note 1)                                 4/4          3/4         N/A          3/3          1/1       12/12         1/1
SUN Li                                            4/4          4/4         N/A          N/A          N/A          N/A        1/1


Independent Non-executive Directors
WANG Yijiang                                      3/4          4/4         3/3          3/3          1/1          N/A        1/1
LAU Siu Ki                                        4/4          3/4         3/3          3/3          1/1          N/A        1/1
HUI Chi Kin Max (Note 2)                          2/2          2/2         2/2          1/1          1/1          N/A        N/A
TSENG Shieng-chang Carter (Note 3)                2/2          2/2         1/1          2/2          N/A          N/A        1/1

Notes:

1.        Mr. PENG Pan ceased to be a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 27 March 2026.

2.        Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max was appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 6 June 2025.

3.        Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter retired as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 6 June 2025.

4.        The Strategy Committee was established on 22 September 2017. From 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025 and
          up to the date of this annual report, it comprises Ms. DU Juan as the chairperson, Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong and Mr.
          PENG Pan as the members.
060   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      Notices of regular Board meetings are served to all Directors at least 14 days before the meeting.


      Agenda and papers together with all appropriate, complete and reliable information are sent to all Directors in
      a timely manner, and at least three days before the intended date of each Board or Board Committee meeting,
      except agreed otherwise among the members, to ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers,
      be adequately prepared for the meeting, keep the Directors or the Board Committee members apprised of the
      latest developments and financial position of the Company and to enable them to include any matter in the
      agenda and to make informed decisions.


      The Company has in place effective mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to
      the Board. The Board has conducted an annual review on such mechanisms in 2025 and is of the view that
      the mechanisms have been properly implemented and are effective. In particular, the Company plans Board
      and Board Committee meeting schedules well in advance and provides remote facilities for attendance, so
      as to facilitate active attendance and participation in the meetings. Board members, especially independent
      non-executive Directors, are welcome and are encouraged to raise enquiries, suggestions and views during
      the meetings. The Board processes as stated above, including agenda setting and provision of meeting
      documents, facilitates effective and active participation by all Directors. The Board and each Director, upon
      reasonable request, have access to independent professional advice to assist them in performing their duties
      to the Company, at the Company’s expense.


      Minutes of all Board, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee and Strategy
      Committee meetings are kept by the joint company secretaries of the Company. All of the above minutes
      record the matters considered and the discussions and decisions reached by the relevant Directors or
      Board Committee members in sufficient detail, including any concern raised by Directors or dissenting views
      expressed. Any Director may inspect the minutes at any reasonable time on reasonable notice.


      Draft minutes are normally circulated to Directors or members of the relevant committee for comment within
      reasonable time after each meeting and the final version is sent to all Directors or Board Committee members
      for their record.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     061


                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




According to the current Board practice, any transaction, which involves a conflict of interests between a
substantial Shareholder or a Director and the Company, will be considered and dealt with by the Board at
a duly convened Board meeting with the presence of the independent non-executive Directors who have
no material interest in the said transaction. Directors will abstain from voting and not be counted in the
quorum at meetings for approving the relevant transactions or matters in which such Directors or any of their
associates have a material interest.


The Company has maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of any legal action against its Directors
and officers arising out of corporate activities.


Chairperson and CEO
The Company fully supports the division of responsibility between the chairperson of the Board and the CEO
(being the chief executive of the Company) to ensure a balance of power and authority, and adopted a set of
consolidated memorandum of duties setting out its division of responsibilities between the chairperson and
the CEO on 24 February 2012.


During the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report, the position of the
chairperson of the Board is held by Ms. DU Juan and the position of CEO is held by Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong.


The core duties of the chairperson of the Board include:


•      providing leadership for the Board;


•      ensuring that the Board works effectively, performs its responsibilities, discusses all key and
       appropriate issues in a timely manner, with good corporate governance practices and procedures;


•      ensuring, with the assistance of the management, that the Directors receive adequate, accurate, clear,
       complete and reliable information in a timely manner and appropriate briefings on issues arising at
       Board meetings;


•      ensuring that the agenda for each Board meeting is drawn up and approving the same, taking into
       account matters proposed by other Directors;


•      encouraging all Directors to fully and actively contribute to the Board’s affairs, express different views
       and discuss issues in sufficient depth before reaching any consensus in Board decisions;


•      facilitating the effective contribution of Directors, in particular, non-executive Directors, and promoting
       the constructive relations between executive and non-executive Directors;


•      meeting at least annually with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other
       Directors. The Board regards such meeting as an exchange of opinions whereby a broad range of
       strategic and performance matters are openly discussed; and
062   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      •      ensuring the effective communication between the Board and the Shareholders as a whole through
             different channels, including (i) printed or electronic copies (as elected by Shareholders) of corporate
             communications required by the Listing Rules; (ii) the AGM which provides a forum for Shareholders to
             raise comments and exchange views with the Board; and (iii) the Company’s website which allows the
             Shareholders to acquire the updated and key information on the Group and to provide feedback to the
             Company.


      Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Members of the Board
      Under article 116 of the Articles, at each AGM, not less than one-third of the Directors for the time being
      shall retire from office by rotation and every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be
      subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years while those retiring Directors shall be eligible
      for re-election. Any director who has not been subject to retirement by rotation in the three years preceding
      the AGM shall retire by rotation at such AGM.


      Under article 99 of the Articles, any Director appointed by the Board whether to fill a casual vacancy or as an
      addition to the Board shall hold office only until the first AGM after his appointment and shall then be eligible
      for re-election at that meeting.


      Accordingly, at the 2025 AGM, Mr. SUN Li and Professor WANG Yijiang retired from office by rotation pursuant
      to article 116 of the Articles and were re-elected as Directors thereat, whilst Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter
      retired from office by rotation pursuant to article 116 of the Articles but did not offer himself for re-election
      with an aim to promote good corporate governance of the Company and healthy development of the Board
      as he has been an independent non-executive Director for more than 9 years. Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max shall hold
      office until the 2026 AGM and shall then be eligible for re-election at the 2026 AGM pursuant to article 99 of
      the Articles.


      Independent Non-executive Directors
      Pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, the Company has received a written confirmation from each
      independent non-executive Director of his independence to the Company. The Company has assessed the
      independence and considers all of the independent non-executive Directors to be independent based on the
      independence criteria in accordance with the requirements in Listing Rules, their non-involvement in the daily
      operation and management of the Group and the absence of any relationship which will interfere with the
      exercise of their independent judgement.
                                                                  TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025          063


                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




All independent non-executive Directors, including those appointed for a specific term, are subject to
retirement by rotation and re-election at AGM of the Company in accordance with the Articles and the Listing
Rules. A summary of rotation and re-election of independent non-executive Directors is set out in the table
below:


                                                                   Date of last election or
                                                                   retirement by rotation
 Name of Directors (Note 1)         Position                       and re-election             Term of appointment


 WANG Yijiang                       Independent                    AGM held on                 No specific term, subject
                                       non-executive Director        6 June 2025                     to retirement by rotation
                                                                                                     and re-election


 LAU Siu Ki                         Independent                    AGM held on                 No specific term, subject
                                       non-executive Director        20 May 2024                     to retirement by rotation
                                                                                                     and re-election


 HUI Chi Kin Max (Note 2)           Independent                    N/A                         No specific term, subject
                                       non-executive Director                                        to retirement by rotation
                                                                                                     and re-election


 TSENG Shieng-chang Carter          Independent                    AGM held on                 No specific term, subject
     (Note 3)                          non-executive Director        6 June 2025                     to retirement by rotation
                                                                                                     and re-election

Notes:


1.       The above table is a list of independent non-executive Directors during the year of 2025.


2.       Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max was appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 6 June 2025.


3.       Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter retired as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 6 June 2025 and
         did not offer himself for re-election.
064   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      Nomination of Directors
      The Board has established the Nomination Committee to provide a framework and set the standards for the
      appointment of high quality directors who should have the capacity and ability to lead the Company towards
      achieving sustainable development. It considers matters regarding the nomination and/or appointment or re-
      appointment of Director(s).


      Details of the Nomination Committee are set out in the sub-section headed “Nomination Committee” below.


      Responsibilities of Directors
      The CFO of the Company, with assistance from the Company’s external legal advisor (who is currently also
      one of the joint company secretaries of the Company), works closely with the newly appointed Directors both
      immediately before and after his/her appointment to acquaint the newly appointed Directors with the duties
      and responsibilities as a Director and the business operation of the Company.


      A package compiled and reviewed by the Company’s legal advisor setting out such duties and responsibilities
      under the Listing Rules, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and other related laws and relevant regulatory
      requirements of Hong Kong is provided to each newly appointed Director. The package also includes
      information relating to the operations and business of the Group. The Directors are updated with the latest
      developments in laws, rules and regulations relating to the duties and responsibilities of Directors from time
      to time. Guidelines for Directors issued by the Companies Registry of Hong Kong have been forwarded to each
      Director for his/her information and ready reference.


      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Board is of the view that the independent non-executive
      Directors are well aware of their functions and have been actively performing their functions including but
      not limited to exercising their independent judgement at the Board meetings, taking the lead where potential
      conflicts of interest arise, scrutinising the Company’s performance and providing constructive and informed
      advice on the business strategy, policy, performance and management of the Company. They regularly
      review the financial information, monitor the operational performance of the Company and serve on the Audit
      Committee, the Remuneration Committee and/or the Nomination Committee.


      The Directors have disclosed to the Company at the time of their appointment, and in a timely manner for
      any change, the number and nature of offices held in public companies or organisations and other significant
      commitments. They have also informed the Company of the identity of other public companies or organisations
      they serve and the time involved in these public companies or organisations.
                                                                TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025       065


                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




During the year ended 31 December 2025, all Directors have devoted their time and attention to the affairs
of the Company with their hands-on knowledge and expertise in the areas and operation with which they are
charged. The contribution made by the Directors to the affairs of the Company is measured in terms of time
as well as quality of the attention and the ability of the Directors with reference to their necessary knowledge
and expertise. The satisfactory attendance at Board meetings, general meetings and Board Committee
meetings indicates the active participation of all Directors, including executive and independent non-executive
Directors and ensures a better understanding of the views of Shareholders by all Directors. The extent of
participation and contribution should be viewed both quantitatively and qualitatively.


To fulfil their duties properly, where they consider it necessary to obtain additional information other than that
provided by the management, the Directors make inquiries during the Board meetings and Board Committee
meetings. The queries raised by Directors have received prompt and full responses.


Induction and Continuous Professional Development
The Directors are continually updated with legal and regulatory developments, and the business and market
changes to facilitate the discharge of their responsibilities through various Board meetings, resolutions,
memos and Board papers. According to the records maintained by the Company, the Directors received the
following training with an emphasis on the roles, functions and duties of a director of a listed company in
compliance with the requirement of the CG Code on continuous professional development during the period
from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025:


 Directors                                                              Read materials      Attend seminars/briefings


 Executive Directors
 Ms. DU Juan (Chairperson)                                                             ✔                                ✔
 Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong (CEO)                                                              ✔                                ✔
 Mr. PENG Pan (CFO)                                                                    ✔                                ✔
 Mr. SUN Li                                                                            ✔                                ✔


 Independent Non-executive Directors
 Professor WANG Yijiang                                                                ✔                                ✔
 Mr. LAU Siu Ki                                                                        ✔                                ✔
 Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max (Note 1)                                                          ✔                                ✔
 Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter (Note 2)                                                ✔                                ✔

Notes:


1.       Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max was appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 6 June 2025.


2.       Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter retired as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 6 June 2025.
066   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      Securities Transactions Guidelines
      The Board has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions on terms no less
      exacting than the required standard as set out in the Model Code under Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.


      Specific enquiries have been made with all Directors, and all of them confirmed that they have complied with
      the required standard set out in the Model Code and the Company’s code of conduct regarding Directors’
      securities transactions during the year ended 31 December 2025.


      The Directors’ and chief executive’s interests in Shares within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO as at 31
      December 2025 are set out on page 104 of this annual report.


      The Board has also established written guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code for the
      relevant employees, including any employee or a director of a subsidiary or holding company who, because of
      his/her office or employment, is likely to be in possession of inside information in relation to the Company or
      its securities, in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities.


      DELEGATION BY THE BOARD
      Management Functions
      The Board delegates its powers and authorities from time to time to the Board Committees and the
      management in order to ensure the operational efficiency and that specific issues are being handled by
      personnel with the relevant expertise. All Board Committees are provided with accurate and sufficient
      information in a timely manner so as to enable the Board Committees to make informed decisions for the
      benefit of the Company and with sufficient resources to discharge their duties. The management team of the
      Company is accountable to the Board for the operations and businesses of the Group. During the year ended
      31 December 2025, the Board Committees and the management team of the Company have performed the
      duties delegated to them as set out further below.


      On 24 February 2012, the Board has adopted a set of consolidated memorandum of duties setting out its
      delegation policy. The segregation of duties and responsibilities between the Board and the management has
      been clearly defined and provided as internal guidelines of the Company.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   067


                                                                    Corporate Governance Report




The types of decisions which are to be taken by the Board include those relating to:


•     corporate and capital structure;


•     corporate strategy;


•     significant policies affecting the Company as a whole and material changes thereof;


•     business plan, budgets and any subsequent material changes, public announcements and matters
      referred to the Board by Board Committees;


•     key financial matters;


•     appointment, removal or reappointment of Board members, senior management and auditor;


•     remuneration of Directors and senior management; and


•     communication with key stakeholders, including Shareholders and regulatory bodies.


The types of decisions that the Board has delegated to the management include:


•     approving the extension of the Group’s activities not in a material manner into a new geographic
      location or a new business;


•     assessing and monitoring the performance of all business units and ensuring that all necessary
      corrective actions have been taken;


•     approving expenses up to a certain limit;


•     approving the nomination and appointment of personnel other than members of the Board, senior
      management and auditor;


•     approving press releases concerning matters decided by the Board;


•     approving any matters related to routine matters or day-to-day operation of the Group (including the
      entering into of any transaction not requiring disclosure under the Listing Rules and cessation of non-
      material parts of the Group’s business); and


•     carrying out any other duties as the Board may delegate from time to time.
068   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      Operation
      In order to facilitate the strategic development of the Company and enhance its operational decision-making
      efficiency, the Board resolved on 22 September 2017 to establish the Strategy Committee. The main purpose
      of the Strategy Committee is to lead the development of the Group in relation to research and exploration of
      new directions and modes of business for approval of the Board and for implementation of the same, and
      improvement of operational decision-making efficiency. As at the date of this annual report, the Strategy
      Committee comprises Ms. DU Juan (chairperson), Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong and Mr. PENG Pan, all being executive
      Directors. The Strategy Committee is delegated by the Board to approve and implement matters including but
      not limited to transactions not requiring disclosures under the Listing Rules, business development plans
      proposed by the management and assessing performance of business units of the Group not requiring the
      approval from the Board.


      Board Committees
      Throughout 2025, the Board had four Board Committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
      Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee, all with specific written terms of
      reference, to oversee particular aspects of the Group’s affairs.


      Attendance of the relevant members of the Board Committees at the meetings of the Board Committees in
      2025 is set out on page 59 of this annual report.


      Nomination Committee
      The Nomination Committee currently comprises five members, namely Ms. DU Juan and Mr. PENG Pan, both
      being executive Directors, and Professor WANG Yijiang, Mr. LAU Siu Ki and Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max, all being
      independent non-executive Directors. Professor WANG Yijiang is the chairperson of the Nomination Committee.
      The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the year of 2025.


      The Nomination Committee is governed by its terms of reference, which are closely aligned with the relevant
      Code Provisions requirements and are available at both the Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com)
      and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkex.com.hk).
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   069


                                                                     Corporate Governance Report




The main duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:


•     review and supervise the performance, structure, size, diversity and composition of the Board;


•     identify qualified individuals to become members of the Board;


•     assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;


•     make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and succession planning of
      Directors, in particular the chairperson of the Board and chief executive(s), and any proposed change
      to the Board to implement the Company’s corporate strategy;


•     consider Board succession planning and conduct periodical reviews of the plan;


•     review the Board Diversity Policy;


•     monitor and review the Nomination Policy to ensure that it remains relevant to the Company’s needs
      and reflects both current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice; and


•     review the sufficiency of time commitment of Directors to perform their responsibilities.


The work performed by the Nomination Committee during 2025 included:


•     considering and making recommendation to the Board on the nomination of Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max as an
      independent non-executive Director;


•     considering the nomination of Ms. DU Juan, Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong and Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max to be re-
      elected as Directors at the AGM in 2026 in accordance with the Nomination Policy and Board Diversity
      Policy (each of Ms. DU Juan and Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max had respectively abstained from voting at the
      relevant Board meeting and Nomination Committee meeting on the proposition of their respective
      recommendation for their re-election by the Shareholders at the forthcoming AGM);


•     reviewing the Nomination Policy and Board Diversity Policy;


•     reviewing the current Board structure, diversity, size and composition;


•     assessing the independence of all independent non-executive Directors; and


•     reviewing the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities and whether he/
      she has spent sufficient time performing them.


The Nomination Committee performed all these main duties in 2025.
070   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      Nomination Policy
      The Company has adopted the Nomination Policy on 20 December 2018 (with effect from 1 January 2019),
      which sets out the Company’s policy in relation to nomination of Directors that the Company has been
      following. The terms of the Company’s Nomination Policy are set out as follows:


      OBJECTIVE
      1.    The Nomination Policy aims to list the principles and procedures for selection and nomination of the
            Board, to ensure the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate
            to the requirements of the Company’s business.


      2.    The Nomination Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for it to consider and
            make recommendations to Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings, or to appoint as
            Directors to fill casual vacancies.


      3.    The Nomination Committee may, as it considers appropriate, nominate a number of candidates more
            than the number of Directors to be appointed or re-elected at a general meeting, or the number of
            casual vacancies to be filled.


      SELECTION CRITERIA
      4.    The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing the
            suitability of a proposed candidate.


            Common Criteria for All Directors
            4.1.   Reputation, character and integrity


            4.2.   Commitment in respect of available time


            4.3.   The willingness to assume fiduciary responsibility


            4.4.   Present needs of the Board for particular experience or expertise and whether the candidate
                   would satisfy those needs


            4.5.   Relevant experience, including experience at the strategy/policy setting level, high level
                   managerial experience in a complex organisation, industry experience and familiarity with the
                   products and processes used by the Company
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    071


                                                                    Corporate Governance Report




     4.6.   Significant business or public experience relevant and beneficial to the Board and the Company


     4.7.   Breadth of knowledge about issues affecting the Company


     4.8.   Ability to objectively analyse complex business problems and exercise sound business judgement


     4.9.   Ability and willingness to contribute special competencies to Board matters


     4.10. Fit with the Company’s culture


     4.11. Diversity in all its aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural
            and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of
            service


     Criteria Applicable to Non-executive Directors/Independent Non-executive Directors
     4.12. Willingness and ability to make a sufficient time commitment to the affairs of the Company
            in order to effectively perform the duties of a Director (including attendance at and active
            participation in Board and committee meetings), and considering other responsibilities of the
            relevant candidate (such as other directorships held in public companies the securities of which
            are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas and other major appointments, if
            any) and the effort and time that may be required by the candidate in fulfilling such role


     4.13. Accomplishments of the candidate in his/her field


     4.14. Outstanding professional and personal reputation


     4.15. The candidate’s ability to meet the independence criteria for directors established in the Listing
            Rules


5.   These factors are for reference only, and are not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination
     Committee has the discretion to nominate any person as it considers appropriate.


6.   Retiring directors, save for those who have served as independent non-executive Directors for a period
     of nine consecutive years or more, are eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-election at a
     general meeting. Any independent non-executive Director who has served such role for a period of nine
     consecutive years or more is, subject to the Nomination Committee being satisfied that he/she still
     maintains his/her independence and that his/her continuation to serve in such role is in the interest
     of the Company and its shareholders as a whole, eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-
     election at a general meeting.
072   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      7.    Proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information in a prescribed form,
            together with their written consent to be appointed as a director of the Company and to the public
            disclosure of their personal data on any documents or the relevant websites for the purpose of or in
            relation to their standing for election to such directorship.


      8.    The Nomination Committee may request candidates to provide additional information and documents, if
            considered necessary.


      NOMINATION PROCEDURES
      9.    The board affairs team of the Company shall be responsible for liaising with the company secretary
            to call a meeting of the Nomination Committee, and invite nominations of candidates from Board
            members, if any, for consideration by the Nomination Committee prior to its meeting. The Nomination
            Committee may also put forward candidates who are not nominated by Board members.


      10.   For filling a casual vacancy, the Nomination Committee shall make recommendations for the Board’s
            consideration and approval. For proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting, the
            Nomination Committee shall make nominations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation.
            The Nomination Committee follows the procedures below when considering nomination of Directors:


            10.1. the Nomination Committee will evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience of the
                   Board, and identify any special requirements for the vacancy or the directorship the candidate
                   is proposed to take (e.g. independence status in the case of an independent non-executive
                   Director);


            10.2. the Nomination Committee will consider the role and capabilities required for the particular
                   vacancy or the directorship;


            10.3. the Nomination Committee will identify candidates through personal contacts/recommendations
                   by Board members, senior management, business partners or investors, and will to the extent
                   possible select from a broad range of candidates who are outside the Board’s circle of contacts
                   in accordance with the Company’s Board Diversity Policy;


            10.4. where appropriate, the Nomination Committee will conduct interviews with the relevant candidate
                   to evaluate whether he/she meets the aforesaid selection and nomination criteria, and verify the
                   information provided by the candidate; and


            10.5. the Nomination Committee will make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re–
                   appointment of Directors.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   073


                                                                    Corporate Governance Report




11.   The Nomination Committee shall ensure the selection process to be transparent and fair.


12.   For the avoidance of doubt, the ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors rests
      with the entire Board.


13.   Until the issue of the shareholder circular, the nominated persons shall not assume that they have
      been proposed by the Board to stand for election at the general meeting.


14.   In order to provide information of the candidates nominated by the Board to stand for election at
      a general meeting, a circular will be sent to Shareholders. The names, brief biographies (including
      qualifications and relevant experience), independence (for independent non-executive Directors),
      proposed remuneration and any other information, as required pursuant to the applicable laws, rules
      and regulations, of the proposed candidates will be included in the circular to Shareholders.


15.   “Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a director” of the Company shall
      apply in respect of the nomination by Shareholders of person for election as Director.


16.   A candidate is allowed to withdraw his/her candidature at any time before the despatch of circular
      to Shareholders for election at the general meeting by serving the Company a notice in writing
      provided that such notice shall be served to the Company not less than three business days prior
      to the despatch of the said circular. If any candidate wishes to withdraw his/her candidature after
      the despatch of circular but before the convening of the general meeting for any special reason(s),
      the Board may, after considering such reason(s) and having confirmed that such withdrawal is in the
      interest of the Company and the Shareholders, approve such withdrawal.


17.   The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to
      stand for election at any general meeting.
074   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      CONFIDENTIALITY
      18.   Unless required by law or any regulatory authority, under no circumstances shall a member of the
            Nomination Committee or a staff member of the Company disclose any information to or entertain
            any enquiries from the public with regard to any nomination or candidature before the circular to
            Shareholders, as the case may be, is issued. Following the issue of the circular, the Nomination
            Committee or other staff member of the Company approved by the Nomination Committee may
            answer enquiries from the regulatory authorities or the public but confidential information regarding
            nominations and candidates should not be disclosed.


      REVIEW
      19.   In addition to meeting for the purpose of considering Board appointment(s), the Nomination Committee
            shall from time to time meet (and at least once annually):


            19.1. to review and consider the performance of the Board, including but not limited to looking at
                    benchmarking how the Company’s Board measures up against the other boards in Hong Kong or
                    Chinese mainland of peer issuers;


            19.2. to consider the need to refresh the Board composition regularly to avoid entrenchment and to
                    attract fresh thinking;


            19.3. to consider Board succession planning and conduct periodical reviews of the plan to ensure the
                    long-term success of the Company; and


            19.4. to monitor and review Nomination Policy to ensure that it remains relevant to the Company’s
                    needs and reflects both current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice.


      20.   The Nomination Committee will continually review the Nomination Policy and reserves the right in its
            sole and absolute discretion to update, amend, modify and/or cancel the Nomination Policy at any
            time.


      21.   The Board may in accordance with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations disclose in
            the Company’s Corporate Governance Report annually any information regarding the Nomination Policy,
            procedures and objectives made for implementation of the Nomination Policy and the progress made
            towards achieving the objectives.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    075


                                                                     Corporate Governance Report




Board Diversity Policy
The Company adopted the Board Diversity Policy on 13 August 2013 which sets out its approach to
achievement and maintenance of diversity on the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board,
which was subsequently revised and updated on 20 December 2018. With a view to achieving a sustainable
and balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element
in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development, and Board diversity
also helps to achieve a diversity of views and perspectives among members of the Board, to enhance decision
making capacity, and to fairly and effectively safeguard the interests of various stakeholders, especially the
long-term interests of the Shareholders.


The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of Board diversity and endeavours to ensure that the
Board has the appropriate balance and level of skills, experience and perspectives required to support the
execution of its business strategies. The Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration
of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be
based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. All Board appointments
and succession will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria,
having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The Company will also take into consideration
factors based on its own business model and specific needs from time to time in determining the optimum
composition of the Board.


The Board has set measurable objectives (in terms of gender, skills and professional experience, etc.
as aforementioned) to implement the Board Diversity Policy and review such objectives from time to time
to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives. In
particular, in accordance with the requirements under the CG Code, the Company has set an initial target of
appointing at least one director of a different gender to the Board and has achieved such target since August
2021 when Ms. DU Juan was appointed as an executive Director and the chairperson of the Board. As at the
date of this annual report, the gender diversity ratio of the Board is approximately 14.3% (1 female out of 7
Directors). The Nomination Committee and the Board will review the Board’s gender diversity ratio target from
time to time and take opportunities to increase the proportion of female members over time as and when
suitable candidates are identified. Further, the Board currently consists of members with different professional
backgrounds (including business, corporate management, marketing, human resources management,
accounting, investment, financial management and technology) and from different age groups (from 40’s
to 70’s). Accordingly, the Nomination Committee considers that the current composition of the Board is
characterised by diversity (including gender diversity) after taking into account its own business model and
specific needs, whether considered in terms of professional experience or skills.
076   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its continued
      effectiveness from time to time. The Nomination Committee will discuss at least annually any changes to the
      Board Diversity Policy and Board composition that may be required (including the need to identify potential
      successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity), and make such recommendations to the Board for
      consideration and approval. The Board has reviewed the Board Diversity Policy in 2025 and is of the view that
      the Board Diversity Policy has been properly implemented and is effective.


      The overall gender diversity of the Group is relatively balanced. As at 31 December 2025, the overall
      workforce of the Group consisted of approximately 59.6% male and 40.4% female employees. The Board
      was led by a female chairperson. In addition, there were two members of senior management (as referred to
      under paragraph 12 of Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules) in the Group and two of them were male employees.
      The Group has in place a mechanism to support diversity across all facets including but not limited to
      gender diversity. The Group treats every employee equally, adheres to equal pay for equal work and equal
      opportunities for different genders. In particular, the recruitment process of the Group shall not involve any
      discrimination on the grounds of race, disability, gender, sexual orientation, family responsibilities, marital
      status, union membership, political opinion, age, languages or other discriminatory factors. The Group also
      cares for the legal rights and special needs of female employees and has established a “mummy hut” to
      provide comfortable and private breastfeeding spaces for female employees during their lactation, so as to
      attract and retain more female talent. Besides, the Group offers half-day off for female employees on the
      International Women’s Day. In the past four years, the proportion of female employees of the overall workforce
      of the Group was more than 40%. Whilst it is relatively challenging for the Group to achieve equal gender ratio
      across all business units of the Group due to the characteristics and work types of different business units, it
      is the Group’s goal to achieve a balanced gender ratio in the overall workforce (including senior management).
      For further details of the diversity of the workforce of the Group, please refer to the ESG Report of the Group
      for the year ended 31 December 2025.


      Remuneration Committee
      As of 31 December 2025, the Remuneration Committee comprised four members, namely Mr. PENG Pan,
      being an executive Director (ceased to be a member of the Remuneration Committee on 27 March 2026),
      and Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max, Professor WANG Yijiang and Mr. LAU Siu Ki, all being independent non-executive
      Directors. Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max is the chairperson of the Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration
      Committee held three meetings during the year of 2025.


      The Remuneration Committee is governed by its terms of reference, which were adopted by the Board on 24
      February 2012 and subsequently revised by way of the written resolutions of all Directors dated 29 December
      2022, and by resolutions passed at the meeting of the Board held on 23 November 2023. The terms of
      reference are made available on the Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com) and the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange’s website (http://www.hkex.com.hk).
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   077


                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




The Remuneration Committee was established on 16 April 2005 pursuant to Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules. It
meets from time to time to discharge its duties as set out in its terms of reference. Among others, it makes
recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all remuneration of Directors and
senior management, and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on
such remuneration. It also reviews and approves the management’s remuneration proposals with reference
to corporate goals and objectives approved by the Board from time to time, and determines, with delegated
responsibility, the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management.


The work performed by the Remuneration Committee during 2025 included:


•     considering and making recommendation to the Board on the remuneration of Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max, the
      then newly appointed independent non-executive Director;


•     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for
      all Directors’ and senior management’s remuneration, and reviewing and approving management’s
      remuneration proposals, with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives;


•     reviewing and determining the remuneration packages of all executive Directors and senior management
      of the Company with reference to their performance;


•     assessing the performance of executive Directors; and


•     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors.


There are no material matters relating to the share schemes of the Company as referred to in Chapter 17 of
the Listing Rules which were required to be reviewed and/or approved by the Remuneration Committee during
the year ended 31 December 2025.


The human resources department provides administrative support and implements the approved remuneration
packages and other human resources related decisions approved by the Remuneration Committee.
078   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      Emolument Policy and Long-Term Incentive Plans
      To attract and retain talent, the Company provides a competitive remuneration package to its employees,
      including executive Directors and senior management. This comprises base monthly salary, guaranteed cash
      benefits and allowances, special allowances, variable pay, and long-term incentive plans which include Share
      Option Scheme and Share Award Schemes, if applicable. The amount of variable pay is set at a percentage
      of the fixed pay, and is paid half-yearly or yearly depending on performance delivered through plans and
      objectives which have pre-determined criteria and standards. Long-term incentive plans primarily consist
      of share options carrying rights to subscribe for the Shares and Awarded Shares respectively. Please refer
      to pages 106 to 114 of this annual report for details of the Share Option Scheme and the Share Award
      Schemes. The emoluments payable to the Directors are determined with reference to their duties and
      responsibilities with the Company and the market rate for the positions.


      The remuneration package of executives is designed so that a proportion is structured to link rewards to
      corporate and individual performance, and gives incentives to executives to perform at the highest levels.
      Through job evaluation and job matching, the Group ensures the pay is internally equitable. Besides, the
      Group ensures external competitiveness of the pay through reference to market surveys and data.


      The non-executive Directors’ compensation relates to the time commitment and responsibilities. They receive
      fees which comprise the following components:


      •     Directors’ fee, which is usually paid annually; and


      •     share options and/or Awarded Shares of the Company which are awarded subject to the discretion of
            the Board, if any.


      The fees and any other reimbursement or emolument payable to the Directors and senior management by
      band are set out in notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   079


                                                                     Corporate Governance Report




DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company confirmed and consolidated its Dividend Policy on 20 December 2018 (taking effect from 1
January 2019).


Purpose
1.    The Dividend Policy aims to consolidate and set out the approach and principles of the Company in
      declaration of dividend.


Factor(s) to be considered for declaration of dividends
2.    In considering whether to declare any dividend, the Board shall consider factors in all aspects such
      as the operating results, cash flow, financial condition and capital requirements of the Group and the
      interests of the Shareholders, including but not limited to:


      2.1.   the Company’s actual and expected financial performance;


      2.2.   retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the
             Group;


      2.3.   the level of the Group’s debt-to-equity ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial
             covenants;


      2.4.   any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;


      2.5.   the Group’s expected working capital requirements and future expansion plans;


      2.6.   general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal or
             external factors that may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position
             of the Company; and


      2.7.   any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.
080   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      Principles in relation to declaration of dividends
      3.    If the Group records a profit and the Board, having considered factors of all aspects (including but not
            limited to those factors set out in paragraph 2 above), is satisfied that the declaration and distribution
            of dividends does not affect the Group’s normal operations, and subject to compliance with any
            restrictions under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands and the Articles:


            3.1.   the Company may declare and distribute dividends to the Shareholders;


            3.2.   the Company will give priority to distributing dividends in cash and share its profits with the
                   Shareholders, whereas the payout ratio target of dividends distributed is expected to be in the
                   range of 30%–50% of the Group’s net profit for the current year, and the remaining profit will be
                   used for the business development and operation of the Group; and


            3.3.   yet, any such declaration and payment of dividends shall remain to be determined at the sole
                   discretion of the Board.


      4.    Subject to the Articles and all laws and regulations applicable to the Company:


            4.1.   the Company in general meeting may declare final dividends in any currency but no dividends
                   shall exceed the amount recommended by the Board; and


            4.2.   the Board may from time to time pay to the Shareholders such interim dividends as appear to
                   the Board to be justified by the profits of the Company.


      5.    The Dividend Policy and the declaration and/or payment of dividends under the Dividend Policy are
            subject to the Board’s continuing determination that the Dividend Policy and the declaration and/
            or payment of dividends would be in the best interests of the Group and Shareholders, and are in
            compliance with all laws and regulations applicable to the Group.


      6.    The Board endeavours to maintain a balance between meeting the Shareholders’ expectations and
            prudent capital management with a sustainable dividend policy.


      7.    The Board will continually review the Dividend Policy and reserves the right in its sole and absolute
            discretion to update, amend, modify and/or cancel the Dividend Policy at any time, and the Dividend
            Policy shall in no way constitute a legally binding commitment by the Company in respect of its future
            dividend and/or in no way obligate the Company to declare a dividend at any time or from time to time.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    081


                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




Audit Committee
The Audit Committee currently comprises three members, namely Mr. LAU Siu Ki, Professor WANG Yijiang and
Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max, all of them being independent non-executive Directors. Mr. LAU Siu Ki is the chairperson
of the Audit Committee.


The Audit Committee is governed by its terms of reference. The terms of reference are made available
on the Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website
(http://www.hkex.com.hk). Among others, it is responsible for making recommendations to the Board
on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor, reviewing and monitoring the
external auditor’s independence and objectivity and effectiveness of the audit process, reviewing the
financial information of the Company, as well as overseeing the Company’s financial reporting system, risk
management and internal control systems.


The Audit Committee usually meets to review the Company’s interim and annual results and the integrity of
the Group’s financial statements. In addition, to review and monitor the effectiveness of the audit process
in accordance with applicable standards, the Audit Committee will meet with the external auditor before
the annual audit commences to discuss the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations of the
Company. The Audit Committee held three meetings during the year of 2025.


The Audit Committee meetings are normally attended by the Company’s CFO. When meetings concern the
routine financial management and internal control, the head of the internal audit department and the head of
the risk management department of the Company also attend the meeting to report on the problems identified
during the internal audits (if any) and recommend methods to alleviate and solve the problems identified. The
external auditor is often present on discussion of the audit of financial results and audit planning.


The work performed by the Audit Committee during 2025 included consideration of the following matters:


•     the integrity, completeness and accuracy of the 2024 annual and 2025 interim financial statements
      and reports;


•     review of the Company’s compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements, developments in
      accounting standards and the effect on the Company;


•     review of the effectiveness of the systems of financial controls, internal audit function, internal control
      and risk management of the Group;


•     review of the financial reporting system of the Group;


•     review of the risk management and internal control reports of the Company;


•     review of the financial and accounting policies and practices of the Group;
082   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      •     review of the legal department structure of the Group;


      •     review of the audit fees payable to external auditor, the nature, scope and timetable of the audit for
            year 2025;


      •     review of the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and effectiveness of the audit process in
            accordance with applicable standards; and


      •     recommendations to the Board, for the approval by Shareholders, the reappointment of Messrs. Ernst
            & Young as the external auditor, which the Board agreed and accepted.


      The Audit Committee has been advised that it may seek independent professional advice at the expense of
      the Company wherever necessary. The Audit Committee is also supported by the staff of finance department,
      internal audit department, risk management department and the external auditor.


      The Audit Committee recommended to the Board, and the Board agreed and accepted, that subject to
      Shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming AGM, Messrs. Ernst & Young be re-appointed as the Company’s
      external auditor for 2026.


      Strategy Committee
      The Board established the Strategy Committee on 22 September 2017 with specific written terms of
      reference. The Board delegated responsibilities to the Strategy Committee for making certain decisions for
      the management of the Company. In accordance with their terms of reference, members of the Strategy
      Committee shall be appointed by the Board from amongst the executive Directors only.


      As at the date of this annual report, the Strategy Committee comprises three executive Directors, namely, Ms.
      DU Juan (chairperson), Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong and Mr. PENG Pan.


      For details of the Strategy Committee, please refer to the section “Delegation by the Board – Operation” of
      this Corporate Governance Report on page 66.


      The work completed by the Strategy Committee during 2025 included consideration of the following matters:


      •     approving any routine matters or matters concerning day-to-day operation of the Group;


      •     implementing the annual business plan, operating and capital expenditure budgets of the Company as
            approved by the Board; and


      •     implementing the strategic plans and long-term objectives as approved by the Board.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    083


                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




Corporate Governance Function
The work completed by the Board during 2025 as part of its corporate governance function included the
following:


•      reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;


•      reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
       management;


•      reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
       requirements;


•      reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable to employees and Directors; and


•      reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance
       Report.


ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
Financial Reporting
The Board aims to present a balanced, clear and understandable assessment in annual and interim reports,
inside information announcements and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules and other
regulatory requirements.


The Directors have acknowledged their responsibility for the preparation of the accounts for each financial
period which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flows for
that period.


The statement by the auditor of the Company regarding its reporting responsibilities on the financial
statements of the Group is set out in the “Independent Auditor’s Report” on pages 124 to 130.


The Directors, having made appropriate enquiries, consider that the Group has adequate resources to
continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and hence have decided that it is appropriate to
prepare the financial statements set out on pages 131 to 300 on a going concern basis. The Board is not
aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.
084   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      The basis on which the Company generates or preserves value over the longer term and the strategy for
      delivering its objectives are explained in the “Management Discussion and Analysis” set out on pages 25 to
      55 of this annual report.


      The management of the Company provides the Board with sufficient explanation and information, such as the
      Group’s major business activities and key financial information, to enable the Board to make an informed
      assessment of the financial information and position of the Company before approval.


      The management of the Company also provides all Directors with monthly updates giving them a balanced
      and understandable assessment of the Company’s performance, position and prospects in sufficient detail to
      enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties under Rule 3.08 and Chapter 13 of
      Listing Rules.


      Risk Management and Internal Controls
      The Board is responsible for overseeing the risk management and internal control systems of the Group on an
      ongoing basis. The Directors acknowledge their responsibility to establish, maintain and review from time to
      time the effectiveness of the Group’s system of risk management and internal controls. During the year, the
      Directors, through the Audit Committee, have reviewed the effectiveness of all material aspects of the risk
      management and internal control system of the Group, including the identification and monitoring of risks, the
      adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s
      accounting, internal audit, financial reporting function and those relating to the Company’s ESG performance
      and reporting, and covering all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls.


      The Company has adopted a set of risk management and internal control mechanisms and processes to
      identify, evaluate and properly manage significant risks, to safeguard the Group’s assets, to ensure proper
      maintenance of accounting records and reliability of financial reporting, and to ensure compliance with
      relevant legislation and regulations. Such mechanisms and processes included the review by the senior
      management of financial budgets, strategic plans and operational reports, who regularly reviews the Group’s
      internal operations, investigates complaints made internally following internal guidelines and implements
      disciplinary actions for non-compliance incidents accordingly. Certain executive Directors and senior
      management have been delegated with respective level of authorities and have specific responsibility for
      monitoring the performance of business operating units.


      The Company has assessed the risk profiles of different geographical locations in which the Group carries
      out its business and set different priorities and coverage for its internal control, risk management and
      internal audit work to be carried out in these locations, which enhances the cost-effectiveness of the Group’s
      internal control, risk management and internal audit work. The risk management and internal control systems
      are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve its business objectives, and
      can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Board
      acknowledges that it is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their
      effectiveness.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   085


                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




Each year, the Audit Committee reviews the findings made by the external auditor in respect of issues
encountered by them in preparation of the independent auditor’s report, which often cover issues relating to
internal control. The Audit Committee also reviews the internal control and risk management report submitted
by the Company’s internal audit department and risk management department. The Audit Committee then
reviews the actions performed or the plans to be carried out by the management in addressing the issues.
The issues identified and the corresponding remedial plans and recommendations (if any) are then submitted
to the Board for consideration.


The Company has established an internal audit and risk management function. The Company’s internal
audit department and risk management department independently review the effectiveness of the internal
controls and risk management, including financial, operational and compliance controls, in the key activities
of the Group’s business. In accordance with the approved review and audit mechanisms, the heads of the
Company’s internal audit department and risk management department report to the Audit Committee, and
submit regular reports for its review and monitors the effectiveness of the system of internal control and
risk management of the Group during the year. In case any material internal control defect is discovered, the
Board would require reports on the cause of and proposed solution for remedying the defect be submitted
by the internal audit department and risk management department and follow up with the defect until it is
resolved.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control and risk management
systems and is of the opinion that the resources for and qualifications of staff of the Company’s accounting
and financial reporting function are adequate and effective. Based on information furnished to them and on
their own observations, the Audit Committee and the Board are satisfied with the adequacy and effectiveness
of the internal control and risk management system of the Group.


The Company has procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information,
including strictly prohibiting unauthorised use of inside information and ensuring that communication of
sensitive information is made on a “need-to-know” basis only. The Group strives to identify inside information
and any information which may potentially constitute inside information at the earliest practicable opportunity,
which is then assessed and handed to the Board for decision on the need for disclosure. Further, relevant
employees of the Group are subject to black-out period prior to the release of the Company’s interim and
annual results. Inside information and other information which is required to be disclosed pursuant to the
Listing Rules and the SFO will be disclosed in accordance with all applicable requirements in due course.
Inside information would be kept strictly confidential until such disclosure.


In accordance with the requirements under the CG Code, the Company has consolidated, codified and adopted
a whistleblowing policy and an anti-corruption policy in 2022, so as to promote and support anti-corruption
laws and regulations and to encourage employees and those who deal with the Company to raise concerns
about possible improprieties in any matter related to the Company. Both policies are made available on the
Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com).
086   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      Connected Transactions
      The Company is committed to ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements under the Listing Rules,
      applicable laws and regulations in handling connected transactions. Accordingly, the Company implemented
      various internal control mechanisms to identify and monitor connected transactions to ensure that connected
      transactions are conducted under normal commercial terms or on terms that are fair and reasonable and
      properly disclosed and (if necessary) approved by the independent Shareholders in accordance with the Listing
      Rules. The relevant connected persons to which the respective connected transactions relate will be required
      to abstain from voting in the relevant general meetings. Details of the connected transactions of the Company
      during the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the Report of the Directors in this annual report.


      Senior Management’s Remuneration
      For the year ended 31 December 2025, senior management of the Company comprises 2 individuals. The
      senior management’s remuneration during the year ended 31 December 2025 falls within the following bands:


      Remuneration (per annum) (Note)                                                                  Number of Individuals

      HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                                                            1
      HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                                                            1

      Note:   The remuneration included salaries, allowances, benefits in kind, discretionary performance related bonuses, long-
              term incentives and pension scheme contributions.


      Auditor’s Remuneration
      For the year under review, the remuneration for services provided by the auditor is roughly as follows:


      Statutory audit services of the Group                                                                   HK$11,512,000
      Statutory audit services of certain subsidiaries of the Company                                          HK$4,004,000
      Non-audit services (which mainly include taxation compliance, agreed upon
        procedures and advisory services)                                                                      HK$7,380,000
      Non-audit services in respect of reviewing continuing connected transactions                               HK$480,000

      COMPANY SECRETARY
      The position of joint company secretaries of the Company is held by Mr. CHEN Ming and Ms. CHOY Fung Yee
      (a practising solicitor of Hong Kong who is not an employee of the Company). Mr. PENG Pan, an executive
      Director and CFO of the Company, is the primary corporate contact person with Ms. CHOY Fung Yee.
      Information in relation to the performance, financial position and other major developments and affairs of the
      Group (including but not limited to the monthly management report to the Board) is speedily delivered to Ms.
      CHOY Fung Yee through the contact person assigned. The joint company secretaries are responsible to the
      Board and report to the chairperson of the Board from time to time. All Directors have access to the advice
      and services of the joint company secretaries to ensure that Board procedures, and all applicable laws, rules
      and regulations are followed.

      Each of Mr. CHEN Ming and Ms. CHOY Fung Yee is required to take no less than 15 hours of relevant
      professional training during the year 2025. Each of them has fulfilled the requirement during the year under
      review.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   087


                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




INVESTOR RELATIONS PROGRAMMES
During 2025, more than 400 physical or virtual meetings were held by the Company with institutional
investors and analysts in Hong Kong, Chinese mainland, and overseas, through investor relations activities
such as small group/one-on-one meetings, non-deal roadshows, analyst briefings and investor conferences.


Communication with Shareholders and Procedures for Putting Forward
Proposals at General Meetings
The Company has formulated and adopted a shareholders’ communication policy (as amended from time to
time) to ensure the Shareholders are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced information
about the activities of the Company in order to enable Shareholders to exercise their rights and to engage
with the Company in an informed manner. The Board has taken appropriate steps to provide effective
communication with Shareholders.


All published corporate information, including all the statutory announcements, annual and interim
reports, corporate presentation and press releases, is promptly posted on the Company’s website at
http://electronics.tcl.com. Shareholders may raise enquiries, suggestions or their views on the Company
to the Board or management of the Company by sending an email to hk.ir@tcl.com, which will be promptly
handled and directed by the Company’s dedicated investor relations team. The investor relations team takes
a proactive approach to communicate with existing and potential investors, Shareholders and stakeholders
in a timely manner by various means including holding regular face-to-face meetings and conference calls
in order to solicit and understand their views. Shareholders can also send proposals to be put forward at
Shareholders’ meetings to the Board or senior management by contacting the investor relations team by
sending an e-mail to hk.ir@tcl.com, or directly through the questions and answers session at Shareholders’
meetings or and results presentation. Shareholders who wish to move a resolution may also request the
Company to convene a general meeting following the procedures set out in the section headed “Shareholders’
Rights to Convene an EGM” in this annual report.


The general meetings and results presentation of the Company provide the best opportunity for communication
between the Board and the Shareholders. The Company complies with the required notice periods for general
meetings under the applicable laws, rules and regulations.


The chairperson of the Board and the respective chairperson of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination
Committee and the Audit Committee or, in their absence, other members of the respective committees and,
where applicable, the independent board committee, are available to answer questions at the Shareholders’
meetings.


The external auditor of the Company, Messrs. Ernst & Young, also attends the AGM to answer questions
about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the independent auditor’s report, the
accounting policies and auditor independence (if any).
088   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Corporate Governance Report




      The Board has reviewed its prevailing shareholders’ communication policy during the year, and believes that,
      in light of the multiple channels of communication and engagement in place as stated above, the current
      shareholders’ communication policy of the Company has been properly implemented during 2025 and is
      effective.


      Voting by Poll
      The Company states in each relevant corporate communication that the Shareholders shall vote by poll so as
      to allow the Shareholders to have one vote for every Share held. The chairperson of the meeting would explain
      the voting procedures and answer any questions from the Shareholders regarding voting by poll in the general
      meetings. The poll voting results of the general meetings would be published on the websites of the Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange and the Company respectively on the same day when the general meetings are held.


      Shareholders’ Rights to Convene an EGM
      Under article 72 of the Articles, general meetings shall also be convened on the written requisition of any
      one or more members of the Company holding together, as at the date of deposit of the requisition, shares
      representing not less than one-tenth of the voting rights, on a one vote per share basis, in the issued share
      capital of the Company. The written requisition shall be deposited at the principal office of the Company in
      Hong Kong or, in the event the Company ceases to have such a principal office, the registered office of the
      Company, specifying the objects of the meeting and the resolutions to be added to the meeting agenda,
      and signed by the requisitionist(s). If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene
      such meeting the requisitionist(s) himself/herself/themselves may do so in the same manner, provided that
      any meeting so convened must be a physical meeting at only one location and shall not be held after the
      expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition, and all reasonable expenses incurred
      by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by
      the Company.


      Constitutional Documents
      There was no change to the Company’s constitutional documents in 2025.


      Conclusion
      Going forward, the Company will continue to work diligently to maintain the highest level of corporate
      transparency possible. Relevant corporate information including annual and interim reports, statutory
      announcements, corporate presentation and press releases, is disclosed in a timely manner and is available
      on the Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com). Enquiries can also be sent to the Board or senior
      management by contacting the investor relations team via e-mail to hk.ir@tcl.com, or directly through the
      questions and answers session at Shareholders’ meetings or press conference.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    089


                                                 Human Resources and Social Responsibility




HUMAN RESOURCES
In 2025, the Group carried out a series of human resource management initiatives on the basis of the
working theme of “Lead with Brand Value, Deepen Global Operations, Drive with Technology, Thrive on Global
Vitality” to foster the growth of employees, which provided direct and effective support to the Group’s strategy
and performance.


1.    Basic Profile of Human Resources
As at 31 December 2025, the total number of employees was 37,859, with a male to female gender ratio of
6:4. The distribution was as follows:


By geographical region as at 31 December 2025:
Chinese mainland                                                                                         27,194
Regions other than Chinese mainland                                                                      10,665


2.    Major Accomplishments in Human Resources
In order to support the development strategy of the Group, we continuously endeavoured to optimise our
talent structure and increase the efficiency of our talents on the basis of the theme of “Lead with Brand
Value, Deepen Global Operations, Drive with Technology, Thrive on Global Vitality”, with a series of proactive
measures adopted as follows to strengthen areas including appraisals and incentives, and recruitment,
nurturing and development of talents:


In respect of appraisal and incentives, the Group continued to optimise and improve its performance
management, remuneration and incentive systems in 2025. Through the establishment of a fair, transparent,
reasonable and effective appraisal mechanism, the Group was able to enhance the motivation and creativity
of our employees, and achieve business objectives and sustainable development of the Group. Through
targeted bonus schemes for business lines, the integration of frontline and back-office support was further
strengthened based on the principles of profit sharing arising from value creating and more rewards for
more work. In respect of long-term incentives, the Group has formulated and implemented a long-term profit-
sharing scheme and share incentive scheme for senior management and key personnel, and strengthened the
principles of shared responsibility and profit-sharing, as well as the retention of and motivation of outstanding
core talents.


In 2025, the Group continued to optimise its performance management system and process so as to deliver
more impartial and scientific appraisal results, which serves as a strong safeguard for employees’ career
growth and corporate development.
090   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Human Resources and Social Responsibility




      In respect of talent recruitment, the Group acted on its strategic business plan and the philosophy of People
      First for Global Leadership. The Group closely followed business development needs, actively formulated
      scientific and efficient talent recruitment tactics and approach, precisely targeting top talents in key fields. A
      total of 1,757 talents were recruited in 2025, including 414 through campus recruitment, accounting for 23.6%.


      In respect of talent development and cultivation, the Group actively carried out talent reviews, enhanced the
      application of the review results, and promoted the development of talent pools for back-office functions. By
      inviting overseas high-potential talents to study and work in China, continuously promoting the rotation of
      high-potential talents and rapidly building an accreditation system for key position qualifications, the Group
      has laid out a clearer career path for our staff, activated organisational talent, and endeavoured to align the
      new talent structure with the Group’s strategy, so as to contribute to the Group’s high-quality development.


      TCL Electronics is committed to building a sustainable talent development ecosystem. By comprehensively
      empowering employee growth through a systematic and tiered training system, the Group aims to inject long-
      lasting momentum into the high-quality development of the enterprise.


      At the level of management team, the Group has carried out through special programmes such as “Relative
      Competitiveness Practical Training” and “High-Quality Development Lecture Hall”, covering nearly 5,000
      person-times. These initiatives continuously reinforced the management team’s operational mindset and
      international perspective. In terms of reserve talents, the “Talent Pools” project was steadily advanced,
      effectively preparing more talents for key positions. Geared towards international development, the Group
      focused on core overseas positions. Relying on programmes such as the “Country-Level Manager Practical
      Training Camp” and “Eagle Plan”, the Group promoted the two-way integration of talent, ensured talent supply
      for key markets, and built an international talent pool with a global vision.


      The Group attaches great importance to the systematic cultivation of young talents. Through dedicated growth
      programmes, we developed clear career development paths for new employees recruited from campuses,
      facilitating the rapid growth of the youth workforce. Meanwhile, keeping pace with AI technology trends, TCL
      Electronics actively promoted the enhancement of AI literacy for all employees. By systematically organising
      thematic learning on AI and compliance, the Group empowered employees to keep up with the times, injecting
      continuous knowledge momentum into sustainable development.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   091


                                                 Human Resources and Social Responsibility




SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
During the past year, the Group continued to attach great importance to its social responsibility, and
contributed to society with concrete actions including actively organising and participating in educational
support, charity and school-enterprise cooperation activities.


1.    Charitable Funds
1.1 Shenzhen TCL Foundation
      The Shenzhen TCL Foundation (“TCL Foundation”) was formally founded in June 2012, and was rated
      an AAAAA-grade social organisation of Shenzhen in 2025. TCL Foundation focuses on four major areas,
      namely technology, education, culture and sports, and directed support. Drawing on leading technology,
      TCL Foundation explored the integration of technology and charity, mobilised high-quality education
      resources to pave the way for the growth of the young, promoted the spirit of innovation in culture and
      sports for the dissemination of the value of charity, and sustained directed support initiatives to assist
      in developing a fair and harmonious society.


      Leveraging on the power of technology, the TCL Foundation promoted the sharing of educational
      resources and information-based education by making donations to TCL smart classrooms in urban and
      rural areas, which are equipped with TCL smart blackboards, education tablets, eye protecting lights,
      air-conditioners and other TCL smart education devices and software. Bolstered by a new generation
      of information technology, the smart classrooms broke down the physical boundaries and space of
      conventional schools by building an immersive and intelligent teaching and learning environment,
      creating a classroom dedicated to realising the true meaning of “attending the same lesson”, and
      achieving the sharing of educational resources. The smart classrooms have been put into use in
      five schools in provinces such as Guangdong and Guangxi, benefitting over 7,700 students. The TCL
      Photovoltaic Low-Carbon Campus Project promoted energy transition to empower green development
      and facilitate the sustainable development of education. The project has donated 35 photovoltaic low-
      carbon campuses in rural and urban areas across China, with a total installed capacity of 2,055 KW
      which could provide 61.91 million kWh of green power during their life cycles, equivalent to saving
      approximately 20,109 tonnes of standard coal, reducing approximately 49,877 tonnes of carbon dioxide
      emissions, and planting 2.76 million trees. The Home A.I. programme utilised AI technology to develop
      and design the Eagle Story-Telling Machine, enabling children to experience joyful growth by the use
      of AI technology. The project has distributed 393 sets of Eagle Story-Telling Machines to children left
      behind in rural areas or with no fixed place of abode. The “Eagle Story Club”, an extended programme
      of the project, was put into pilot use at 88 rural schools across 21 provinces in China, benefitting
      more than 27,000 people. The Eagle Listening WeChat mini programme, which is developed by TCL
      Foundation and empowered by AI technology, is able to customise parents’ voices and equipped with
      story-telling and music playing functions, telling stories to children who are in need of companionship,
      thereby enhancing their sense of well-being and strengthening the bond between parents and children.
092   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Human Resources and Social Responsibility




            The TCL University Donation System consists of TCL Science and Technology Innovation Fund, TCL
            Young Scholar Programme and Huameng Scholarship, providing fund to scientific research projects
            at the top, followed by young scholars, and the largest group being university students, forming a
            “pyramid” shaped structure. Such system has covered 8 renowned universities in China and supported
            higher education institutions for the cultivation of more talents in technological innovation for society.
            TCL Foundation and Southern University of Science and Technology (SUST) jointly launched the SUST-
            TCL Grand Lecture on Innovation and Entrepreneurship, which is aimed to become an influential
            platform for innovation and entrepreneurship exchanges in the Greater Bay Area and even across China,
            contributing to the nurturing of young scientific and technological talents. To date, the programme has
            invited experts and scholars including ZHANG Weiying, JIN Li and NING Gaoning to hold 55 feature
            lectures. Soon after its establishment, TCL Foundation set up the TCL Hope Project Candlelight Award
            Programme, a charitable project for teachers in village schools. Since the implementation of the
            programme in 2013, it has been held for 10 years with applicants from 500 counties in 23 provinces
            across China, and over 3,800 outstanding teachers from over 3,000 rural schools were awarded, with a
            total investment of over RMB47 million. In order to support the educational development in Shenzhen,
            TCL Foundation has set up primary and secondary education donation programmes in Shenzhen Middle
            School, Nanshan Innovation School under Shenzhen Middle School and Shenzhen Nanshan District
            Second Foreign Language School (Group), rewarding students with outstanding character and academic
            performance and demonstrating an all-rounded development, as well as teachers with professional
            ethics and dedication to education.


            The TCL Foundation organised a total of eight TCL Art Charity Concerts in 2025, spreading love and
            sincerity through music and benefitting more than 2,400 person-times. The charity creativity contest
            for TCL staff was held for the fourth time to spread the charity culture. In the contest, a total of 66
            charitable programmes were planned and run, benefitting over 200,000 people. The “Little Musician+”
            programme focused on the artistic development of children and the Xiaoxue Music Box was rolled
            out. Its extended programme, Xiaoxue Music Lesson, has been put into pilot use in 89 rural schools
            across 19 provinces in China, and has distributed 430 Xiaoxue Music Boxes to over 24,700 students.
            TCL Foundation has constantly provided directed support to those in need and has been committed to
            targeted poverty alleviation, rural revitalisation, environmental development and education assistance,
            making active contribution to building a fair and harmonious society.


            In 2025, the expenditure on charity undertakings of TCL Foundation amounted to approximately
            RMB61.85 million. The TCL Foundation is ready to collaborate with more organisations in the future to
            promote the development of charity cause and social progress.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    093


                                              Human Resources and Social Responsibility




1.3 TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund
    The Group is dedicated to building a mutual aid platform internally for caring for our employees,
    alleviating poverty and relieving distress of employees. To boost the team spirit of “Assistance for
    Those in Need, Mutual Help and Dedication with Love”, the spirit of humanity and the corporate culture
    of people-orientation among the employees, TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund, with the donation and
    support from Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter (who retired as an independent non-executive Director
    in June 2025) and others, was set up. Established in August 2012, TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund
    is an organisation managed by employees under the Group’s Union Association and is dedicated to
    assisting employees or families suffering from serious illness or major disasters. Since its founding,
    TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund has been rendering assistance to employees. In 2025, assistance was
    provided to a number of employees.


    TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund also fulfilled its corporate social responsibility by supporting the
    education and development of underprivileged university students from impoverished families through
    the “First Generation University Student” campaign for 12 consecutive years, contributing RMB200,000
    in 2025 and a total of approximately RMB1,920,000 as at 31 December 2025. The TCL-TV laboratory
    jointly planned and designed by the Group and Shenzhen Shekou Yucai Education Group (“Yucai Group”)
    was unveiled and put into use in 2020, and a sponsoring amount of approximately RMB200,000 went
    to Yucai Group for sports facilities and activities in 2025. More such activities will be held in the
    future, while more new charitable projects will also be launched to support more children to receive
    quality education. In 2025, in order to expand the coverage of TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund, public
    welfare activities such as donating books, caring for exceptional children, caring for the blind, caring
    for the solitary elderly, protecting the environment, street cleaning, voluntary blood donation and other
    activities were organised, which cumulatively subsidised more than 500 individuals from special need
    groups, more than 500 people living in impoverished mountainous area, and helped more than 100
    impoverished students. The total investment in 2025 was approximately RMB667,000.
094   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Human Resources and Social Responsibility




      2.    School-Enterprise Cooperation
            TCL Electronics has always regarded campus recruitment as an important channel for discovering
            global outstanding talents, actively attracting top young talents from campuses around the world. To
            better build a university-enterprise talent ecosystem, TCL Electronics continuously deepens cooperation
            with universities such as South China University of Technology, the University of Hong Kong, Central
            South University, Hunan University, Wuhan University, Huazhong University of Science and Technology
            and Harbin Institute of Technology, actively exploring more diversified forms of university-enterprise
            cooperation. The Group actively constructs a new model of university-enterprise cooperation that is
            student-centric, employment-oriented, and aligned with development. By establishing talent highlands in
            universities and deepening university-level cooperation, the Group is carrying out targeted college-level
            cooperation across multiple dimensions. During the year, the “TCL Electronics Global University Talent
            Open Day” attracted over 50 top students from various countries to visit TCL Electronics and engage in
            in-depth corporate tours and exchanges with senior management. This initiative realised more efficient
            empowerment and talent pipelines for employment, steadily elevating the level of university-enterprise
            cooperation. By connecting with top universities globally, the Group is gradually establishing talent
            pipelines from overseas institutions and exploring university-enterprise relationships. TCL Electronics
            remains committed to sharing its corporate development story on campuses worldwide, disseminating
            latest corporate updates, and empowering university students to enhance their employability.


      3.    Environmental Protection
            The Group strives to achieve environmental sustainability and incorporates its philosophy of corporate
            social responsibility into daily operations. The Group operates its in-house manufacturing facilities in
            compliance with all applicable local environmental regulations.


            The Group calls for protecting the environment and implements a fine-tuned strategy to shoulder its
            environmental, social, and ethical responsibility and improve corporate governance in order to create
            greater value for all of the Group’s stakeholders including Shareholders, customers, employees, as well
            as the communities where it operates. Furthermore, the Group remains steadfast in its commitment to
            upholding a responsible approach toward its employees, customers and the environment. Throughout
            the product manufacturing process from sourcing raw materials to delivering finished goods, we
            meticulously regulate and oversee toxic and hazardous substances, which are prohibited throughout
            the manufacturing process from production packaging, distribution and marketing so as to prevent any
            matter that is harmful to the health of employees and consumer safety, damages natural environment
            or may lead to other serious consequences.


            The ESG Report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 prepared in accordance with
            Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules will be published separately pursuant to the requirements under
            Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    095


                                                                              Report of the Directors




The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the
year ended 31 December 2025.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Group is mainly engaged in display business, innovative business and internet business as disclosed
in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis”. The principal activity of the Company is
investment holding. Details of the principal activities of the principal subsidiaries of the Company are set out
in note 1 to the financial statements. There was no significant change in the nature of the Group’s principal
activities during the year ended 31 December 2025.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 and the state of affairs of the Company and the
Group as at that date are set out in the financial statements on pages 131 to 300.


The Board has proposed a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025 of HK49.80 cents in cash per
share (31 December 2024: HK31.80 cents) out of the share premium account of the Company.


Subject to (i) Shareholders' approval at the forthcoming AGM to be held on 22 June 2026, Monday, and (ii)
the Directors being satisfied that there are no reasonable grounds for believing that the Company is, and
immediately after the final dividends are paid, will be unable to pay its liabilities as they become due in the
ordinary course of business, the said final dividend will be payable on or about 30 July 2026, Thursday to
Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company at the close of business on
26 June 2026, Friday.


FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the published results, assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the
last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated/reclassified as
appropriate, is set out on page 301. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.


RECORD DATE AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
To ascertain the entitlements to attend and vote at the forthcoming AGM, members of the Company must
lodge the relevant transfer document(s) and share certificate(s) at the Company’s Hong Kong branch share
registrar and transfer office, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt
Road, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 15 June 2026, Monday for registration. Members of the
Company whose names are recorded in the register of members of the Company at the close of business on
15 June 2026, Monday are entitled to attend and vote at the forthcoming AGM.
096   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      The record date for determining the entitlements of the Shareholders to the proposed final dividend is 26 June
      2026, Friday. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of Shares accompanied by the
      relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar and transfer
      office, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, no
      later than 4:30 p.m. on 25 June 2026, Thursday. The Hong Kong register of members of the Company will be
      closed on 26 June 2026, Friday, during which no transfer of Shares may be registered.


      BUSINESS REVIEW
      The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out in the section headed
      “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 25 to 55 of this annual report. Discussions on non-financial
      performance including the Group’s human resources management, the key relationships with its employees,
      social responsibility, and environmental policies and performance are disclosed in the section headed “Human
      Resources and Social Responsibility” of this annual report. Those discussions form part of this Report of
      the Directors. Key relationships with customers and suppliers are disclosed in the section headed “Major
      Customers and Suppliers” in this Report of the Directors. Further discussion and analysis of these activities
      as required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, including a review of the business of the
      Group, discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance during the year and the material factors underlying
      its results and financial position, particulars of important events affecting the Group that have occurred
      since 1 January 2026 and up to the date of this annual report, and an indication of the outlook and future
      development of the business of the Group, are set out under the sections headed “Chairperson’s Statement”
      and “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. Those discussions also form part of this
      Report of the Directors.


      COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
      In the face of complex and changing internal and external environments and risks, the Group strictly complies
      with the requirements of various laws and regulations, continuously improves the governance structure,
      enhances the operation standards, improves the internal control system, and effectively prevents and controls
      various risks with an aim to ensure the sustainable, stable, and sound development of the Group.


      As at 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report, the Board was not aware of any non-
      compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that had a significant impact on the Company.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    097


                                                                              Report of the Directors




SIGNIFICANT RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
Some significant risks and uncertainties affecting the Group are outlined below. They are not exhaustive and
there may be other additional risks and uncertainties which are now unknown or immaterial to the Group but
could become material in future.


Market Environment
In 2025, the global economy maintained resilient growth amid a volatile trade environment, with emerging
economies leading in growth rates. The global TV industry saw stable demand with further improvement in
brand concentration, while the importance of consumers’ emotional value and entertainment experience
became particularly prominent, with smart, mid-to-high-end and large-screen products being highly favoured.
According to Omdia, global TV shipment in 2025 reached approximately 209 million sets, of which shipment
of large-screen TVs of 65 inches and above recorded a year-on-year increase of 5.3% and the global
penetration rate of Mini LED TV shipment doubled year-on-year, significantly increasing to 6.1%. Meanwhile,
generative AI technology experienced explosive development in 2025, with computing power, algorithms and
devices undergoing coordinated upgrades, driving the rapid proliferation of capabilities such as multimodal
interaction, content generation and smart assistants, and became the core engine for digital economy and
smart hardware upgrades. In terms of consumer-grade clean energy, the global photovoltaic industry continued
to maintain strong growth in 2025. According to International Energy Agency, the global cumulative installed
photovoltaic capacity exceeded 2,800GW as at the end of 2025, with photovoltaic power generation’s position
in the global energy mix becoming increasingly consolidated. As the world’s largest photovoltaic market, the
PRC continued to lead industry development in 2025. According to official data from the National Energy
Administration of the PRC, the PRC’s newly grid-connected photovoltaic capacity reached 317GW in 2025, of
which distributed photovoltaics accounted for 153GW, representing nearly half of the total and demonstrating
the enormous potential of distributed photovoltaics in the PRC market.


The Group continues to uphold the business philosophy of “Strategy Guidance, Innovation Drive, Advanced
Manufacturing and Global Operation”, centred around two core directions of enhancing profitability in the core
business and expanding global scale in new business segments, with AI innovation and digital intelligence
empowerment as key drivers, synergistically advancing Globalisation 3.0, brand upgrade and ESG strategy,
adhering to long-term operational objectives, pursuing high-quality growth, and striving to achieve high-quality
sustainable development.
098   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      Raw Materials
      Panels are important raw materials for the Group’s TVs and mobile communication products and hence the
      Group’s business is dependent on their availability and price.


      To better control the risk, the Company maintains good relationships with its suppliers (as more specifically
      discussed in the section headed “Major Customers and Suppliers” below in this Report of the Directors).
      Further, the Group has been pursuing and will continue to pursue synergies with multiple industries of TCL
      Industries Holdings Group and TCL Technology Group and leverage the advantages of an integrated industrial
      chain through the long-term relationship with CSOT (which is a major panel supplier in the PRC) to capitalise
      on opportunities arising from the revolution of the industry and to establish an eco-system enterprise based
      on display business. In addition, while consolidating and expanding our existing display business, we will
      actively diversify our business to develop all-category marketing, photovoltaic and internet businesses through
      investments, mergers and acquisitions, and restructuring to explore new business growth opportunities.
      Further discussion in this aspect has been set out under the sections headed “Chairperson’s Statement” and
      “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report.


      Technological Development
      The market is rapidly evolving and subject to continuous technological development. The Group’s success will
      depend on its ability to keep up with the changes in technology. If the Group fails to adapt its products and
      services to such changes in an effective and timely manner, it could adversely affect its business, financial
      condition, and results of operations.


      Therefore, the Group will maintain high R&D investment, attach great importance to product innovation and
      continue adjusting the product mix to develop high-end display technologies such as Mini LED, QLED, and 8K.
      At the same time, the Group will plan ahead in the field of intelligent interaction, vigorously explore cutting-
      edge technologies such as AI, internet-based big data, 5G, and intelligent manufacturing, and further enhance
      the core technology competitiveness of the Group.


      Policy Regulatory Risks
      Despite the continuous expansion of the Group’s business in the PRC and abroad, multiple factors such as
      evolving international trade policies, increasingly stringent regulatory environments in various countries, and
      changing international political situations have exposed the Group to more severe trade, compliance, and
      political risks (including geopolitical risks), mainly manifested as trade policy risks, export and sanctions
      compliance risks, supply chain compliance risks, anti-bribery risks, privacy protection, cyber security and other
      compliance risks, as well as risks associated with political uncertainty.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    099


                                                                              Report of the Directors




The Group has always been committed to strictly complying with applicable laws and regulations, establishing
relevant management units and departments to research and analyse laws, regulations and market rules, and
setting up key compliance management systems within the Group. A wide range of compliance management
and control methods such as emphasis from the management, construction of organisational structure,
publication of policies, built-in processes, training and publicity, inspection and auditing are in place to
manage and control related risks in a systematic manner. On the one hand, the Group will actively follow
the updates in relevant laws, regulations and policies, broaden and strengthen the existing compliance
management system through political risk prevention and early warning to improve crisis response capabilities.
On the other hand, the strength of global layout will be fully leveraged and production capacity layout and
supply chain system will be optimised to mitigate the negative impact of policy regulatory risks on the Group’s
business.


Financial Risks
Further discussions on the financial risks, including interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk and
liquidity risk, that would affect the business operations of the Group, the potential financial impact, and
measures taken to manage those risks are disclosed in note 49 to the financial statements.


PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note
13 to the financial statements.


SHARE CAPITAL, SHARE OPTIONS AND SHARE AWARDS
Details of movements in the Company’s share capital (including issue of Shares), share options, and share
awards during the year, together with the reasons thereof are set out in notes 37 and 38 to the financial
statements.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or Cayman Law which would oblige the Company
to offer new Shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.


PURCHASE, REDEMPTION, OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF
THE COMPANY
There was no purchase, redemption or sale by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of the listed securities
(including sale of treasury shares) of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2025.


As at 31 December 2025, the Company did not hold any Shares in treasury.
100   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      RESERVES
      Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year are set out in note 50 to
      the financial statements and the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively.


      DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
      As at 31 December 2025, the Company had an aggregate of HK$2,901,770,000 standing to the credit of
      its share premium account and HK$738,936,000 standing to the credit of its capital reserve account. As
      the aforesaid capital reserve represents a premium arising from the issue of Shares, the entire amount of
      HK$738,936,000 standing to the credit of the capital reserve account of the Company will be transferred to
      the share premium account in compliance with the Articles and Cayman Law. Subject to compliance with the
      applicable requirements under Cayman Law, the share premium may be applied for payment of dividend by the
      Company. After the transfer of the capital reserve as aforesaid, the amount which can be utilised for payment
      of dividend by the Company out of its share premium account would be HK$3,640,706,000.


      CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS
      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group made charitable contributions totaling approximately
      HK$19,666,000.


      MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
      The percentages of purchases and sales for the year attributable to the Group’s major suppliers and
      customers are as follows:


      Purchases


      – the largest supplier                                                                                  17%
      – the five largest suppliers combined                                                                   32%


      Sales


      – the largest customer                                                                                    8%
      – the five largest customers combined                                                                   24%


      The Group recognises that maintaining good and stable relationship with suppliers, customers, and business
      partners is key to the sustainable development of the Group. The Group also endeavours to maintain reliable
      business relationships with its major suppliers and customers which have been cooperating with the Group for
      a long time.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   101


                                                                                Report of the Directors




Major Customers
The Group’s major customers are all from the consumer electronics industry, which is characterised by its
cycle of integration and intensified competition. Any loss of or changes in market position of any of these
customers may materially and adversely affect the business, financial conditions, and operating results of the
Group. In light of this, the Group adopts the following strategies to reduce the risk from reliance on one single
customer. On the one hand, the Group strengthens the relationship with its existing customers, which have
made relatively stable contributions to the revenue of the Group. On the other hand, the Group endeavours
to expand its business and acquire new customers by improving its product mix and integrating its industry
chain. Further discussion in this aspect has been set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and
Analysis” of this annual report.


The Group’s credit terms with its customers including credit period are disclosed in note 22 to the financial
statements. Each customer has a credit limit depending on its size and credibility. The Group also maintains
credit insurance for trade receivables from customers.


Major Suppliers
There are numerous suppliers providing materials required for the Group’s production and other business
operations. The Group adopts multiple sourcing policies and strategic inventory management to ensure
sufficient supply of materials for production.


The Group has fully capitalised on its robust brand influence and channel advantages to proactively expand its
global layout and accelerate the distribution of smart all-category products to international markets through
purchasing air conditioners, refrigerators, and washing machines from TCL Industries Holdings Group. We
also take advantage of the online channel of TCL Industries Holdings Group in the PRC to enhance its overall
distribution scale. Thus, two of the five largest suppliers and one of the five largest customers of the Group
are subsidiaries of TCL Industries Holdings.


Notwithstanding the respective interests and/or roles of certain Directors in TCL Industries Holdings,
specifically as at 31 December 2025, (i) Ms. DU Juan was also a director and the CEO of TCL Industries
Holdings; (ii) Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong was also a director and senior vice president of TCL Industries Holdings;
(iii) Mr. PENG Pan was also the CFO of TCL Industries Holdings; (iv) Mr. SUN Li was also the CTO of TCL
Industries Holdings; and (v) each of Ms. DU Juan, Mr. PENG Pan and Mr. SUN Li also held positions as
directors or senior management in certain subsidiaries and/or associates of TCL Industries Holdings, as
their respective direct or indirect interests in TCL Industries Holdings were insignificant, none of them was
considered as having a material interest in those subsidiaries of TCL Industries Holdings.


Save as aforesaid, none of the Directors, their close associates or Shareholders (which, to the best
knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued Shares) had any interest in the
Group’s five largest customers or five largest suppliers.
102   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      DIRECTORS
      The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report were:


      Executive Directors:
      Ms. DU Juan
      Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong
      Mr. PENG Pan
      Mr. SUN Li


      Independent Non-executive Directors:
      Professor WANG Yijiang
      Mr. LAU Siu Ki
      Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max (appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 6 June 2025)
      Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter (retired as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 6 June 2025)


      The Company has received from each of its independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of
      his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all the independent non-executive
      Directors to be independent.


      In accordance with Article 116 of the Articles, at each AGM, not less than one-third of the Directors for
      the time being shall retire from office by rotation and, under the corporate governance code adopted by
      the Company, every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement
      by rotation at least once every three years. In accordance with Article 99(a) of the Articles, any Director
      appointed by the Board whether to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall hold office only
      until the first AGM after his appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election at that meeting. All retiring
      Directors shall be eligible for re-election. Accordingly, Ms. DU Juan, Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong and Mr. HUI Chi Kin
      Max shall retire from office at the conclusion of the forthcoming AGM. Ms. DU Juan, Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong and
      Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.


      REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, AND
      THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      Particulars of the remuneration of the Directors, senior management, and the five highest paid employees
      (including senior management) during the financial year are set out in notes 8 and 9 to the financial
      statements, respectively.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     103


                                                                                Report of the Directors




EMOLUMENT POLICY AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVE SCHEMES
Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report contained on pages 56 to 88 of this annual report for
the Group’s emolument policy and long-term incentive schemes together with the basis for determining the
remuneration payable to the Directors.


PENSION SCHEMES
Particulars of the Group’s pension schemes are set out in note 2.4 to the financial statements.


DIRECTORS’ BIOGRAPHIES
Biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 16 to 24 of this annual report.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with the Company which
is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
compensation.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the year ended 31 December 2025, none of the Directors is interested in any business apart from the
Group’s business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the
Group.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENT
AND CONTRACTS
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” in this Report of the Directors, none of the
Directors or their connected entities had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions,
arrangements or contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of its
subsidiaries, holding companies, or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the year ended 31 December 2025.


CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER’S INTERESTS IN SIGNIFICANT
CONTRACTS
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” in this Report of the Directors, no contract
of significance was entered into among the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the controlling shareholder
of the Company (as defined under the Listing Rules) or any of its subsidiaries during the year ended 31
December 2025.
104   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND
      SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES, AND
      DEBENTURES
      As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the
      Company in the Shares, underlying Shares, and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
      (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
      pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
      Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


      Interests in the Company – Long Positions
                                                          Number of ordinary Shares                            Approximate
                                                          interested or deemed to be                          percentage of
                                                                  interested                                    the number
                                                              Personal             Other                          of issued
       Name of Directors            Capacity                 interests          interests            Total           Shares
                                                                                 (Note 1)                          (Note 2)


       Directors
       DU Juan                      Beneficial owner        1,817,324          2,276,200       4,093,524             0.16%
       ZHANG Shaoyong               Beneficial owner        3,254,261          1,817,500       5,071,761             0.20%
       PENG Pan                     Beneficial owner          453,249          1,817,500       2,270,749             0.09%
       SUN Li                       Beneficial owner        1,796,668          1,817,500       3,614,168             0.14%
       WANG Yijiang                 Beneficial owner           44,312                  –          44,312            0.002%
       LAU Siu Ki                   Beneficial owner          164,637                  –         164,637             0.01%

      Notes:


      1.       These interests are Awarded Shares that have been granted to the relevant Directors under the 2023 Share Award
               Scheme and were not vested as at 31 December 2025.


      2.       The percentages are calculated based on the number of issued Shares as at 31 December 2025, i.e.
               2,520,935,155 Shares.


      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors had registered an interest or short
      position in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations
      that was required to be recorded pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company
      and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.
                                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025         105


                                                                                       Report of the Directors




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS'
INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the persons, other than a Director or chief
executive of the Company, in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register of
interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:


Long position in Shares
                                                                                                          Percentage of
                                                                                           Number of      the number of
 Shareholder                            Capacity                                          Shares held     issued Shares
                                                                                                                 (Note 1)


 TCL Industries Holdings                Interest of controlled corporation           1,374,938,618                54.54%
     (Note 2)                                                                                (Note 3)

Notes:


1.       The percentage in respect of the interest of the relevant substantial Shareholder was calculated based on the
         number of Shares and underlying Shares in which such substantial Shareholder was interested as notified to the
         Company and disclosed on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange against the number of issued Shares as
         at 31 December 2025, being 2,520,935,155 Shares in issue.


2.       As at 31 December 2025, the following Directors were directors/employees of a company who had an interest
         or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the
         provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:


         (a)    Ms. DU Juan was also a director and the CEO of TCL Industries Holdings;


         (b)    Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong was also a director and senior vice president of TCL Industries Holdings;


         (c)    Mr. PENG Pan was also the CFO of TCL Industries Holdings; and


         (d)    Mr. SUN Li was also the CTO of TCL Industries Holdings.


3.       Based on the disclosure of interest form submitted by the said substantial Shareholder(s), as at 11 October 2022,
         TCL Industries Holdings was deemed to be interested in 1,350,728,288 Shares held by T.C.L. Industries (H.K.).
         According to the information subsequently provided to the Company by the said substantial Shareholder(s), as at
         31 December 2025, 1,374,938,618 Shares were interested or deemed to be interested by the said substantial
         Shareholder(s) through the foregoing structure, however such change in shareholding does not give rise to a duty of
         disclosure on the part of the relevant substantial Shareholder under Part XV of the SFO.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, no person, other than the Directors whose interests or short
positions are set out in the section “DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS
IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES” above, had notified the Company of an interest or short
position in the Shares or underlying Shares that was required to be recorded pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
106   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
      Save as disclosed in the sections under the headings “DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND
      SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES”, “SHARE OPTION SCHEME” and
      “SHARE AWARD SCHEMES” in this Report of the Directors, at no time during the year ended 31 December
      2025 were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company
      granted to any Director or his/her spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised
      by them; nor was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, holding companies, or fellow subsidiaries a party to
      any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


      SHARE OPTION SCHEME
      The Company adopted the 2023 Share Option Scheme on 3 November 2023.


      The 2023 Share Option Scheme
      For the terms of the 2023 Share Option Scheme, please refer to the annual report of the Company for the
      year ended 31 December 2023. Unless otherwise defined, all capitalised terms and abbreviations under this
      section shall have the same meanings as those defined in the circular of the Company dated 17 October
      2023.


      The purposes of the 2023 Share Option Scheme are (i) to recognise and acknowledge the contributions of
      the Participants and to motivate Participants to contribute to, and promote the interests of, the Company by
      granting share options to them as incentives or rewards for their contributions to the growth and development
      of the Group; (ii) to attract, retain and motivate high-calibre Participants to promote the sustainable
      development of the Group in line with the performance goals of the Group; (iii) to develop, maintain and
      strengthen long-term relationships that the Participants may have with the Group for the benefit of the
      Group; and (iv) to align the interest of the Participants with those of the Shareholders to promote the long-
      term performance (whether in financial, business and operational aspects) of the Group. The Participants of
      the 2023 Share Option Scheme will include Employee Participants, Related Entity Participants, and Service
      Providers. The 2023 Share Option Scheme became effective on 3 November 2023 and, unless otherwise
      cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date until 2 November 2033.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   107


                                                                              Report of the Directors




The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued in respect of all share options that may be
granted under the 2023 Share Option Scheme and all share options and all share awards that may be granted
under any Other Schemes existing at such time, must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of
Shares in issue as at the date of approval of the 2023 Share Option Scheme (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”).
The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued in respect of share options that may be granted
to Service Providers under the 2023 Share Option Scheme and all share options and all share awards that
may be granted under any Other Schemes existing at such time, must not in aggregate exceed 1% of the total
number of Shares in issue as at the date of approval of the 2023 Share Option Scheme (the “Service Provider
Sublimit”). The Scheme Mandate Limit and the Service Provider Sublimit may respectively be refreshed by
ordinary resolution of the Shareholders in general meeting after three years from 3 November 2023 or the
date of Shareholders’ approval for the last refreshment. The Scheme Mandate Limit is 250,756,873 Shares,
representing approximately 9.95% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares) as at the
date of this annual report.


The maximum number of Shares issued or to be issued upon exercise of share options granted to (i.e. the
maximum entitlement of) any one participant in a 12-month period shall not exceed 1% (or 0.1% for any
substantial Shareholder, independent non-executive Director, or any of their respective associates) of the
number of issued Shares, unless otherwise approved by Shareholders in a general meeting of the Company.


Share options granted to a Director, chief executive or substantial Shareholder, or to any of their respective
associates are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive Directors. In addition, the
grant of any share options to a substantial Shareholder or an independent non-executive Director, or to any
of their respective associates, in excess of 0.1% of the number of Shares in issue at any time within any
12-month period, is subject to Shareholders’ approval in advance in a general meeting of the Company.


The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted upon payment of a non-refundable nominal
consideration of HK$0.10, and within the period determined by the Board provided that no such offer shall be
open for acceptance after the expiry or termination of the 2023 Share Option Scheme by each grantee.


The vesting period in respect of any share options shall not be less than 12 months (or such other period as
the Listing Rules may prescribe or permit from time to time). Share options granted to Employee Participants
may be subject to a shorter vesting period as determined by (i) the Remuneration Committee if such Employee
Participant is a Director or a senior manager of the Company, or (ii) the Board if such Employee Participant is
not a Director or a senior manager of the Company, under any of the following circumstances:


(a)   grants of “make-whole” share options to a new Employee Participant to replace the share awards or
      share options that such Employee Participant forfeited when leaving his or her previous employer;


(b)   grants to an Employee Participant whose employment is terminated due to death or disability or
      occurrence of any out of control events;


(c)   grants of share options with performance-based vesting conditions as determined by the Board, in lieu
      of time-based vesting criteria;
108   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      (d)     grants of share options that are made in batches during a year for administrative and compliance
              reasons;


      (e)     grants of share options with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule such as where the share options
              may vest evenly over a period of 12 months; and


      (f)     grants of share options with a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months.


      The exercise period of the share options granted is determinable by the Directors, and commences on a
      specified date and ends on a date which is not later than ten years from the date of grant of the relevant
      share options.


      The exercise price of a share option to subscribe for Shares is determinable by the Directors, but may not be
      less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the date of
      grant; (ii) the average closing price of the Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for the five trading days
      immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the Shares.


      No share options had been granted, exercised, lapsed or cancelled under the 2023 Share Option Scheme
      during the year ended 31 December 2025. As at 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025, there were no
      outstanding share options granted under the 2023 Share Option Scheme.


      SHARE AWARD SCHEMES
      The Company adopted the 2008 Share Award Scheme on 6 February 2008. Following the expiration of the
      2008 Share Award Scheme on 5 February 2023, the Company adopted the 2023 Share Award Scheme on
      3 November 2023. The 2023 Share Award Scheme constitutes a share scheme involving grant of, among
      others, new Shares under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Details of the 2023 Share Award Scheme were set
      out in the circular of the Company dated 17 October 2023.


      The 2023 Share Award Scheme
      For the terms of the 2023 Share Award Scheme, please refer to the annual report of the Company for the
      year ended 31 December 2023. Unless otherwise defined, all capitalised terms and abbreviations under this
      section shall have the same meanings as those defined in the circular of the Company dated 17 October
      2023.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   109


                                                                               Report of the Directors




The purposes of the 2023 Share Award Scheme are (i) to recognise and acknowledge the contribution of
the Participants and to motivate Participants to contribute to, and promote the interests of, the Company by
granting share awards to them as incentives or rewards for their contribution to the growth and development
of the Group; (ii) to attract, retain and motivate high-calibre Participants to promote the sustainable
development of the Group in line with the performance goals of the Group; (iii) to develop, maintain and
strengthen long-term relationships that the Participants may have with the Group for the benefit of the Group;
and (iv) to align the interest of the Selected Persons with those of the Shareholders to promote the long-term
performance (whether in financial, business and operational aspects) of the Group. The Participants of the
2023 Share Award Scheme include Employee Participants, Related Entity Participants and Service Providers,
and provided that if and only if a share award is to be made in the form of existing Shares, Participants in
respect of such share award shall also include Other Participants, i.e. any other person(s) whom the Board
in its sole discretion considers may contribute or have contributed to the Group (including but not limited to
employees and officers of any invested entities of the Company, of any affiliated entities of the Company,
and/or of any Service Provider). The 2023 Share Award Scheme became effective on 3 November 2023 and,
unless otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date until 2 November
2033.


The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued in respect of all share awards to be granted
under the 2023 Share Award Scheme, and all share options and all share awards to be granted under any
Other Schemes existing at such time, must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in
issue as at the date of approval of the 2023 Share Award Scheme. The total number of Shares which may be
allotted and issued in respect of all share awards to be granted to Service Providers under the 2023 Share
Award Scheme and all share options and all share awards that may be granted under any Other Schemes
existing at such time, must not in aggregate exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the date
of approval of the 2023 Share Award Scheme. The Scheme Mandate Limit and the Service Provider Sublimit
may respectively be refreshed by ordinary resolution of the Shareholders in general meeting after three years
from 3 November 2023 or the date of Shareholders’ approval for the last refreshment. The Scheme Mandate
Limit is 250,756,873 Shares, representing approximately 9.95% of the total number of issued Shares
(excluding treasury shares) as at the date of this annual report.


The total number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all awards granted under the 2023 Share
Award Scheme and all share options and all share awards granted under any Other Schemes (including both
exercised or outstanding share options and vested or outstanding Awarded Shares and awards but excluding
any Awards, share options and share awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2023 Share Award
Scheme or any Other Schemes) to each Participant in any 12-month period up to and including the relevant
Offer Date shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue (i.e. Individual Limit).


The Selected Person does not need to make any payment for the acceptance of awards.
110   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      The vesting period in respect of any awarded Share shall not be less than 12 months (or such other period as
      the Listing Rules may prescribe or permit from time to time). Share awards granted to Employee Participants
      may be subject to a shorter vesting period as determined by (i) the Remuneration Committee if such Employee
      Participant is a Director or a senior manager of the Company, or (ii) the Board if such Employee Participant is
      not a Director or a senior manager of the Company, under any of the following circumstances:


      (a)   grants of “make-whole” share awards to a new Employee Participant to replace the share awards or
            share options that such Employee Participant forfeited when leaving his or her previous employer;


      (b)   grants to an Employee Participant whose employment is terminated due to death or disability or
            occurrence of any out of control events;


      (c)   grants of share awards with performance-based vesting conditions as determined by the Board, in lieu
            of time-based vesting criteria;


      (d)   grants of share awards that are made in batches during a year for administrative and compliance
            reasons;


      (e)   grants of share awards with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule such as where the share awards
            may vest evenly over a period of 12 months; and


      (f)   grants of share awards with a total vesting and holding period of more than 12 months.


      Subject to the foregoing minimum vesting period requirements, the Board has the authority to determine,
      among other things, the vesting conditions, the vesting period and schedule, the number and form of awarded
      Shares, the terms and conditions for each grant, and the period for acceptance of grant. In general, no
      amount is payable on acceptance of grant of awarded Shares under the 2023 Share Award Scheme. The
      purchase price of the awarded Shares (i.e. the price payable by a Selected Person to purchase the awarded
      Shares), if any, shall be such price which shall be determined by the Board from time to time based on
      considerations such as the prevailing closing price of the Shares, the purpose of the share award, and the
      characteristics and profile of the Selected Person. Such room for discretion provides the Board with flexibility
      to stipulate, if necessary, a purchase price for awarded Shares, while balancing the purpose of the share
      award and the interests of Shareholders.
                                                                                                                TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025                                               111


                                                                                                                                                      Report of the Directors




The Company has appointed the Trustee for the administration of the share award scheme. To the knowledge
and belief of the Company, the Trustee is an independent third party to the Company. No one, including the
Trustee, may exercise any voting rights in respect of the Awarded Shares held by the Trustee.


The trust for management and the trust for employees and other details are set out in note 38 to the financial
statements.


                                                                                                                                                                                   Share closing       Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                           price         average
                                                                                                                                                                                    immediately    share closing
                                                                      Number of Awarded Shares                                                         Share closing                  before the            price
                                                                                                                                           Date of      price on the    Vesting          date of    immediately
 Name or                               At                      Granted           Vested          Cancelled      Lapsed              At    grant of     date of grant   period of        grant of          before
 category of                    1 January                        during           during            during       during    31 December    Awarded        of Awarded    Awarded         Awarded                the
 participants                       2025 Reclassification      the year         the year          the year     the year           2025     Shares             Shares     Shares          Shares    vesting dates
                                                                                                                                                                HK$                         HK$              HK$

 Directors
 Executive Directors
 DU Juan                        1,500,000              –             –         (600,000)                 –            –        900,000   25-Jan-24             2.32      Note 2            2.30             9.69
                                        –                    1,376,200                –                  –            –      1,376,200   09-Apr-25             6.54      Note 3            6.65              N/A

                                1,500,000              –     1,376,200         (600,000)                 –            –      2,276,200

 ZHANG Shaoyong                 1,500,000              –            –          (600,000)                 –            –       900,000    25-Jan-24             2.32      Note 2            2.30             9.69
                                        –              –      917,500                 –                  –            –       917,500    09-Apr-25             6.54      Note 3            6.65              N/A

                                1,500,000              –      917,500          (600,000)                 –            –      1,817,500

 PENG Pan                       1,500,000              –            –          (600,000)                 –            –       900,000    25-Jan-24             2.32      Note 2            2.30             9.69
                                        –              –      917,500                 –                  –            –       917,500    09-Apr-25             6.54      Note 3            6.65              N/A

                                1,500,000              –      917,500          (600,000)                 –            –      1,817,500

 SUN Li                         1,500,000              –            –          (600,000)                 –            –       900,000    25-Jan-24             2.32      Note 2            2.30             9.69
                                        –              –      917,500                 –                  –            –       917,500    09-Apr-25             6.54      Note 3            6.65              N/A

                                1,500,000              –      917,500          (600,000)                 –            –      1,817,500

                                6,000,000              –     4,128,700       (2,400,000)                 –            –      7,728,700

 Other Employee Participants    2,863,735              –             –       (2,863,735)                 –            –              –   18-May-21             5.21      Note 1            5.16             9.20
                               64,090,000       (626,000)            –      (26,068,794)                 –   (1,890,206)    35,505,000   25-Jan-24             2.32      Note 2            2.30             9.69
                                        –       (198,600)   75,296,000                –                  –   (1,891,200)    73,206,200    09-Apr-25            6.54      Note 3            6.65              N/A

                               66,953,735       (824,600)   75,296,000      (28,932,529)                 –   (3,781,406)   108,711,200

 Related Entity Participants       64,815              –             –          (64,815)                 –           –               –   18-May-21             5.21      Note 1            5.16             9.20
                                9,260,000        626,000             –       (3,072,000)                 –    (250,000)      6,564,000   25-Jan-24             2.32      Note 2            2.30             9.69
                                        –        198,600    12,073,200                –                  –     (68,900)     12,202,900    09-Apr-25            6.54      Note 3            6.65              N/A

                                9,324,815        824,600    12,073,200       (3,136,815)                 –    (318,900)     18,766,900

                               82,278,550              –    91,497,900      (34,469,344)                 –   (4,100,306)   135,206,800
112   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      Note 1    For Awarded Shares granted in view of the achievement of performance targets for 2017 to 2020, approximately
                40% of such Awarded Shares were vested on 20 June 2022, a further approximately 30% were vested on 20
                June 2023, and the remaining approximately 30% were vested on 20 June 2024. For Awarded Shares granted
                in view of the achievement of performance targets for 2021, approximately 40% of such Awarded Shares
                were vested on 20 June 2023, a further approximately 30% were vested on 20 June 2024, and the remaining
                approximately 30% were vested on 20 June 2025. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company
                dated 19 May 2021.


      Note 2    For Awarded Shares granted in view of the achievement of performance targets for 2024 to 2026, approximately
                40% of such Awarded Shares were vested on 11 June 2025, a further approximately 30% are scheduled to be
                vested on 11 June 2026, and the remaining approximately 30% are scheduled to be vested on 11 June 2027.
                For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 25 January 2024.


                The vesting of Awarded Shares granted on 25 January 2024 is subject to achievement of performance targets as
                follows:


                (i)    Performance targets at the Company level
                       Each of the three batches of Awarded Shares shall be vested according to tiers with reference to
                       the percentage increase in adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent of the Group for the
                       corresponding financial year as compared against the adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent
                       of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (the “Percentage Increase 2023”) as
                       follows:


                                                                                                           The percentage of
                                                                                                              Awarded Shares
                        Corresponding to results                                                         corresponding to the
                        for the financial year                              Percentage                      relevant financial
                        ending 31 December          Vesting Date            Increase 2023 (X)               year to be vested


                        2024                         11-Jun-25               X≥65%                                       100%
                                                                             50%≤X<65%                                    80%
                                                                             X<50%                                         0%


                        2025                         11-Jun-26               X≥100%                                      100%
                                                                             70%≤X<100%                                   80%
                                                                             X<70%                                         0%


                        2026                         11-Jun-27               X≥150%                                      100%
                                                                             90%≤X<150%                                   80%
                                                                             X<90%                                         0%

                (ii)   Performance targets at individual selected person level
                       A selected person’s personal assessment will be conducted annually in accordance with the assessment
                       method formulated by the Group. Each of the three batches of Awarded Shares shall be vested according
                       to the individual performance appraisal results of the selected persons for the corresponding financial
                       year. The Awarded Shares will not be vested on the selected persons who fail to attain a designated
                       threshold at individual selected person level, whether the performance targets at the Company level are
                       satisfied or not.
                                                             TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025          113


                                                                                    Report of the Directors




Note 2   (continued)


         (ii)   Performance targets at individual selected person level (continued)
                All or such part of the Awarded Shares granted to a selected person which do not vest because of failure
                to achieve the performance targets will lapse in accordance with the terms of the 2023 Share Award
                Scheme.


                The fair value at the date of grant of Awarded Shares granted on 25 January 2024 amounted to
                HK$190,866,000. For details of the accounting policy please refer to note 2.4 of notes to financial
                statements.


Note 3   For Awarded Shares granted in view of the achievement of performance targets for 2025 to 2027, approximately
         40% of such Awarded Shares are scheduled to be vested on 12 May 2026, a further approximately 30% are
         scheduled to be vested on 12 May 2027, and the remaining approximately 30% are scheduled to be vested on
         12 May 2028. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 9 April 2025.


         The vesting of Awarded Shares granted on 9 April 2025 is subject to achievement of performance targets as
         follows:


         (i)    Performance targets at the Company level
                Each of the three batches of Awarded Shares shall be vested according to tiers with reference to
                the percentage increase in adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent of the Group for the
                corresponding financial year as compared against the adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent
                of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 (the “Percentage Increase 2024”) as
                follows:


                                                                                                    The percentage of
                                                                                                       Awarded Shares
                  Corresponding to results                                                        corresponding to the
                  for the financial year                             Percentage                      relevant financial
                  ending 31 December         Vesting Date            Increase 2024 (X)               year to be vested


                  2025                        12-May-26               X≥45%                                       100%
                                                                      25%≤X<45%                                    80%
                                                                      X<25%                                         0%


                  2026                        12-May-27               X≥75%                                       100%
                                                                      50%≤X<75%                                    80%
                                                                      X<50%                                         0%


                  2027                        12-May-28               X≥100%                                      100%
                                                                      75%≤X<100%                                   80%
                                                                      X<75%                                         0%
114   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      Note 3    (continued)


                (ii)   Performance targets at individual selected person level
                       A selected person’s personal assessment will be conducted annually in accordance with the assessment
                       method formulated by the Group. Each of the three batches of Awarded Shares shall be vested according
                       to the individual performance appraisal results of the selected persons for the corresponding financial
                       year. The Awarded Shares will not be vested on the selected persons who fail to attain a designated
                       threshold at individual selected person level, whether the performance targets at the Company level are
                       satisfied or not.


                       All or such part of the Awarded Shares granted to a selected person which do not vest because of failure
                       to achieve the performance targets will lapse in accordance with the terms of the 2023 Share Award
                       Scheme.


                       The fair value at the date of grant of Awarded Shares granted on 9 April 2025 amounted to
                       HK$598,396,000. For details of the accounting policy please refer to note 2.4 of notes to financial
                       statements.


      Note 4    The purchase price (being the price payable by a selected person to purchase the Awarded Shares) of all
                Awarded Shares disclosed in the above table is nil.


      Save as disclosed above, no share awards had been granted, lapsed or cancelled under the 2023 Share
      Award Scheme respectively during the reporting period.


      As at 1 January 2025, the number of share options and share awards available for grant under the Scheme
      Mandate Limit and the Service Provider Sublimit under the 2023 Share Option Scheme, 2023 Share Award
      Scheme and any other share schemes of the Company were 250,756,873 and 25,075,687 respectively.


      No grant was made under the 2023 Share Option Scheme and a grant of 91,497,900 share awards was
      made under the 2023 Share Award Scheme to Employee Participants and Related Entity Participants all in
      the form of existing Shares during the year ended 31 December 2025. Accordingly, as at 31 December 2025,
      the number of share options and share awards available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit and the
      Service Provider Sublimit under the 2023 Share Option Scheme, 2023 Share Award Scheme and any other
      share schemes of the Company were 250,756,873 and 25,075,687 respectively.


      The number of shares that may be issued in respect of share options and share awards granted under all
      share schemes of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2025 divided by the weighted average
      number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) during the year ended 31 December 2025 is 0.


      As at the date of this annual report, the total number of shares available for issue under the 2023 Share
      Option Scheme and 2023 Share Award Scheme, which represents the aggregate of all outstanding (i.e. in the
      case of share options, granted and not yet exercised, cancelled nor lapsed, and in the case of share awards,
      granted and not yet vested, cancelled nor lapsed) share options and share awards, and all share options
      and all share awards available for future grant under the 2023 Share Option Scheme and 2023 Share Award
      Scheme, was 250,756,873, representing approximately 9.95% of the total Shares in issue (excluding treasury
      shares) as at the date of this annual report.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   115


                                                                             Report of the Directors




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the year, the Group carried out the following continuing connected transactions (other than continuing
connected transactions that are fully exempted under Rule 14A.73 of the Listing Rules) with its connected
persons including (i) TCL Industries Holdings (being the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company),
its subsidiaries and its associates (as defined in the Listing Rules); and (ii) Tencent Holdings Limited (a
connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level as one of Tencent Holdings Limited’s wholly-
owned subsidiaries held more than 10% of Falcon Network Technology during the year) and its subsidiaries
(collectively “Tencent Group”).


(a)   Pursuant to the Master Sale and Purchase (2025-2027) Agreement dated 26 September 2024 entered
      into between the Company and TCL Industries Holdings, the Group (i) purchased TCL Associates
      Products (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 26 September 2024) from TCL
      Industries Holdings and its various associates amounting to HK$11,259,038,000; and (ii) sold
      Electronics Products (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 26 September 2024)
      to TCL Industries Holdings and its various associates amounting to HK$11,268,606,000 during the
      year. Further details of the Master Sale and Purchase (2025-2027) Agreement are set out in the
      announcement of the Company dated 26 September 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 6
      November 2024.


(b)   Pursuant to the Master Services (2025-2027) Agreement dated 26 September 2024 entered into
      between the Company and TCL Industries Holdings, the Group (i) paid service fees to TCL Industries
      Holdings and its various associates amounting to HK$2,404,607,000; and (ii) received service fees
      from TCL Industries Holdings and its various associates amounting to HK$303,760,000 during the
      year. Further details of the Master Services (2025-2027) Agreement are set out in the announcement
      of the Company dated 26 September 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 6 November 2024.


(c)   Pursuant to the Master Brand Promotion (2025-2027) Agreement dated 26 September 2024 entered
      into between the Company and TCL Industries Holdings, the Group shall pay brand promotion fees
      to TCL Industries Holdings for setting up and/or maintaining promotion fund(s) for advertisement,
      promotion, management, and maintenance of TCL Brand (as defined in the announcement of the
      Company dated 26 September 2024) and/or TCL Industries Holdings Brand (as defined in the
      announcement of the Company dated 26 September 2024). During the year, the Group paid brand
      promotion fee to TCL Industries Holdings amounting to HK$626,068,000. Further details of the Master
      Brand Promotion (2025-2027) Agreement are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 26
      September 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 6 November 2024.
116   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      (d)   Pursuant to the Master Financial (2025-2027) Agreement dated 26 September 2024 entered into
            among the Company, TCL Industries Holdings, and Finance Company (HK) (a subsidiary of TCL
            Industries Holdings), (i) the maximum outstanding daily balances of deposits (including interest
            receivables in respect of these deposits and deposits as security) placed by TCL Electronics Qualified
            Members (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 26 September 2024) with Finance
            Company (HK) and/or TCL Industries Holdings Financial Services Associates (as defined in the
            announcement of the Company dated 26 September 2024) amounted to HK$3,878,849,000; (ii) the
            maximum daily balances of outstanding loans (including interest receivables in respect of those loans)
            provided by the Group to the Qualified Holdings Group (as defined in the announcement of the Company
            dated 26 September 2024) amounted to HK$1,576,473,000; (iii) no facility (including interest and
            handling fees) provided by TCL Industries Holdings Financial Services Associates to TCL Electronics
            Qualified Members was used during the year ended 31 December 2025; and (iv) foreign exchange
            transactions entered into between the Group and Finance Company (HK) and/or TCL Industries Holdings
            Financial Services Associates amounted to HK$476,867,000 during the year. Further details of the
            Master Financial (2025-2027) Agreement are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 26
            September 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 6 November 2024.


      (e)   Pursuant to the Master Photovoltaic (2025-2027) Agreement dated 26 September 2024 entered into
            between the Company and TCL Industries Holdings, the Group (i) received construction services income
            from TCL Industries Holdings and its various associates amounting to HK$436,548,000; (ii) received
            operation and maintenance services income from TCL Industries Holdings and its various associates
            amounting to HK$23,748,000 during the year; and (iii) had not made any payment under the guarantee
            arrangement during the year. Further details of the Master Photovoltaic (2025-2027) Agreement are set
            out in the announcement of the Company dated 26 September 2024 and the circular of the Company
            dated 6 November 2024.


      (f)   Pursuant to the Master Rental (2025-2027) Agreement dated 26 September 2024 entered into between
            the Company and TCL Industries Holdings, during the year, (i) the Group received rental/license income
            from TCL Industries Holdings and its associates amounting to HK$12,705,000; (ii) the Group paid
            rental/license cost to TCL Industries Holdings and its associates amounting to HK$2,634,000; and (iii)
            the total maximum value of the right-of-use assets for TCL Industries Holdings and its associates to be
            leased to the Group amounted to HK$105,399,000. Further details of the Master Rental (2025-2027)
            Agreement are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 26 September 2024.


      (g)   Pursuant to the Internet TV Cooperation (2025-2027) Framework Agreement dated 19 December 2024
            entered into between the Company and Tencent Computer (as defined in the announcement of the
            Company dated 19 December 2024), during the year, the Group (i) received aggregate income from
            Tencent Computer amounting to HK$62,457,000; and (ii) paid aggregate fees to Tencent Computer
            amounting to HK$365,056,000. Further details of the Internet TV Cooperation (2025-2027) Framework
            Agreement are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 19 December 2024.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   117


                                                                             Report of the Directors




(h)   Pursuant to the Master Finance Lease (2022-2024) Agreement dated 26 August 2022 entered into
      among the Company, TCL Industries Holdings, and TCL Finance Lease (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd. (a subsidiary
      of TCL Industries Holdings), as at 31 December 2025, (i) the Group received a contractual sum of
      HK$519,419,000 in aggregate from TCL Industries Holdings and its associates for the individual
      agreements for sale of leased assets entered into during the financial year ended 31 December
      2022; (ii) the Group paid HK$911,000 in aggregate under the guarantee arrangement arising from the
      agreements entered into during the financial year ended 31 December 2022; and (iii) the maximum
      outstanding balance of security deposits paid by the Group to TCL Industries Holdings and its
      associates amounted to HK$24,146,000 arising from the agreements entered into during the financial
      year ended 31 December 2022. Further details of the Master Finance Lease (2022-2024) Agreement
      are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 26 August 2022 and the circular of the
      Company dated 8 September 2022.


(i)   Pursuant to the Exclusive Business Co-operation Agreement dated 23 July 2019 (as supplemented and
      amended from time to time) entered into between Falcon Network Technology and the OPCO, the OPCO
      Group shall engage Falcon Network Technology on an exclusive basis to provide business support,
      technical services, consulting services, and other services, including but not limited to technical
      services, network support, business consultation, intellectual property licensing, leasing of equipment,
      market consultation, system integration, product research and development, system maintenance,
      and other related services from time to time in accordance with the PRC Laws. The OPCO Group shall
      pay, on a quarterly basis, to Falcon Network Technology a service fee that is set by Falcon Network
      Technology and stated in the invoice issued by Falcon Network Technology to the OPCO Group having
      taken into account the workload and commercial value of the services provided by Falcon Network
      Technology to the OPCO Group, and the service fee shall be equivalent to all profits generated by the
      OPCO Group, after deducting relevant costs, expenses, and taxes, and subject to adjustment by Falcon
      Network Technology. The Group received service fees amounting to HK$416,985,000 from the OPCO
      Group during the year ended 31 December 2025. After deducting all costs and expenses including the
      aforesaid service fee paid, the net profit of OPCO and the OPCO Group for the year ended 31 December
      2025 amounted to HK$45,941,000 and HK$45,377,000 respectively, and such profit has been
      retained in the OPCO Group to facilitate its future development. No dividends or other distributions
      have been made by the OPCO Group to the PRC Equity Owners which are not otherwise subsequently
      assigned or transferred to the Group. Further details of the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement
      are set out in the VIE Announcement and the section “VIE Structure” below.


The Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
118   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      All the related party transactions set out in note 47 to the financial statements (except for the transactions
      with joint ventures and associates of the Group, addition of right-of-use assets, depreciation of right-of-use
      assets, interest expense on lease liabilities and transactions with certain affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings
      and TCL Technology and/or companies controlled by TCL Technology included in note 47 to the financial
      statements) constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter
      14A of the Listing Rules, and the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with
      Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


      The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above-mentioned continuing connected
      transactions and confirmed that such continuing connected transactions were entered into: (i) in the ordinary
      and usual course of the Group’s business; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) in accordance
      with the terms of the respective agreements governing such transactions on terms that were fair and
      reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.


      The Company’s auditor, Messrs. Ernst & Young, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected
      transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance
      Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with reference to Practice
      Note 740 Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Listing Rules issued by the
      HKICPA. Messrs. Ernst & Young has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions
      in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule
      14A.56 of the Listing Rules. Messrs. Ernst & Young has confirmed in the letter to the Board that, with respect
      to the aforesaid continuing connected transactions carried out during the year ended 31 December 2025,
      (i) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
      transactions have not been approved by the Board; (ii) for transactions involving the provision of goods or
      services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the continuing
      connected transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;
      (iii) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered
      into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and (iv)
      nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that such continuing connected transactions
      have exceeded the annual caps as set by the Company.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   119


                                                                              Report of the Directors




VIE STRUCTURE
Reference is made to the VIE Announcement. Unless otherwise defined, all capitalised terms and
abbreviations under this section shall have the same meanings as those defined in the VIE Announcement.


On 23 July 2019, Falcon Network Technology entered into the VIE Agreements with the OPCO and/or the PRC
Equity Owners and/or their spouses. Through the VIE Agreements, Falcon Network Technology has effective
control over the finance and operation of the OPCO and enjoys the entire economic interests and benefits
generated by the OPCO. Upon the entering into of the VIE Agreements, the financial results of the OPCO have
been consolidated into the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the OPCO has become an
indirect subsidiary of the Company. The Company has applied for, and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange has
granted, a waiver pursuant to Rule 14A.102 of the Listing Rules from (i) setting a fixed term for each of the
VIE Agreements pursuant to Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, and (ii) setting a maximum aggregate annual
cap pursuant to Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules for the services fees payable by the OPCO to Falcon Network
Technology under the Exclusive Business Co-operation Agreement.


Particulars of the OPCO and Major Terms of the VIE Agreements
For the particulars of the OPCO, as well as a summary of the major terms of the VIE Agreements, please refer
to the VIE Announcement. The OPCO did not have any subsidiary when the VIE Agreements were entered into.
In order to make it clear that the provisions in the VIE Agreements that are applicable to the OPCO are equally
applicable to any subsidiary of the OPCO so as to better protect the interest of the Company in the OPCO and
its subsidiaries from time to time (collectively the “OPCO Group”), and to ensure that the Company (through
Falcon Network Technology) will have effective control over the finance and operation of the OPCO Group
and enjoy the entire economic interests and benefits generated by the OPCO Group, on 20 January 2022, a
supplemental agreement has been entered into between Falcon Network Technology and the OPCO, pursuant
to which the provisions of the VIE Agreements are confined to be equally applicable to the entire OPCO Group.
In order to further expand the scope of business, it is contemplated that certain wholly-owned subsidiaries
of Falcon Network Technology (collectively the “Target Companies”) would engage in the production and
operation business of radio and television programmes in the PRC, which was restricted business of foreign
investment under PRC laws. Therefore, the supplemental agreement in respect of additional business under
VIE Agreements and confirmation in relation to the performance of the entire set of VIE Agreements were
entered into by and among Falcon Network Technology, the OPCO and the Target Companies on 15 August
2025, thereby allowing the OPCO to engage in the production and operation business of radio and television
programmes in the PRC by acquiring 100% equity interest in the Target Companies. Save as aforementioned,
for the year ended 31 December 2025, there was no material change in the particulars of the OPCO, the VIE
Structure and/or the circumstances under which they were adopted, and none of the VIE Agreements has
been unwound as none of the restrictions that led to the adoption of the VIE Structure has been removed.
120   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the VIE Agreements (including the aforementioned
      supplemental agreements) and confirmed for the year ended 31 December 2025 that: (i) the transactions
      carried out during the year have been entered into in accordance with the relevant provisions of the VIE
      Agreements and have been operated so that the profit generated by the OPCO Group has been substantially
      retained by the Group; (ii) no dividends or other distributions have been made by the OPCO Group to the PRC
      Equity Owners which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group; and (iii) any new
      contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced between the Group and the OPCO during the relevant financial
      period are fair and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far as the Group is concerned,
      and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole. To this extent, no new VIE agreements or contractual
      arrangements were entered into between the Group and the OPCO during the year ended 31 December 2025.


      The Company’s auditor has carried out review procedures for the year ended 31 December 2025 on the
      transactions carried out pursuant to the VIE Agreements (including the aforementioned supplemental
      agreements) and has confirmed that the transactions have received the approval of the Directors and have
      been entered into in accordance with the relevant VIE Agreements and that no dividends or other distributions
      have been made by the OPCO Group to the PRC Equity Owners which are not otherwise subsequently assigned
      or transferred to the Group.


      Whilst the operations of the OPCO Group in aggregate are not considered to be material to the Group as at 31
      December 2025, for the purpose of good corporate governance, the information regarding the OPCO Group for
      the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out below:


      Financial Information, Business Activities of the OPCO and Their
      Significance to the Group
      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the major business activities of the OPCO Group were to conduct
      valued-added telecommunications business and internet cultural business (i.e. the Subject Business) in
      the PRC. As at 31 December 2025, the registered owners of the OPCO were Mr. WANG Hao and Ms. ZHU
      Xiaojiang, and each of them respectively owned 50% equity interests of the OPCO. The OPCO Group’s
      significance to the Group is that it holds relevant licences to conduct the Subject Business in the PRC. The
      revenue of the OPCO Group amounted to approximately HK$1,246,008,000 for the year ended 31 December
      2025, whilst the net asset value of the OPCO Group was approximately HK$200,101,000 as at 31 December
      2025.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   121


                                                                             Report of the Directors




Reasons for Adopting the VIE Structure
The primary purpose for the Group to adopt the VIE Structure was to enable the Group to engage in the
Subject Business in the PRC, thereby deepening the Group’s reach to those business segments as well
as widening the Group’s customer base. Nevertheless, pursuant to various laws and regulations of the
PRC currently in force, the Subject Business operated by the OPCO Group is regarded as restricted foreign
investment businesses. As a foreign owned enterprise, Falcon Network Technology is not entitled to obtain
licences to provide the Subject Business in the PRC. In order to comply with the PRC laws, the VIE Agreements
were entered into among Falcon Network Technology, the OPCO, and the PRC Equity Owners. Through the
VIE Agreements (including the aforementioned supplemental agreement), Falcon Network Technology will
have effective control over the finance and operation of the OPCO Group and will enjoy the entire economic
interests and benefits generated by the OPCO Group despite the lack of registered equity ownership.


Risk Factors and Mitigation Actions in Relation to the VIE Structure
The risk factors and mitigation actions in relation to the VIE Structure are summarised below. Please also
refer to the VIE Announcement for more details.


As the primary beneficiary of the OPCO Group, the Group will bear economic risks which may arise from
difficulties in the operation of their businesses. Falcon Network Technology will have to provide financial
support in the event of financial difficulty of the OPCO Group. Under these circumstances, the Group’s
financial results and financial position may be adversely affected by the worsening financial performance of
the OPCO Group and the need to provide financial support to the OPCO Group. Since the Group conducts
business through the OPCO Group and the financial results of the OPCO Group are consolidated into the
financial statements of the Group, any losses suffered by the OPCO Group would be reflected in the Group’s
consolidated financial statements and the Group’s consolidated financial position such as the consolidated
earnings and profits will be adversely affected.


Moreover, there is no assurance that the VIE Agreements could comply with future changes in the regulatory
requirements in the PRC and the PRC government may determine that the VIE Agreements do not comply
with applicable regulations. The VIE Agreements may also not be as effective as direct ownership in providing
control over the OPCO Group, especially in the event there was conflict of interests between the Group and
the PRC Equity Owners. There may be limitations in acquiring ownership in the equity interests of the OPCO
Group by the Group.


Further, certain terms of the VIE Agreements may not be enforceable under the PRC laws. The PRC
government may determine that the VIE Agreements do not comply with the applicable regulations. The VIE
Agreements may also be subject to scrutiny of the PRC tax authorities and additional tax may be imposed.
Up to 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any insurance which covers the risks relating to the VIE
Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereunder.
122   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Report of the Directors




      In order to mitigate the aforementioned risks, as well as to safeguard the assets of the OPCO Group, the VIE
      Agreements provided that the PRC Equity Owners shall not sell, transfer, mortgage, or otherwise dispose of
      any of their interests in the OPCO Group or be allowed to create any encumbrances on them without the prior
      written consent of Falcon Network Technology. Moreover, Falcon Network Technology has the right to request
      for the OPCO Group’s financial information to ascertain its consolidated profit before tax from time to time.


      In addition, as internal control measures, Falcon Network Technology is involved in assessing material
      financial matters as well as making corporate strategy, business plans, and budgets of the OPCO Group.
      Terms of appointment of senior management of the OPCO Group are also subject to review by Falcon Network
      Technology. OPCO’s senior management and relevant officers may be appointed under Falcon Network
      Technology’s recommendations and such senior management and relevant officers will have the physical
      possession of all of the OPCO’s common seals, company chops and books and records.


      The adoption of the VIE Structure was not related to any requirements other than the foreign ownership
      restriction in the PRC. As at 31 December 2025, the VIE Structure did not contravene the prevailing laws
      and regulations in the PRC and the VIE Agreements were binding on each of the contracting parties save as
      disclosed in the VIE Announcement. The Company will monitor the relevant PRC laws and regulations relevant
      to the VIE Structure and will take all necessary actions to protect the Company’s interest in the OPCO Group.


      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
      Details of the Group’s corporate governance practices can be found in the Corporate Governance Report
      contained on pages 56 to 88 in this annual report.


      MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
      OF THE COMPANY
      The Company has adopted a model code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors on terms
      no less exacting than the required standard as set out in the Model Code. Specific enquiries have been made
      with all Directors and all of them have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out
      in the Model Code and the Company’s code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions during the
      year ended 31 December 2025.


      SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
      Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, at
      least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public as at 23 April 2026, the latest
      practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    123


                                                                                Report of the Directors




AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has an audit committee for the purposes of reviewing and supervising the Group’s financial
reporting process and internal controls.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
Details of the significant events of the Group after the reporting period are set out in note 51 to the financial
statements.


AUDITOR
Ernst & Young will retire and, being eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment as auditor of the Company at
the forthcoming AGM.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Other than the Share Option Scheme and the Share Award Schemes as disclosed above and in note 38 to
the financial statements respectively and the grant letters issued pursuant to the schemes, no equity-linked
agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares or that require the Company to enter into
any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares were entered into by the Company
during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Articles provides that the Directors shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company from and
against all losses or liabilities which they incur or sustain as a Director in defending any proceedings, whether
civil or criminal, in which judgement is given in his/her favour, or in which he/she is acquitted.


The Company has taken out and maintained Directors' liability insurance which provides aforesaid indemnities
with appropriate cover for the Directors and directors of the subsidiaries of the Company. The permitted
indemnity provisions (within the meaning under section 469 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance)
contained in the Articles and the Directors' liability insurance were in force during the financial year ended 31
December 2025 and as at the date of this annual report.




On behalf of the Board
TCL Electronics Holdings Limited
DU Juan
Chairperson


Hong Kong
27 March 2026
124   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Independent Auditor’s Report




      To the shareholders of TCL Electronics Holdings Limited
      (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


      Opinion
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of TCL Electronics Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
      and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 131 to 300, which comprise the consolidated statement
      of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
      comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of
      cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material
      accounting policy information.


      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
      position of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
      consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued
      by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in
      compliance with the disclosure requirements of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


      Basis for opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the
      HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
      the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
      accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits
      of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
      accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate
      to provide a basis for our opinion.


      Key audit matters
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
      audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
      context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
      and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how
      our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025      125


                                                                        Independent Auditor’s Report




We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit
included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including
the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.


  Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter
  Impairment of goodwill
  As at 31 December 2025, the Group had goodwill            Our audit procedures included the following:
  of HK$3,177,559,000, representing approximately
  23% of the total non-current assets of the Group.
                                                            • Reviewing the valuation report prepared by
  The determination of the recoverable amount,                 management’s specialist referenced in the
  being the higher of fair value less costs of                 recoverable amount calculation, evaluating the
  disposal and value-in-use, requires judgement on
                                                               competence, capabilities and objectivity of the
  the part of management in both identifying and
  then valuing the relevant cash-generating unit               management’s specialist;
  (“CGU”). Recoverable amounts were based on
  management’s estimates of variables such as               • Evaluating the methodologies, assumptions and
  budgeted revenue/gross margins, growth rates and
                                                               parameters used by management, in particular
  the most appropriate discount rates.
                                                               those relating to the budgeted revenue/gross
  The accounting policies and disclosures in respect           margins, growth rates and pre-tax discount
  of goodwill are included in notes 2.4, 3 and 16 to           rates, by comparing the cash flow forecast to
  the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
                                                               historical trend analyses and referring to the
                                                               industry discount rate;


                                                            • Assessing the historical results of management’s
                                                               estimates and evaluation of business plans
                                                               by referring to the market situation as at
                                                               31 December 2025;


                                                            • Evaluating the sensitivity analysis performed by
                                                               management in respect of the growth rates and
                                                               pre-tax discount rates to assess the extent of
                                                               impact on the calculation of the value-in-use;


                                                            • Involving our internal valuation expert to assist
                                                               us with our assessment of the methodology
                                                               and the discount rates used to determine the
                                                               recoverable amounts; and


                                                            • Assessing the disclosures made in the Group’s
                                                               consolidated financial statements.
126   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Independent Auditor’s Report




        Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter
        Acquisition of the equity interests in TCL SunPower Global B.V. and TCL Electronics Chile SpA
        On 14 February 2025, the Group completed the            Our audit procedures included the following:
        acquisition of an additional 60% equity interest in
        TCL Electronics Chile SpA, a former 40% owned           • we examined purchase agreements, the
        associate of the Group, at a consideration of             resolutions of shareholders’ meeting and
        approximately USD3,879,000. TCL Electronics               the board of directors meeting related to
        Chile SpA has become a wholly-owned subsidiary            acquisitions, the purchase price bank payment
        of the Group.                                             slips and other relevant documents;


        On 1 April 2025, the Group completed the                • we involved our internal specialist to
        acquisition of a 90.01% equity interest in TCL            assist us in evaluating the methodologies,
        SunPower Global B.V. at a consideration of                assumptions and parameters used in valuation
        approximately USD25,280,000. TCL SunPower                 reports, in particular those relating to the
        Global B.V. and its subsidiaries have become              budgeted revenue/gross margin, growth
        90.01% owned subsidiaries of the Group.                   rates and discount rates. We also evaluated
                                                                  the independent valuers’ qualifications,
        These transactions were subject to complicated            professional competence and independence;
        accounting treatments for business combinations
        using acquisition method, including the purchase        • we obtained and examined the valuation
        price allocation to the identifiable assets acquired      reports from the independent valuers and
        and liabilities assumed and the treatments for            the acquiree’s financial statements at the
        the difference between the consideration and the          acquisition date. We also assessed the
        fair value of the identifiable net assets of the          allocation of purchase price to all identifiable
        acquiree in the business combinations. The Group          assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and
        engaged independent valuers to evaluate the fair          reviewed the accounting treatments of the
        value of the identifiable assets and liabilities          business combinations; and
        of the acquiree, which involved management’s
        judgements and estimates such as budgeted               • we assessed the disclosures made in the
        revenue/gross margin, growth rates and discount           Group’s consolidated financial statements.
        rates.


        The other intangible assets newly identified
        in the TCL SunPower Global B.V. acquisition
        amounted to approximately HK$38,059,000,
        and the purchase price allocation resulted in
        goodwill of approximately HK$154,529,000. The
        other intangible assets newly identified in the
        TCL Electronics Chile SpA acquisition amounted
        to approximately HK$1,033,000, and the
        purchase price allocation resulted in goodwill of
        approximately HK$12,819,000.


        The accounting policies and disclosures in respect
        of acquisitions are included in notes 2.4 and 42 to
        the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   127


                                                                    Independent Auditor’s Report




Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Impairment assessment of trade and other receivables
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had trade            In evaluating management’s impairment
receivables which measured at amortised cost
                                                       assessment, our audit procedures included the
and other receivables of HK$22,030,055,000 and
HK$4,456,991,000, respectively, representing           following:
approximately 28% and 6% of the current assets of
the Group, respectively.                               • Obtaining an understanding of evaluating and
                                                          testing management’s key controls in relation
Management develops expected credit loss (“ECL”)
models to assess the impairment allowance for             to the assessment of the expected credit
trade and other receivables at the end of each            losses of receivables;
reporting period. The ECL model of trade and other
receivables involves judgement and subjective
                                                       • Obtaining an understanding of key data and
estimations such as the staging, groupings of the
debtor segments and estimated loss rates.                 assumptions of the expected credit loss model
                                                          adopted by management, including the basis
The accounting policies and disclosures in respect        of segmentation of receivables based on
of trade and other receivables are included in
                                                          credit loss characteristics, the ageing profile,
notes 2.4, 3, 22, 25 and 49 to the Group’s
consolidated financial statements.                        historical default data, assumptions involved
                                                          in management’s estimated loss rate and
                                                          whether there has been any significant increase
                                                          in credit risk since initial recognition for other
                                                          receivables;


                                                       • Assessing the estimated credit loss rates
                                                          by considering historical cash collection and
                                                          movements of the ageing of receivables, the
                                                          market conditions and forward-looking factors
                                                          and Testing on a sample basis, the accuracy
                                                          of ageing analysis of receivables prepared by
                                                          management;


                                                       • Examining on a sample basis, the subsequent
                                                          settlement of the receivables to cash receipts
                                                          and the related supporting documentation; and


                                                       • Assessing the disclosures made in the Group’s
                                                          consolidated financial statements.
128   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Independent Auditor’s Report




      Other information included in the Annual Report
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
      information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
      report thereon.


      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
      information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
      consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
      misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of
      this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


      Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial
      statements
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
      that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and
      the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
      enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
      due to fraud or error.


      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for
      assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
      going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either
      intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


      The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
      overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   129


                                                                        Independent Auditor’s Report




Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
       whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
       obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of
       not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
       as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
       internal control.


•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
       that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
       effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
       estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
       based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
       conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
       conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
       the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
       to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
       auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
       going concern.
130   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Independent Auditor’s Report




      •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
             including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
             transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


      •      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
             information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on
             the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of
             the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
             opinion.


      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
      the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
      during our audit.


      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
      requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
      may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
      threats or safeguards applied.


      From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
      significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
      key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
      disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
      be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
      to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Law Kwok Kee (practising
      certificate number: P04296).




      Ernst & Young
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong
      27 March 2026
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   131


  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                     Notes         HK$’000          HK$’000


REVENUE                                                                5       114,582,832       99,322,325


Cost of sales                                                                  (96,682,644)     (83,768,340)


Gross profit                                                                    17,900,188       15,553,985


Other income and gains                                                 5          1,387,072       1,959,846
Selling and distribution expenses                                                (7,995,377)      (7,504,064)
Administrative expenses                                                          (4,677,249)      (4,145,105)
Research and development costs                                                   (2,532,381)      (2,335,052)
Other operating expenses                                                            (97,364)        (294,382)
Impairment losses on financial and contract assets, net                             (46,014)         (47,666)


                                                                                  3,938,875       3,187,562


Finance costs                                                          6           (790,452)        (786,914)
Share of profits and losses of:
  Joint ventures                                                                           –           5,886
  Associates                                                                        155,873         107,989


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                      7          3,304,296       2,514,523


Income tax                                                            10           (777,316)        (666,012)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                               2,526,980       1,848,511
132   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                               2025          2024
                                                                            HK$’000       HK$’000


       OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)

       Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be reclassified to
         profit or loss in subsequent periods:
         Cash flow hedges:
           Effective portion of changes in fair value of the hedging
              instruments arising during the year                           (641,489)       (8,940)
           Reclassification adjustments for losses included in the
              consolidated statement of profit or loss                      548,394       116,748
           Income tax effect                                                 (1,149)        1,215


                                                                             (94,244)     109,023

         Exchange differences:
           Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations        735,350     (1,013,899)
           Reclassification adjustments for foreign operations disposed
             of or liquidated during the year                                 (8,951)         (583)
           Reclassification adjustments for associates deemed partial
             disposed, disposed of or liquidated during the year                 (80)         107
           Reclassification adjustments for remeasurement and deemed
             disposal of previously held interests in step acquisition of
             a subsidiary                                                      7,374             –
           Reclassification adjustments for a joint venture liquidated
             during the year                                                       –        3,381


                                                                            733,693     (1,010,994)

         Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
           income:
           Changes in fair value of bills receivable, net of income tax        9,479        (2,063)
         Share of other comprehensive income of associates and a joint
           venture                                                             4,879        8,764
         Reclassification adjustments for remeasurement and deemed
           disposal of previously held interests in step acquisition of a
           subsidiary                                                         (1,918)            –
         Reclassification adjustments for a joint venture disposed of
           during the year                                                         –        1,312
         Reclassification adjustments for an associate disposed of
           during the year                                                         –        (5,781)


       Net other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be reclassified
         to profit or loss in subsequent periods                            651,889      (899,739)
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   133


  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                   Note          HK$’000          HK$’000


Other comprehensive income/(loss) that will not be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Equity investments designated at fair value through other
    comprehensive income:
    Changes in fair value, net of income tax                                       21,905           15,981
  Share of other comprehensive loss of associates                                        –            (498)


Net other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods                                             21,905           15,483


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR,
  NET OF TAX                                                                      673,794         (884,256)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                         3,200,774         964,255


Profit for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                          2,495,131       1,759,366
  Non-controlling interests                                                        31,849           89,145


                                                                                2,526,980       1,848,511


Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                          3,098,387       1,032,075
  Non-controlling interests                                                       102,387          (67,820)


                                                                                3,200,774         964,255


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
  HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                                             12


  Basic                                                                    HK103.41 cents     HK72.39 cents


  Diluted                                                                   HK98.24 cents     HK69.72 cents
134   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      31 December 2025




                                                                           31 December   31 December
                                                                                  2025          2024
                                                                   Notes       HK$’000       HK$’000


       NON-CURRENT ASSETS
       Property, plant and equipment                                13       2,775,689     2,439,532
       Investment properties                                        14         405,299       413,818
       Right-of-use assets                                         15(a)       925,871       827,107
       Goodwill                                                     16       3,177,559     2,947,380
       Other intangible assets                                      17       1,941,060     1,499,256
       Investments in joint ventures                                18           4,441         4,331
       Investments in associates                                    19       1,559,854     1,437,839
       Equity investments designated at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                       20        370,884       366,098
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        26         42,549        37,656
       Debt investments at amortised cost                           27        169,130       198,757
       Deferred tax assets                                          36        759,989       471,530
       Contract assets                                              24         58,915       365,201
       Other receivables                                                      792,714             –
       Other deferred assets                                                  982,292       818,931
       Derivative financial instruments                             32          6,946         6,041


       Total non-current assets                                             13,973,192    11,833,477


       CURRENT ASSETS
       Inventories                                                  21      23,088,359    15,288,555
       Trade receivables                                            22      23,957,524    22,332,884
       Bills receivable                                             23       3,418,264     4,436,662
       Contract assets                                              24           4,592        22,470
       Prepayments, other receivables and other assets              25      10,491,238     9,451,215
       Tax recoverable                                                         220,105       147,255
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        26       2,358,397     2,861,035
       Derivative financial instruments                             32         193,840       552,250
       Restricted cash and pledged deposits                         28         506,325       669,910
       Cash and cash equivalents                                    28      13,522,134     8,771,691


       Total current assets                                                 77,760,778    64,533,927


       CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Trade payables                                               29      32,466,512    26,646,451
       Bills payable                                                30      12,449,066     5,839,326
       Other payables and accruals                                  31      17,001,229    18,521,480
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                   34       5,850,136     4,172,399
       Lease liabilities                                           15(b)       126,628       137,367
       Tax payable                                                             472,089       332,855
       Derivative financial instruments                             32         148,533       353,309
       Provisions                                                   35       1,480,998     1,125,749


       Total current liabilities                                            69,995,191    57,128,936
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   135


                                                  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                             31 December 2025




                                                                              31 December      31 December
                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                    Notes         HK$’000          HK$’000


 NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                              7,765,587       7,404,991


 TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                         21,738,779       19,238,468


 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                          34            223,936         437,660
 Lease liabilities                                                  15(b)          335,998         220,045
 Deferred tax liabilities                                            36            322,158         324,803
 Other long-term payables                                                          141,947          94,568
 Other non-current liabilities                                                     605,747         296,308
 Financial liability associated with put option                      33            214,218         188,666


 Total non-current liabilities                                                   1,844,004       1,562,050


 Net assets                                                                    19,894,775       17,676,418


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent
 Issued capital                                                      37         2,520,935        2,520,935
 Reserves                                                            39        16,676,820       14,683,433


                                                                               19,197,755       17,204,368

 Non-controlling interests                                                         697,020         472,050


 Total equity                                                                  19,894,775       17,676,418




DU Juan                                                PENG Pan
Director                                               Director
136   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                                  Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                                                Shares
                                                               Share                                Cash flow      Exchange                                    held for Awarded             Put                                    Non-
                                                 Issued     premium       Capital       Reserve         hedge    fluctuation    Fair value         Other     the Award        share      option     Retained                 controlling       Total
                                                 capital     account      reserve         funds        reserve       reserve      reserve        reserve       Scheme       reserve     reserve       profits       Total     interests       equity
                                               HK$’000      HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000                         HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000 HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000
                                              (Note 37)    (Note 37) (Note 39(ii)) (Note 39(iii)) (Note 39(v))                                               (Note 38) (Note 39(iv))

      At 1 January 2025                     2,520,935      3,837,419      454,973     1,180,330        78,750 (1,711,732)         86,771        155,544      (335,028)      180,894    (208,846) 10,964,358 17,204,368         472,050 17,676,418
      Profit for the year                           –              –            –             –             –          –               –              –             –             –           – 2,495,131 2,495,131             31,849 2,526,980
      Other comprehensive
        income/(loss) for the year:
        Cash flow hedges                            –              –             –             –      (91,856)            –              –               –           –             –          –            –      (91,856)      (2,388)      (94,244)
        Exchange differences on
          translation of foreign operations         –              –             –             –             –     659,292               –               –           –             –          –            –     659,292        76,058      735,350
        Reclassification of exchange
          differences for foreign
          operations disposed of or
          liquidated                                –              –             –             –             –       (5,819)             –               –           –             –          –            –       (5,819)      (3,132)       (8,951)
        Reclassification of exchange
          differences for associates
          disposed of or liquidated                 –              –             –             –             –          (80)             –               –           –             –          –            –          (80)            –          (80)
        Reclassification adjustments for
          remeasurement and deemed
          disposal of previously held
          interests in step acquisition of
          a subsidiary                              –              –             –             –             –        7,374              –        (1,918)            –             –          –             –       5,456             –        5,456
        Change in fair value of financial
          assets at fair value through
          other comprehensive income,
          net of tax                                –              –             –             –             –             –        9,479                –           –             –          –             –       9,479             –        9,479
        Change in fair value of equity
          investments designated
          at fair value through other
          comprehensive income,
          net of tax                                –              –             –             –             –             –      21,905                 –           –             –          –             –     21,905               –     21,905
        Share of other comprehensive
          income of associates                      –              –             –             –             –             –             –         4,879             –             –          –             –       4,879              –       4,879

      Total comprehensive income/(loss)
        for the year                                  –            –            –             –       (91,856)     660,767        31,384           2,961             –             –          –   2,495,131     3,098,387      102,387     3,200,774
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)           –            –            –             –             –            –             –               –             –             –          –           –             –        4,753         4,753
      Capital injection in a subsidiary
        from a non-wholly-owned entity                –            –          (42)             –             –            –             –                –           –             –          –            –          (42)           42            –
      Acquisition of non-controlling
        interests                                     –            –     (114,843)             –             –            –             –                –           –             –          –            –    (114,843)      114,843            –
      Liquidation of subsidiaries                     –            –            –              –             –            –             –                –           –             –          –            –           –         2,945        2,945
      Employee share-based
        compensation benefits under
        the Share Award Schemes
        (note 38)                                     –            –             –             –             –            –              –               –           –      319,362           –            –     319,362              –     319,362
      Vesting of shares under the
        Share Award Schemes (note 38)                 –     (115,094)            –             –             –            –              –               –    135,935       (73,611)          –            –      (52,770)            –      (52,770)
      Purchase of shares for the
        Share Award Schemes                           –            –             –             –             –            –              –               –   (447,471)             –          –            –    (447,471)             –    (447,471)
      2024 final dividend paid                        –     (769,507)            –             –             –            –              –               –          –              –          –            –    (769,507)             –    (769,507)
      Related distribution for shares
        held for the Share Award Schemes              –      (51,048)            –             –             –             –             –               –           –             –          –             –     (51,048)            –      (51,048)
      Transfer of fair value reserve upon
        the disposal of equity investments
        designated at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                     –           –             –        2,182              –             –      (21,821)               –           –             –          –      19,639             –              –           –
      Reclassification of gain previously
        in other reserve related to
        disposal of an associate                       –           –             –            –              –             –             –          (804)            –             –          –         804             –              –           –
      Transfer from retained profits                   –           –             –      115,973              –             –             –             –             –             –          –    (115,973)            –              –           –
      Share of capital reserves of
        associates and joint ventures                  –           –       11,319              –             –             –             –               –           –             –          –             –     11,319               –     11,319

      At 31 December 2025                     2,520,935    2,901,770*     351,407* 1,298,485*         (13,106)* (1,050,965)*      96,334*       157,701*     (646,564)*     426,645*   (208,846)* 13,363,959* 19,197,755       697,020 19,894,775

      *              These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of HK$16,676,820,000 (2024: HK$14,683,433,000)
                     in the consolidate statement of financial position.
                                                                                                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025                                                                  137


                                                                                                         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                                          Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                      Cash                                               Shares
                                                               Share      Share                                        flow Exchange                  Fair              held for Awarded              Put                              Non-
                                                 Issued     premium       option       Capital Reserve               hedge fluctuation               value     Other the Award         share       option   Retained             controlling       Total
                                                 capital     account reserve reserve                   funds reserve reserve reserve reserve Scheme reserve                                       reserve     profits      Total interests        equity
                                               HK$’000      HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000                                                      HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000         HK$’000
                                              (Note 37)    (Note 37) (Note 39(i)) (Note 39(ii)) (Note 39(iii)) (Note 39(v))                                           (Note 38) (Note 39(iv))

At 1 January 2024                             2,507,569 4,212,723         46,234      443,400 1,028,449           (26,705) (861,271)         72,853       151,747      (190,135)     216,299    (208,846) 9,315,337 16,707,654      598,432 17,306,086
Profit for the year                                   –         –              –            –         –                 –         –               –             –             –            –           – 1,759,366 1,759,366         89,145 1,848,511
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
  for the year:
  Cash flow hedges                                    –           –            –             –            –      105,455             –             –             –            –             –           –          –    105,455       3,568     109,023
  Exchange differences on
     translation of foreign operations                –           –            –             –            –             –     (853,313)            –             –            –             –           –          –    (853,313) (160,586) (1,013,899)
  Reclassification of exchange differences
     for foreign operations disposed of or
     liquidated                                       –           –            –             –            –             –         (636)            –             –            –             –           –          –        (636)         53        (583)
  Reclassification of exchange differences
     and other comprehensive income for
     associates deemed partial disposal
     or disposed of                                   –           –            –             –            –             –          107             –       (5,781)            –             –           –          –      (5,674)          –      (5,674)
  Reclassification of exchange differences
     and other comprehensive loss
     for joint ventures disposal of or
     liquidated                                       –           –            –             –            –             –        3,381             –        1,312             –             –           –          –      4,693            –       4,693
  Change in fair value of financial
     assets at fair value through other
     comprehensive income, net of tax                 –           –            –             –            –             –            –        (2,063)            –            –             –           –          –      (2,063)          –      (2,063)
  Change in fair value of equity
     investments designated at fair value
     through other comprehensive income,
     net of tax                                       –           –            –             –            –             –            –       15,981              –            –             –           –          –     15,981            –     15,981
  Share of other comprehensive income
     of associates and a joint venture                –           –            –             –            –             –            –             –        8,266             –             –           –          –      8,266            –       8,266

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for
  the year                                            –           –            –             –            –      105,455      (850,461)      13,918         3,797             –             –           – 1,759,366 1,032,075        (67,820)   964,255
Dividends paid to non-controlling
  shareholders                                        –           –            –             –            –             –            –             –             –            –             –           –          –           –     (29,364)    (29,364)
Capital injection in subsidiaries from
  a non wholly-owned entity                           –           –            –       31,209             –             –            –             –             –            –             –           –          –     31,209      (31,209)          –
Disposal or liquidation of subsidiaries               –           –            –            –             –             –            –             –             –            –             –           –          –          –        2,011       2,011
Share of capital reserves of associates
  and joint ventures                                  –           –            –       (19,636)           –             –            –             –             –            –             –           –          –     (19,636)          –     (19,636)
Issue of shares upon exercise of share
  options (note 37)                              4,577      16,465        (4,698)            –            –             –            –             –             –            –             –           –         –      16,344            –     16,344
Forfeiture of share options during the year          –           –       (47,057)            –            –             –            –             –             –            –             –           –    47,057           –            –          –
Issue of shares under the 2008 Share
  Award Scheme (note 38)                         8,789            –            –             –            –             –            –             –             –       (8,789)            –           –          –           –           –           –
Employee share-based compensation
  benefits under the Share Award
  Schemes (note 38)                                   –           –            –             –            –             –            –             –             –            –       96,832            –          –     96,832            –     96,832
Vesting of shares under the 2008 Share
  Award Scheme (note 38)                              –           –            –             –            –             –            –             –             –      63,881      (132,237)           –          –     (68,356)          –     (68,356)
Purchase of shares for the 2023 Share
  Award Scheme                                        –           –            –             –            –             –            –             –             –     (199,985)            –           –          – (199,985)             –    (199,985)
2023 final dividend paid                              –    (391,769)           –             –            –             –            –             –             –            –             –           –          – (391,769)             –    (391,769)
Transfer from retained profits                        –           –            –             –      151,881             –            –             –             –            –             –           –   (151,881)       –              –           –
Transfer from share option reserve to
  retained earnings                                   –           –        5,521             –            –             –            –             –             –            –             –           –     (5,521)          –           –           –

At 31 December 2024                           2,520,935 3,837,419*             –* 454,973* 1,180,330*             78,750* (1,711,732)*       86,771* 155,544* (335,028)* 180,894* (208,846)* 10,964,358* 17,204,368                 472,050 17,676,418
138   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                         2025         2024
                                                                             Notes    HK$’000      HK$’000


       CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
       Profit before tax                                                             3,304,296    2,514,523
       Adjustments for:
         Finance costs                                                        6       790,452      786,914
         Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                (155,873)     (113,875)
         Unrealised (loss)/profit of transaction with a joint venture                   (6,638)       7,950
         Deemed gain on partial disposal of an associate                     5, 7       (4,846)        (217)
         Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                 5, 7            –      (59,186)
         Gain on bargain purchase of a subsidiary                            5, 7            –      (12,123)
         (Gain)/loss on disposal of items of property, plant and
           equipment, net                                                     7        (14,754)      10,127
         (Gain)/loss on disposal of items of other intangible assets, net     7         (3,081)       3,672
         Loss/(gain) on disposal of items of right-of-use assets, net         7            489      (11,623)
         Loss/(gain) on disposal of items of other deferred assets, net       7             12         (243)
         Gain on disposal of associates                                      5, 7       (3,235)      (8,035)
         Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                    5, 7         (510)     (52,807)
         (Gain)/loss on liquidation of subsidiaries                           7         (8,623)         221
         Gain on liquidation of an associate                                 5, 7           (1)           –
         Loss on liquidation of a joint venture                               7              –        3,381
         Gain on remeasurement and deemed disposal of previously
           held interests in step acquisition of a subsidiary                5, 7        (172)            –
         Interest income                                                     5, 7    (432,246)     (773,444)
         Fair value losses/(gains) on derivative financial instruments –
           transactions not qualifying as hedges                              7          2,439      (92,266)
         Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit
           or loss – equity investment                                       5, 7       (3,882)      (5,332)
         Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit
           or loss – trust products and financial products                   5, 7      (61,738)     (35,358)
         Fair value losses on call options and put options                    7         48,423       44,445
         Realised gains on settlement of financial assets at fair value
           through profit or loss                                            5, 7     (30,693)     (21,590)
         Loss/(gain) related to put option                                     7          842      (65,194)
         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                        13      418,310      382,840
         Foreign exchange difference, net                                             (14,127)        (210)
         Impairment of items of other intangible assets                       17          109       30,179
         Impairment of items of property, plant and equipment                 13        1,867        2,084
         Impairment of goodwill                                               16            –      127,910
         Depreciation of investment properties                                14       11,915       14,679
         Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                 15(a)    193,662      202,672
         Amortisation of other intangible assets                              17      595,544      518,603
         Amortisation of other deferred assets                                7       154,445       36,530
         Employee share-based compensation benefits under the
           Share Award Schemes                                                7       263,009       82,531


       Cash inflow before working capital changes                                    5,045,395    3,517,758
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   139


                                                      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000


Increase in inventories                                                        (7,000,470)      (4,372,961)
Increase in trade receivables                                                    (884,198)      (7,569,292)
Decrease/(increase) in bills receivable                                         1,106,836       (1,057,692)
Decrease/(increase) in contract assets                                            324,488         (246,721)
Increase in other deferred assets and other long-term receivables              (1,022,296)        (122,301)
Decrease/(increase) in pledged time deposits                                      174,170         (626,755)
(Increase)/decrease in prepayments,
   other receivables and other assets                                          (1,390,159)      1,166,983
Increase in trade payables                                                      4,985,207       8,069,235
Increase in bills payable                                                       6,445,208       1,056,621
(Decrease)/increase in other payables and accruals                             (2,069,457)      3,238,770
Increase in provisions                                                            243,819         121,752
Increase in other long-term payables                                               42,645           48,987
Increase in other non-current liabilities                                         253,555         257,545


Cash generated from operations                                                  6,254,743       3,481,929
Interest received                                                                 147,242         351,507
Interest paid                                                                    (501,876)        (510,096)
Interest element of lease payments                                                (18,440)         (19,794)
Income taxes paid                                                                (959,098)        (673,149)


Net cash flows from operating activities                                        4,922,571       2,630,397
140   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                2025          2024
                                                                             HK$’000       HK$’000


       CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
       Interest received                                                     278,390       467,084
       Dividends received                                                     30,026        53,546
       Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                   (502,638)    (525,133)
       Prepayment of right-of-use assets                                       (7,203)       (5,756)
       Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment       48,079         6,721
       Proceeds from disposal/(purchase) of financial assets at
         fair value through profit or loss, net                              722,817     (1,839,619)
       Purchase of debt investments at amortised costs                           (883)    (195,856)
       Acquisition of subsidiaries                                           (106,250)      (59,089)
       Investment in an associate                                                   –       (21,848)
       Capital withdrawals from associates                                      1,176        6,928
       Disposal of subsidiaries                                              246,312        (91,179)
       Proceeds from disposal of associates                                   35,377        75,223
       Proceeds from disposal of a joint venture                              28,445        56,889
       Additions of other intangible assets                                  (439,799)    (362,542)
       Disposal of other intangible assets                                       718              –
       Additions of other deferred assets                                    (418,246)    (378,462)
       Withdrawal of pledged time deposits                                      3,370        6,371
       Disposal/(purchase) of equity investments designated at fair
         value through other comprehensive income                             29,273        (24,205)
       Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss –
         equity investment                                                          –       (33,060)
       Advance from related parties of TCL Industries Holdings               190,999       689,607


       Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities                    139,963     (2,174,380)
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   141


                                                       Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                   Note          HK$’000          HK$’000


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issue of shares upon exercise of share options                             –          16,344
Interest paid                                                                    (306,812)        (261,768)
Principal portion of lease payments                                              (181,719)        (193,245)
Purchase of shares for the Share Award Scheme                                    (447,471)        (199,985)
Purchase of debt investments at amortised costs                                  (108,820)                –
New bank and other loans                                                      17,630,219       11,951,014
Repayment of bank and other loans                                            (16,263,874)     (13,093,239)
Increase in pledged deposits                                                       (1,690)                –
Dividends paid                                                                   (801,662)        (403,348)
Dividends paid to former shareholder of a subsidiary                                     –        (124,873)
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                                           –         (29,364)


Net cash flows used in financing activities                                      (481,829)      (2,338,464)


NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                            4,580,705       (1,882,447)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                              8,771,691      10,736,877
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                      169,738          (82,739)


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                      13,522,134        8,771,691


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                              28        14,028,459        9,441,601
Less: Restricted cash and pledged deposits                          28          (506,325)        (669,910)


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated
  financial position and consolidated statement of cash flows                 13,522,134        8,771,691
142   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
            TCL Electronics Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in the
            Cayman Islands. The registered address of the Company is P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand
            Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. The Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong is
            located at 5th Floor, Building 22E, 22 Science Park East Avenue, Hong Kong Science Park, Shatin, New
            Territories, Hong Kong.


            During the year, the Group and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) were mainly
            involved in the manufacture and sale of television (“TV”) sets, smartphones, smart mobile and
            connective devices, smart commercial display and smart home products, all-category marketing,
            photovoltaic business and the provision of internet platform operating services.


            In the opinion of the directors of the Company, T.C.L. Industries Holdings (H.K.) Limited (“T.C.L.
            Industries (H.K.)”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong, is the immediate holding company of
            the Company. In the first quarter of 2019, a restructuring occurred whereby TCL Technology Group
            Corporation (“TCL Technology”, formerly known as TCL Corporation) spun off and transferred, among
            others, all its equity interests in T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) to TCL Industries Holdings Co., Limited (“TCL
            Industries Holdings”), a limited liability company registered in the People’s Republic of China (the
            “PRC”). Accordingly, the ultimate holding company of the Company has changed to TCL Industries
            Holdings following the completion of such restructuring. As certain shareholders of TCL Industries
            Holdings are the management of TCL Technology, TCL Technology remained a related party of the
            Group.


            Information about subsidiaries
            Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:


                                                         Place of
                                                   incorporation/   Issued ordinary/        % of equity
                                                 registration and   registered share      attributable to
              Name                                       business            capital       the Company           Principal activities
                                                                                       Direct      Indirect


              TCL Commercial Information                   PRC/     RMB100,000,000         –           100         Trading of smart
                Technology (Huizhou) Limited#   Chinese mainland                                                 commercial display
                                                                                                                           products

              Guangzhou Kuyu Network                       PRC/     RMB100,000,000         –           100    Trading of TV products
                Technology Co., Ltd.#           Chinese mainland

              TCL Smart Home Technologies             Hong Kong     RMB135,670,000         –           100         Trading of smart
                Co., Limited                                                                                     commercial display
                                                                                                                           products

              Guangzhou Digital Rowa                       PRC/     RMB120,000,000         –            70        Manufacture of TV
                Technology Co., Ltd.**/#        Chinese mainland                                                          products
                                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025               143


                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                               31 December 2025




1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
   Information about subsidiaries (continued)
   Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


                                                Place of
                                          incorporation/       Issued ordinary/           % of equity
                                        registration and       registered share         attributable to
    Name                                        business                capital          the Company             Principal activities
                                                                                     Direct      Indirect


    Manufacturas Avanzadas, S.A. de.              Mexico       USD15,866,637             –           100          Manufacture of TV
     C.V.                                                                                                                 products

    TTE Corporation                         British Virgin         USD10,001           100             –          Investment holding
                                        Islands (“BVI”)/
                                              Hong Kong

    Shenzhen TCL New Technology                   PRC/          HK$10,000,000            –           100              Research and
      Co., Ltd.**                      Chinese mainland                                                        Development (“R&D”)
                                                                                                                     of TV products

    TCL Smart Device (Vietnam)                  Vietnam VND256,080,000,000               –           100    Manufacture and sale of
      Company Limited                                                                                                  TV products

    Huizhou TCL Electrical Appliances            PRC/        RMB2,430,000,000            –           100 Operation of a distribution
      Sales Co., Ltd.#                Chinese mainland                                                          network in the PRC

    TCL Electronics (HK) Limited             Hong Kong          HK$30,000,000            –           100      Trading of TV products
                                                                                                             and related components

    TCL Electronics (Thailand) Co.,             Thailand       THB255,000,000            –           100      Trading of TV products
      Limited                                                                                                   and components and
                                                                                                                         white goods

    TCL Holdings (BVI) Limited           BVI/Hong Kong             USD25,000           100             –          Investment holding

    TCL Belgium S.A.                             Belgium        EUR71,463,602            –           100          Investment holding

    TCL International Electronics        BVI/Hong Kong                   USD1          100             –          Investment holding
      (BVI) Limited

    TTE (North America) Holdings         BVI/Hong Kong                   USD1            –           100          Investment holding
      Limited
144   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
            Information about subsidiaries (continued)
            Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


                                                          Place of
                                                    incorporation/     Issued ordinary/        % of equity
                                                  registration and     registered share      attributable to
              Name                                        business              capital       the Company               Principal activities
                                                                                          Direct      Indirect


              TCL King Electrical Appliances                PRC/       HK$95,000,000          –           100            Manufacture of TV
                (Chengdu) Company Limited**/#    Chinese mainland                                                                products

              TCL King Electrical Appliances                PRC/     HK$1,723,564,481         –           100      Manufacture and sale of
                (Huizhou) Company Limited        Chinese mainland                                                TV products and trading of
                (“TCL King (Huizhou)”)**                                                                                       components

              TCL King Electrical Appliances                PRC/       HK$20,000,000          –           100            Manufacture of TV
                (Nanchang) Company               Chinese mainland                                                                products
                Limited**/#

              TCL Overseas Holdings Limited        BVI/Hong Kong                 USD1         –           100           Investment holding

              TCL Overseas Marketing Limited       BVI/Hong Kong                 USD1         –           100 Trading of TV products and
                                                                                                                         components and
                                                                                                                             white goods

              TTE Technology Inc.                             USA     USD129,433,108          –           100 Trading of TV products and
                                                                                                                         components and
                                                                                                                             white goods

              TCL Operations Polska SP. Z O.O.             Poland     PLN126,716,500          –           100            Manufacture of TV
                                                                                                                                 products

              TCL Optoelectronics Technology                PRC/      RMB576,000,000        100             –      Manufacture and sale of
                (Huizhou) Co., Ltd.*/#           Chinese mainland                                                         TV products and
                                                                                                                    trading of components

              TCL Intelligent Technology                    PRC/       RMB62,500,000          –           100 Trading of TV products and
                (Ningbo) Co., Ltd.#              Chinese mainland                                                 components and white
                                                                                                                                   goods

              TCL Communication Technology       Cayman Islands/     HK$1,278,984,118       100             –           Investment holding
                Holdings Limited                      Hong Kong
                                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 145


                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                              31 December 2025




1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
   Information about subsidiaries (continued)
   Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


                                                 Place of
                                           incorporation/   Issued ordinary/           % of equity
                                         registration and   registered share         attributable to
    Name                                         business            capital          the Company               Principal activities
                                                                                  Direct      Indirect


    Shenzhen Falcon Network                        PRC/     RMB121,621,629            –            82 R&D of software on smart
      Technology Co., Ltd. (“Falcon     Chinese mainland                                                TV devices and internet
      Network Technology”)**/#                                                                               platform operation

    Shenzhen Falcon Network Media                  PRC/      RMB15,000,000            –            82 R&D of software on smart
      Company Limited#                  Chinese mainland                                                TV devices and internet
                                                                                                             platform operation

    TCL SEMP Indústria e Comércio                  Brazil   BRL591,817,699            –            75      Manufacture and sale of
      de Eletroeletrônicos S.A. (“TCL                                                                       TV products and other
      SEMP”)                                                                                                  household appliance
                                                                                                                         products

    TCL Netherlands B.V. (“TCL NL”)          Netherlands        EUR500,000            –           100       Investment holding and
                                                                                                         trading of TV products and
                                                                                                             components and white
                                                                                                                              goods

    TCL Global Marketing Company              Hong Kong        HK$100,000             –           100 Trading of TV products and
      Limited (“TCL Global                                                                                       components and
      Marketing”)                                                                                                    white goods

    TCT Mobile International Limited          Hong Kong       HK$5,000,000            –           100         Distribution of mobile
                                                                                                         devices and other products
                                                                                                          and rendering of services

    Huizhou TCL Mobile                             PRC/     USD239,973,227            –           100              Manufacture and
      Communication Co., Ltd.*          Chinese mainland                                                      distribution of mobile
                                                                                                           devices and rendering of
                                                                                                                            services
146   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
            Information about subsidiaries (continued)
            Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


                                                            Place of
                                                      incorporation/     Issued ordinary/        % of equity
                                                    registration and     registered share      attributable to
              Name                                          business              capital       the Company              Principal activities
                                                                                            Direct      Indirect


              TCL Mobile Communication (HK)              Hong Kong     HK$2,269,191,450         –           100        Distribution of mobile
                Company Limited                                                                                          devices and related
                                                                                                                                 components

              TCL Digital Technology (Shenzhen)            PRC/          RMB49,966,904          –           100          Investment holding
                Company Limited#                Chinese mainland

              TCL Europe                                     France         EUR251,800          –           100 Trading of TV products and
                                                                                                                           components and
                                                                                                                               white goods

              TCT Mobile Europe SAS                          France      EUR23,031,072          –           100        Distribution of mobile
                                                                                                                                      devices

              TTE TECHNOLOGY INDIA PRIVATE                     India     INR242,500,000         –           100 Trading of TV products and
                LIMITED                                                                                                    components and
                                                                                                                               white goods

              TCT Mobile (US) Inc.                              USA                USD1         –           100        Distribution of mobile
                                                                                                                                      devices

              Ningbo Falcon Digital                           PRC/      RMB100,000,000          –           100    Provision of valued-added
                Entertainment Co., Ltd.#           Chinese mainland                                                      telecommunications
                                                                                                                       business and internet
                                                                                                                     cultural business in the
                                                                                                                                         PRC

              Huizhou TCL Photovoltaic                        PRC/      RMB600,000,000          –           100 Sale of photovoltaic power
                Technology Co., Ltd.#              Chinese mainland                                                    generating facilities

              Shaanxi TCL Photovoltaic                        PRC/       RMB60,000,000          –           100             Construction of
                Engineering Co., Ltd.#             Chinese mainland                                                      photovoltaic power
                                                                                                                                   stations

              TCL Electronics Chile SpA                        Chile   CLP9,116,250,000         –           100 Trading of TV products and
                (“TCL Chile”) (formerly known as                                                                           components and
                Radio Victoria TCL Chile SpA)                                                                                  white goods
                                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025                147


                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                             31 December 2025




1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
   Information about subsidiaries (continued)
   Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)

                                                 Place of
                                           incorporation/   Issued ordinary/           % of equity
                                         registration and   registered share         attributable to
       Name                                      business            capital          the Company              Principal activities
                                                                                  Direct      Indirect


       TCL SunPower Global B.V. (“TCL        Netherlands     USD26,021,942            –            90          Investment holding
         SunPower Global”) (formerly
         known as Lumetech B.V.)

       TCL Photovoltaic Technology                 PRC/     RMB430,000,000            –           100 Sale of photovoltaic power
         (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.#          Chinese mainland                                                     generating facilities

   *          Registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under the PRC law
   **         Registered as limited liability company (foreign investment, non-sole proprietorship) under the PRC law
   #
              The English names of these companies are not official and are the direct translation from their Chinese
              names for identification purposes only


   None of the above subsidiaries has debt securities.

   The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally
   affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of net assets of the Group or formed
   a material portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the
   opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.


2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES
2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
   These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards (which
   include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”)
   and Interpretations) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
   and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared
   under the historical cost convention, except for derivative financial instruments and certain financial
   assets and equity investments which have been measured at fair value. These financial statements
   are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except
   when otherwise indicated.


   Basis of consolidation
   The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
   subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2025. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured
   entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed,
   or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect
   those returns through its power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give the Group the current
   ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).
148   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)
            Basis of consolidation (continued)
            Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company
            has, directly or indirectly less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group
            considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee,
            including:


            (a)    the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


            (b)    rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


            (c)    the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


            The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the
            Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the
            date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such
            control ceases.


            Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of
            the parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling
            interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses
            and cash flows relating to the transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on
            consolidation.


            The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
            there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the
            ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.


            If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill) and
            liabilities, any non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve and recognises the fair
            value of any investment retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share
            of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss
            or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly
            disposed of the related assets or liabilities.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   149


                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                          31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
   The Group has adopted amendments to HKAS 21 Lack of Exchangeability for the first time for the
   current year’s financial statements. The Group has not early adopted any other standard or amendment
   that has been issued but is not yet effective.


   Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable
   into another currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when
   exchangeability is lacking. The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of
   financial statements to understand the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. As the currencies
   that the Group had transacted in and the functional currencies of overseas subsidiaries for translation
   into the Group’s presentation currency were exchangeable, the amendments did not have any
   significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


   In addition, the HKICPA has issued amendments to Illustrative Examples on HKFRS 7, HKFRS 18,
   HKAS 1, HKAS 8, HKAS 36 and HKAS 37 Disclosures about Uncertainties in the Financial Statements,
   which added illustrative examples in the corresponding HKFRS Accounting Standards. These examples
   reflect existing requirements in the corresponding HKFRS Accounting Standards to report the effects of
   uncertainties in the financial statements using climate-related examples. Therefore, the amendments
   do not have an effective date or transitional provisions.
150   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
            The Group has not applied the following new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, that have
            been issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these
            new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.


            HKFRS 18                                          Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 2
            HKFRS 19 and its amendments                       Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures 2
            Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                Financial Instruments 1
            Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity 1
            Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                Associate or Joint Venture 3
            Amendments to HKAS 21                             Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency 2
            Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting           Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS
                Standards – Volume 11                           10 and HKAS 7 1

            1
                    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
            2
                    Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
            3
                    No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


            Further information about those HKFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable to the
            Group is described below.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   151


                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                         31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
    (continued)
   HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections have
   been brought forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new requirements for
   presentation within the statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities
   are required to classify all income and expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of
   the five categories: operating, investing, financing, income taxes and discontinued operations and to
   present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures about management-defined performance
   measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements on the grouping (aggregation and
   disaggregation) and the location of information in both the primary financial statements and the
   notes. Some requirements previously included in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies,
   Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of
   Financial Statements. As a consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable,
   amendments are made to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, HKAS 33 Earnings per Share and HKAS
   34 Interim Financial Reporting. In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to other HKFRS
   Accounting Standards. HKFRS 18 and the consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting
   Standards are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier application
   permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the new requirements
   and assessing the impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of the Group’s financial
   statements.


   HKFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still applying
   the recognition, measurement and presentation requirements in other HKFRS Accounting Standards. To
   be eligible, at the end of the reporting period, an entity must be a subsidiary as defined in HKFRS 10
   Consolidated Financial Statements, cannot have public accountability and must have a parent (ultimate
   or intermediate) that prepares consolidated financial statements available for public use which comply
   with HKFRS Accounting Standards or IFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS 19 was amended in April 2025
   to include IFRS Accounting Standards in the eligibility criteria for applying the standard. The standard
   was further amended in October 2025 to (i) remove disclosure objectives from HKFRS 19; (ii) reduce
   the disclosure requirements relating to supplier finance arrangements and a specific class of financial
   liabilities; and (iii) replace disclosure requirements relating to management-defined performance
   measures with a cross-reference to HKFRS 18 for entities that use these measures. Earlier application
   is permitted. As the Company is a listed company, it is not eligible to elect to apply HKFRS 19 and its
   amendments.
152   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
          (continued)
            Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
            Instruments clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is derecognised and
            introduce an accounting policy option to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an
            electronic payment system before the settlement date if specified criteria are met. The amendments
            clarify how to assess the contractual cash flow characteristics of financial assets with environmental,
            social and governance and other similar contingent features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the
            requirements for classifying financial assets with non-recourse features and contractually linked
            instruments. The amendments also include additional disclosures for investments in equity instruments
            designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial instruments with contingent
            features. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained
            profits (or other component of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not required to
            be restated and can only be restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all the
            amendments at the same time or only the amendments related to the classification of financial assets
            is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial
            statements.


            Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify
            the application of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation
            requirements for a hedged item in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The
            amendments also include additional disclosures that enable users of financial statements to
            understand the effects these contracts have on an entity’s financial performance and future cash
            flows. The amendments relating to the own-use exception shall be applied retrospectively. Prior periods
            are not required to be restated and can only be restated without the use of hindsight. The amendments
            relating to the hedge accounting shall be applied prospectively to new hedging relationships designated
            on or after the date of the initial application. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments to
            HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 shall be applied at the same time. The amendments are not expected to have
            any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


            Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in
            HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and
            its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting
            from a downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets constitutes a business. For
            a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from the
            transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investor’s
            interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. The
            previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 was removed by the
            HKICPA. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   153


                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                        31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
    (continued)
   Amendments to HKAS 21 Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency require the
   translation from a non-hyperinflationary functional currency into a hyperinflationary presentation
   currency at the closing rate. The amendments also require an entity whose functional currency and
   presentation currency are the currency of a hyperinflationary economy to restate the comparative
   amounts of a foreign operation whose functional currency is that of a non-hyperinflationary economy,
   by applying the general price index, in accordance with paragraph 34 of HKAS 29 Financial Reporting in
   Hyperinflationary Economies, to the foreign operation’s comparative figures. The amendments introduce
   certain additional disclosures. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to
   have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


   Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 set out amendments to HKFRS 1,
   HKFRS 7 (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7), HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS
   7. Details of the amendments that are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:


   •     HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: The amendments have updated certain wording
         in paragraph B38 of HKFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on
         implementing HKFRS 7 for the purpose of simplification or achieving consistency with other
         paragraphs in the standard and/or with the concepts and terminology used in other standards.
         In addition, the amendments clarify that the Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7 does not
         necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced paragraphs of HKFRS 7 nor does
         it create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not
         expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


   •     HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments: The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined
         that a lease liability has been extinguished in accordance with HKFRS 9, the lessee is required
         to apply paragraph 3.3.3 of HKFRS 9 and recognise any resulting gain or loss in profit or
         loss. However, the amendments do not address how a lessee distinguishes between a lease
         modification as defined in HKFRS 16 and an extinguishment of a lease liability in accordance
         with HKFRS 9. In addition, the amendments have updated certain wording in paragraph 5.1.3
         of HKFRS 9 and Appendix A of HKFRS 9 to remove potential confusion. Earlier application is
         permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s
         financial statements.
154   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
          (continued)
            •        HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements: The amendments clarify that the relationship
                     described in paragraph B74 of HKFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that
                     might exist between the investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the investor,
                     which removes the inconsistency with the requirement in paragraph B73 of HKFRS 10. Earlier
                     application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on
                     the Group’s financial statements.


            •        HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows: The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at
                     cost” in paragraph 37 of HKAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost method”.
                     Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any impact on the
                     Group’s financial statements.


      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
            Investments in associates and joint ventures
            An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of
            the equity voting rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power
            to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint
            control over those policies.


            A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
            arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed
            sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities
            require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.


            The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of
            financial position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any
            impairment losses. Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may
            exist.


            The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and
            joint ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
            income. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate
            or joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated
            statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the
            Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in
            the associates or joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of
            the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included
            as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint ventures.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     155


                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
   If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained
   interest is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity
   method. In all other cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over
   the joint venture, the Group measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any
   difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant
   influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is
   recognised in profit or loss.


   When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for
   in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.


   Business combinations and goodwill
   Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred
   is measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of
   assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree
   and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business
   combination, the Group elects whether to measure at the acquisition date components of non-
   controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
   share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of
   the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured
   at their acquisition-date fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


   The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets
   includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create
   outputs.


   When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed
   for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic
   circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of
   embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.


   If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at
   its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.
156   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Business combinations and goodwill (continued)
            Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the
            acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value
            with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as
            equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.


            Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration
            transferred, the amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s
            previously held equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
            assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets
            acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain
            purchase.


            After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill
            is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
            the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31
            December. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from
            the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of
            CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other
            assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.


            Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) to which
            the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) is less than the
            carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not
            reversed in a subsequent period.


            Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU (or group of CGUs) and part of the operation within that
            unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying
            amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in
            these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the
            portion of the CGU retained.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   157


                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Fair value measurement
   The Group measures its certain financial assets, derivative financial instruments, and equity
   investments at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be
   received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
   participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that
   the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for
   the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the
   asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The
   fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would
   use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best
   interest.


   A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
   generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
   market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.


   The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient
   data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and
   minimising the use of unobservable inputs.


   All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
   categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is
   significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:


   Level 1     –   based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
   Level 2     –   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the
                   fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
   Level 3     –   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the
                   fair value measurement is unobservable


   For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the
   Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing
   categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a
   whole) at the end of each reporting period.
158   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Impairment of non-financial assets
            Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for a non-financial asset
            is required (other than inventories, contract assets, deferred tax assets, investment properties, and
            non-current assets/a disposal group classified as held for sale), the asset’s recoverable amount is
            estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or CGU’s value-in-use and its
            fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not
            generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets,
            in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset
            belongs. In testing a CGU for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g.,
            a headquarters building) is allocated to an individual CGU if it can be allocated on a reasonable and
            consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of CGUs.


            An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable
            amount. In assessing value-in-use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
            value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
            money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit or
            loss in the period in which it arises.


            An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication
            that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an
            indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of
            an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to
            determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount
            that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss
            been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to the
            statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025      159


                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Related parties
   A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


   (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


         (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


         (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


         (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


   or


   (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


         (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


         (ii)     one entity is an associate or a joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary
                  or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);


         (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


         (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
                  third entity;


         (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                  Group or an entity related to the Group;


         (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


         (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the
                  key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


         (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                  personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.
160   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
            Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated
            depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment
            comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working
            condition and location for its intended use.


            Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such
            as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.
            In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is
            capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property,
            plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as
            individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.


            Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant
            and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for
            this purpose are as follows:


            Freehold land                            2.1%
            Buildings                                2% to 10%
            Leasehold improvements                   20% to 50% or over the lease terms whichever is shorter
            Plant and machinery                      5% to 50%
            Furniture, fixtures and equipment        10% to 50%
            Motor vehicles                           16.7% to 25%


            Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that
            item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately.
            Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at
            least at each financial year end.


            An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is
            derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.
            Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the
            asset is derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the
            relevant asset.


            Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is
            reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for
            use.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     161


                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Investment properties
   Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including right-of-use assets) held to earn
   rental income and/or for capital appreciation. Such properties are measured and stated at cost,
   including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost,
   less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses.


   Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in the
   statement of profit or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.


   Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of investment
   properties to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this
   purpose are as follows:


   Buildings                                2% to 3.33%
   Leasehold land                           Over the lease terms


   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
   Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible
   assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives
   of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are
   subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is
   an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation
   method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.


   Patents and licences
   Purchased patents and licences with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are
   amortised on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives 3 to 20 years.


   Purchased patents and licences with indefinite useful lives are stated at cost less any identified
   impairment losses.


   Trademarks
   Purchased trademarks with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised
   on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 10 to 40 years.
162   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (continued)
            Customer relationships
            Purchased customer relationships with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and
            are amortised on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 4 to 14.3 years.


            Computer software
            Purchased computer software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the
            straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of 2 to 10 years.


            Research and development costs
            All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.


            Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products and software is capitalised and deferred only
            when the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it
            will be available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how
            the asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project
            and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development
            expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.


            Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on a
            systematic basis with reference to projected production volume, upon future sales volume of related
            products.


            Leases
            The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
            contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period
            of time in exchange for consideration.


            The Group as a lessee
            The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term
            leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments
            and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   163


                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                        31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as a lessee (continued)
   (a)   Right-of-use assets
         Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date
         the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any
         accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement
         of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities
         recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the
         commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on
         a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the
         assets as follow:


         Leasehold land                                       20 to 99 years
         Plant and properties                                 1 (non-inclusive) to 25 years
         Motor vehicles and other equipment                   2 to 5 years


         If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost
         reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful
         life of the asset.


   (b)   Lease liabilities
         Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of
         lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments
         (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease
         payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual
         value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option
         reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination of
         a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The
         variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense
         in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.


         In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing
         rate (“IBR”) at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease
         is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is
         increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In
         addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a
         change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments
         resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase
         the underlying asset.


         The Group’s lease liabilities are separately disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial
         position.
164   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as a lessee (continued)
            (c)    Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                   The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of
                   machinery and equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less
                   from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). When the Group enters
                   into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease
                   on a lease-by-lease basis. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                   are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


            The Group as a lessor
            When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification)
            each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.


            Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to
            ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-
            lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a
            relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the
            lease terms and is included in other income in profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct
            costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the
            leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents
            are recognised as other income in the period in which they are earned.


            Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying
            assets to the lessee are accounted for as finance leases.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    165


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                           31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Investments and other financial assets
   Initial recognition and measurement
   Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair
   value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.


   The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual
   cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of
   trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has
   applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the
   Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus in the case of a financial asset not at
   fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant
   financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the
   transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue
   recognition” below.


   In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through
   other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
   and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are
   not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business
   model.


   The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial
   assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result
   from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified
   and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial
   assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair
   value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both
   holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the
   aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.


   Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
   established by regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is,
   the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.
166   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Investments and other financial assets (continued)
            Subsequent measurement
            The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


            Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
            Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and
            are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the
            asset is derecognised, modified or impaired.


            Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt
            instruments)
            For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign
            exchange revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit
            or loss and computed in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The
            remaining fair value changes are recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the
            cumulative fair value change recognised in other comprehensive income is recycled to the statement of
            profit or loss.


            Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive
            income (equity investments)
            Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity
            investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the
            definition of equity under HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The
            classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.


            Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss.
            Dividends are recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment
            has been established, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the
            cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income.
            Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income are not subject to
            impairment assessment.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   167


                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Investments and other financial assets (continued)
   Subsequent measurement (continued)
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at
   fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


   This category includes certain trade receivables, other receivables, derivative instruments and equity
   investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other
   comprehensive income. Dividends on the equity investments are also recognised as other income in
   the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.


   A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated
   from the host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are
   not closely related to the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative
   would meet the definition of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through
   profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised
   in the statement of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is a change in the terms of the
   contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification
   of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.


   A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for
   separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified
   in its entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.
168   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Derecognition of financial assets
            A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial
            assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e. removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
            position) when:


            •      the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


            •      the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
                   obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a
                   “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks
                   and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all
                   the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.


            When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a
            pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards
            of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks
            and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the
            transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also
            recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a
            basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.


            Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at
            the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that
            the Group could be required to repay.


            Impairment of financial assets
            The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not
            held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash
            flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
            discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will
            include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the
            contractual terms.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     169


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
   General approach
   ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant
   increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from
   default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit
   exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss
   allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of
   the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).


   At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
   increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the
   risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
   occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and
   supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-
   looking information.


   The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 180 days past due.
   However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal
   or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual
   amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset
   is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.


   Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised
   cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following
   stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the
   simplified approach as detailed below.


   Stage 1    –   Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                  recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                  12-month ECLs


   Stage 2    –   Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                  recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss
                  allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs


   Stage 3    –   Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not
                  purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at
                  an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
170   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (continued)
            Simplified approach
            For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or
            when the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing
            component, the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified
            approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance
            based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that
            is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
            debtors and the economic environment.


            Financial liabilities
            Initial recognition and measurement
            Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit
            or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an
            effective hedge, as appropriate.


            All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
            payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.


            The Group’s financial liabilities include trade payables, bills payable, derivative financial instruments,
            lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, financial liabilities included in other
            payables and accruals, other long-term payables and financial liability associated with put option.


            Subsequent measurement
            The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
            Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing
            in the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the
            Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by HKFRS 9.
            Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as
            effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in profit or
            loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in profit or loss does not include any interest charged
            on these financial liabilities.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   171


                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial liabilities (continued)
   Subsequent measurement (continued)
   Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade payables, other payables,
   bills payable and borrowings)
   After initial recognition, trade payables, other payables, bills payable and interest-bearing borrowings
   are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the
   effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses
   are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective
   interest rate amortisation process.


   Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or
   costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is
   included in finance costs in profit or loss.


   Financial liability associated with put option over non-controlling
   interests
   Put option written to non-controlling interest (“NCI put”) is a financial instrument granted by the Group
   whereby the counterparty may have the right to request the Group to purchase their equity interests
   in the Group’s non-wholly-own subsidiaries for cash or other financial assets when certain conditions
   are met. If the Group does not have the unconditional right to avoid delivering cash or other financial
   assets under the put option, the Group has to initially recognise a financial liability at the present
   value of the estimated future cash outflows under the put option. Subsequently, if the Group revises
   its estimates of payments, the Group adjusts the carrying amount of the financial liability to reflect
   actual and revised estimated cash outflows. At the end of each reporting period, the Group recalculates
   the carrying amount by computing the present value of revised estimated future cash outflows at the
   financial instrument’s original effective interest rate and the adjustment to its carrying amount is to be
   recognised as income or expenses in profit or loss. If the put option expires without being exercised,
   the carrying amount of the liability is reclassified as equity.


   The put option liabilities are non-current liabilities unless the put option first becomes exercisable 12
   months after the end of the reporting period.
172   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Derecognition of financial liabilities
            A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or
            expires.


            When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially
            different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or
            modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability,
            and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or
            loss.


            Offsetting of financial instruments
            Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement
            of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts
            and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities
            simultaneously.


            Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
            Initial recognition and subsequent measurement
            The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts, to hedge its
            foreign currency risk. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the
            date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value.
            Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is
            negative.


            Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivatives are taken directly to the statement
            of profit or loss, except for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognised in other
            comprehensive income and later reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged item affects profit or
            loss.


            For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:


            •       fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset
                    or liability or an unrecognised firm commitment; or


            •       cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable
                    to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast
                    transaction, or a foreign currency risk in an unrecognised firm commitment; or


            •       hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    173


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                           31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
   Initial recognition and subsequent measurement (continued)
   At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge
   relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting, the risk management objective and
   its strategy for undertaking the hedge.


   The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of
   the risk being hedged and how the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge
   effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of sources of hedge ineffectiveness and how the
   hedge ratio is determined). A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of the
   following effectiveness requirements:


   •     There is “an economic relationship” between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.


   •     The effect of credit risk does not “dominate the value changes” that result from that economic
         relationship.


   •     The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
         hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
         Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.


   Hedges which meet all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for as follows:


   Cash flow hedges
   The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instruments is recognised directly in other
   comprehensive income in the cash flow hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised
   immediately in the statement of profit or loss. The cash flow hedge reserve is adjusted to the lower of
   the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument and the cumulative change in fair value of the
   hedged item.


   The amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income are accounted for, depending on the nature
   of the underlying hedged transaction. If the hedged transaction subsequently results in the recognition
   of a non-financial item, the amount accumulated in equity is removed from the separate component
   of equity and included in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the hedged asset or liability. This
   is not a reclassification adjustment and will not be recognised in other comprehensive income for the
   period. This also applies where the hedged forecast transaction of a non-financial asset or non-financial
   liability subsequently becomes a firm commitment to which fair value hedge accounting is applied.
174   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
            Cash flow hedges (continued)
            For any other cash flow hedges, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is reclassified
            to the statement of profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment in the same period or periods during
            which the hedged cash flows affect the statement of profit or loss.


            If cash flow hedge accounting is discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in other
            comprehensive income must remain in accumulated other comprehensive income if the hedged future
            cash flows are still expected to occur. Otherwise, the amount will be immediately reclassified to the
            statement of profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment. After the discontinuation, once the hedged
            cash flow occurs, any amount remaining in accumulated other comprehensive income is accounted for
            depending on the nature of the underlying transaction as described above.


            Fair value hedges
            The change in the fair value of a hedging instrument is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
            The change in the fair value of the hedged item attributable to the risk hedged is recorded as a part of
            the carrying amount of the hedged item and is also recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


            For fair value hedges relating to items carried at amortised cost, the adjustment to carrying value
            is amortised through the statement of profit or loss over the remaining term of the hedge using the
            effective interest rate method. Effective interest rate amortisation may begin as soon as an adjustment
            exists and shall begin no later than when the hedged item ceases to be adjusted for changes in its fair
            value attributable to the risk being hedged. If the hedged item is derecognised, the unamortised fair
            value is recognised immediately in the statement of profit or loss.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     175


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Treasury shares
   Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares)
   are recognised directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase,
   sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments.


   Inventories
   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the
   weighted average basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct
   materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based
   on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal. Cost
   of inventories includes the transfer from equity of gains and losses on qualifying cash flow hedges in
   respect of the purchases of raw materials.


   Cash and cash equivalents
   Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks,
   and short-term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily
   convertible into known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held
   for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments.


   For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise
   cash on hand and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are
   repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.


   Provisions
   A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a
   past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation,
   provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.


   When the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognised
   as a separate asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense relating to a
   provision is presented in the statement of profit or loss net of any reimbursement.


   When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value
   at the end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the
   obligation. The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is
   included in finance costs in profit or loss.
176   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Provisions (continued)
            The Group provides for warranties in relation to the sale of certain TV and other products for general
            repairs of defects occurring during the warranty period. Provisions for these assurance-type warranties
            granted by the Group are initially recognised based on sales volume and past experience of the level
            of repairs and returns, discounted to their present values as appropriate. The warranty-related cost is
            revised annually.


            Income tax
            Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit
            or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


            Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid
            to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
            enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices
            prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.


            Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the
            reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial
            reporting purposes, except that deferred tax is not recognised for the Pillar Two income taxes.


            Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


            •      when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability
                   in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
                   neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable
                   and deductible temporary differences; and


            •      in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
                   associates and joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can
                   be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
                   future.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     177


                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Income tax (continued)
   Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
   unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it
   is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and
   the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:


   •      when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the
          initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and,
          at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and
          does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and


   •      in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
          associates and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is
          probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit
          will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.


   The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced
   to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all
   or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at
   the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that
   sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.


   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the
   period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have
   been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally
   enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets
   and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the
   same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and
   assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future
   period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or
   recovered.
178   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Government grants
            Government grants are recognised at their fair values where there is reasonable assurance that the
            grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an
            expense item except research and development cost item, it is deducted from the related expense on
            systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.


            Where the grant relates to an asset except research and development assets, the fair value is
            deducted from the carrying amount of the relevant asset and is released to profit or loss over the
            expected useful life of the relevant asset by way of a reduced depreciation charge.


            Where the grant relates to research and development asset or cost item, the fair value is credited to a
            deferred income account and is released to profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant
            asset or on systematic basis.


            Revenue recognition
            Revenue from contracts with customers
            Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred
            to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled
            in exchange for those goods or services.


            When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is
            estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to
            the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is
            highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will
            not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.


            When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant
            benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue
            is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that
            would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract
            inception. When the contract contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant
            financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest
            expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where the
            period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one
            year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component,
            using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     179


                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                           31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Revenue recognition (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   (a)   Sale of TV, mobile devices and other products
         Revenue from the sale of TV, mobile devices and other products is recognised at the point in
         time when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the TV,
         mobile devices and other products.


         Some contracts for the sale of TV, mobile devices and other products provide customers with
         volume rebates which giving rise to variable consideration.


         (i)    Rights of return
                For contracts which provide a customer with a right to return the goods within a specified
                period, the expected value method is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned
                because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which
                the Group will be entitled. The requirements in HKFRS 15 on constraining estimates
                of variable consideration are applied in order to determine the amount of variable
                consideration that can be included in the transaction price. For goods that are expected
                to be returned, instead of revenue, a refund liability is recognised. A right-of-return asset
                (and the corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognised for the right to
                recover products from a customer.


         (ii)   Volume rebates
                Retrospective volume rebates may be provided to certain customers once the quantity
                of products purchased during the period exceeds a threshold specified in the contract.
                Rebates are offset against amounts payable by the customer. To estimate the variable
                consideration for the expected future rebates, the most likely amount method is used for
                contracts with a single-volume threshold and the expected value method for contracts with
                more than one volume threshold. The selected method that best predicts the amount of
                variable consideration is primarily driven by the number of volume thresholds contained
                in the contract. The requirements on constraining estimates of variable consideration are
                applied and a refund liability for the expected future rebates is recognised.


   (b)   Construction services
         Revenue from the provision of construction services related to photovoltaic business is
         recognised over time, using an input method to measure progress towards complete satisfaction
         of the service, because the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the
         customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. The input method recognises revenue
         based on the proportion of the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated total costs for
         satisfaction of the construction services.
180   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Revenue recognition (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            (c)    Video-on-demand internet services
                   Video-on-demand internet services primarily offers customers to assess certain videos on the
                   internet platform. Revenue from video-on-demand services is recognised over the validity period
                   on a straight-line basis.


            (d)    Advertising, value-added and other services
                   Advertising, value-added and other services primarily offers smart terminal advertising exposure
                   and software promotion services. Revenue from advertising, value-added and other services is
                   recognised at the point in time when the services are rendered.


            (e)    Processing and technical service income
                   Revenue from rendering of processing service and technical service income are recognised at
                   the point in time upon the transfer of service outcome to customer.


            Revenue from other sources
            Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the
            rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial
            instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

            Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments
            that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which
            they are incurred.

            Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders' right to receive payment has been established,
            it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the
            amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.


            Contract assets
            If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before being unconditionally
            entitled to the consideration under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned
            consideration that is conditional. Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of
            which are included in the accounting policies for impairment of financial assets. They are reclassified
            to trade receivables when the right to the consideration becomes unconditional.


            Contract liabilities
            A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or the payment is due (whichever is
            earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities
            are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the
            related goods or services to the customer).
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   181


                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Share-based payments
   The Company operates the share option scheme adopted on 3 November 2023 (“2023 Share Option
   Scheme”) and share award schemes (the share award scheme adopted on 6 February 2008 and
   expired on 5 February 2023 (“2008 Share Award Scheme”) and the share award scheme adopted on 3
   November 2023 (“2023 Share Award Scheme”)). Employees (including directors) of the Group receive
   remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for
   equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”).


   The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at
   the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer using a binomial
   model.


   The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a
   corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions
   are fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each
   reporting period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and
   the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge
   or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative
   expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.


   Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant
   date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the
   Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance
   conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but
   without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting
   conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award
   unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.


   For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have
   not been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition,
   the transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is
   satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.


   Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as
   if the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense
   is recognised for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is
   otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.
182   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Share-based payments (continued)
            Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation,
            and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately.


            This includes any award where non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or
            the employee are not met. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is
            designated as a replacement award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are
            treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.


            The dilutive effect of outstanding equity-settled award is reflected as additional share dilution in the
            computation of earnings per share.


            Other employee benefits
            Pension schemes
            The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the
            “MPF Scheme”) in Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those
            employees who are eligible to participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions are made based on a
            percentage of the employees' basic salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they
            become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are
            held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s employer
            contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.


            The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the Chinese mainland and overseas are required
            to participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. Certain
            subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the pension
            schemes at the applicable rates based on the amounts stipulated by the local government
            organisations. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the pension schemes is to pay the
            required ongoing contributions. Contributions under the schemes are charged to profit or loss as they
            become payable in accordance with the rules of the pension schemes.


            Borrowing costs
            Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
            i.e. assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
            are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases
            when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are
            expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs
            that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     183


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2025




2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Events after the reporting period
   If the Group receives information after the reporting period, but prior to the date of authorisation for
   issue, about conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period, it will assess whether the
   information affects the amounts that it recognises in its financial statements. The Group will adjust
   the amounts recognised in its financial statements to reflect any adjusting events after the reporting
   period and update the disclosures that relate to those conditions in light of the new information. For
   non-adjusting events after the reporting period, the Group will not change the amounts recognised in its
   financial statements, but will disclose the nature of the non-adjusting events and an estimate of their
   financial effects, or a statement that such an estimate cannot be made, if applicable.


   Dividends
   Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
   meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.


   Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum
   and articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently,
   interim dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.


   Foreign currencies
   These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, which is the Company’s functional
   currency. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the
   financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency
   transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional
   currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated
   in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the
   reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in
   the statement of profit or loss.


   Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
   using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at
   fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair
   value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair
   value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e.
   translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive
   income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss,
   respectively).
184   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      2. ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Foreign currencies (continued)
            In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
            derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration,
            the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary
            asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments
            or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the
            advance consideration.


            The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are currencies
            other than the Hong Kong dollar. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of
            these entities are translated into Hong Kong dollar at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the
            reporting period and their statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income are translated
            into Hong Kong dollar at the accumulated average exchange rates for the year.


            The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
            in the exchange fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-
            controlling interests. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating
            to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


            Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the
            carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of
            the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.


            For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries
            are translated into Hong Kong dollar at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows.
            Frequently recurring cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated
            into Hong Kong dollar at the accumulated average exchange rates for the year.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    185


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2025




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements,
   estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and
   liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty
   about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material
   adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.


   Judgements
   In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following
   judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the
   amounts recognised in the financial statements:


   Estimation uncertainty
   The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end
   of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
   amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.


   Variable consideration for returns and volume rebates
   The Group estimates variable consideration to be included in the transaction price for the sale of TV,
   mobile devices and other products with volume rebates.


   The Group has developed a statistical model for forecasting sales returns. The model used the
   historical return data of each product to estimate expected return percentages. These percentages
   are applied to determine the expected value of the variable consideration. Any significant changes
   in experience as compared to historical return pattern will impact the expected return percentages
   estimated by the Group.


   The Group’s expected volume rebates are analysed on a per customer basis for contracts that are
   subject to a single volume threshold. Determining whether a customer is likely to be entitled to a
   rebate depends on the customer’s historical rebate entitlement and accumulated purchases to date.


   The Group applied a statistical model for estimating expected volume rebates for contracts with more
   than one volume threshold. The model uses the historical purchasing patterns and rebate entitlement
   of customers to determine the expected rebate percentages and the expected value of the variable
   consideration. Any significant changes in experience as compared to historical purchasing patterns and
   rebate entitlements of customers will impact the expected rebate percentages estimated by the Group.


   The Group updates its assessment of volume rebates monthly and the rebate allowances are adjusted
   accordingly. Estimates of volume rebates are sensitive to changes in circumstances and the Group’s
   past experience regarding rebate entitlements may not be representative of customers’ actual rebate
   entitlements in the future.
186   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
         (CONTINUED)
            Estimation uncertainty (continued)
            Impairment of goodwill
            The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an
            estimation of the value-in-use of the CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value-
            in-use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the CGUs
            and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash
            flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 2025 was HK$3,177,559,000 (2024:
            HK$2,947,380,000). Further details are given in note 16 to the financial statements.


            Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables, contract assets
            and other receivables
            The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables, contract assets and
            other receivables. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer
            segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by geography, product type, customer type and rating,
            and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of credit insurance).


            The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will
            calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For
            instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are expected to deteriorate
            over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the manufacturing sector, the
            historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are
            updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.


            The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic
            conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in
            circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and
            forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the
            future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables, contract assets and other
            receivables is disclosed in notes 22, 24 and 25 to the financial statements, respectively.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    187


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                           31 December 2025




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
   Estimation uncertainty (continued)
   Leases – Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
   The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an
   incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the
   Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary
   to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment.
   The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation when no
   observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions)
   or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (for example, when
   leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional currency). The Group estimates the IBR using observable
   inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific
   estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).


   Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)
   The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets
   (including the right-of-use assets) at the end of each reporting period. Indefinite life intangible assets
   are tested for impairment annually and at other times when such an indicator exists. Other non-financial
   assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be
   recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a CGU exceeds its recoverable
   amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value-in-use. The calculation
   of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in
   an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for
   disposing of the asset. When value-in-use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate
   the expected future cash flows from the asset or CGU and choose a suitable discount rate in order to
   calculate the present value of those cash flows.
188   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
         (CONTINUED)
            Estimation uncertainty (continued)
            Fair value of unlisted equity investments
            The unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a market-based valuation technique as
            detailed in note 48 to the financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the
            comparable public companies (peers) and select the price multiple. In addition, the Group makes
            estimates about the discount for illiquidity and size differences. The Group classifies the fair value of
            these investments as Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity investments as at 31 December
            2025 was HK$368,997,000 (2024: HK$362,895,000). Further details are included in note 20 to the
            financial statements.


            Fair value of financial instruments determined using valuation techniques
            Fair value of financial instruments, in the absence of an active market, is estimated by using
            appropriate valuation techniques. Such valuations were based on certain assumptions about credit
            risk, volatility and liquidity risks, associated with the instruments, which are subject to uncertainty and
            might materially differ from the actual results. Further details are included in note 48 to the financial
            statements.


            Useful lives and impairment of property, plant and equipment
            The Group determines the useful lives and related depreciation charges for its property, plant
            and equipment based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and
            equipment of similar nature and functions. The estimated useful lives could change significantly as a
            result of technical innovations and competitor actions in response to severe industry cycles.


            Management will increase the depreciation charge where useful lives are less than previously
            estimated, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been
            abandoned. Actual economic lives of property, plant and equipment may differ from estimated useful
            lives. Periodic review could result in a change in depreciable lives and, therefore, depreciation in the
            future periods.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   189


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                          31 December 2025




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
   Estimation uncertainty (continued)
   Provision against obsolete and slow-moving inventories
   The Group reviews the condition of its inventories and makes provision against obsolete and slow-
   moving inventory items which are identified as no longer suitable for sale or use. Management
   estimates the net realisable value for such inventories based primarily on the latest invoice prices and
   current market conditions. The Group carries out an inventory review at the end of the reporting period
   and makes provision against obsolete and slow-moving items. Management reassesses the estimation
   at the end of the reporting period.


   The provision against obsolete and slow-moving inventories requires the use of judgements and
   estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact on
   the carrying value of inventories and the write-down of inventories recognised in the periods in which
   such estimates have been changed.


   Warranty provisions
   As further explained in note 35 to the financial statements, the Group makes provisions for the
   warranties it gives on the sale of its products, taking into account the Group’s current sales levels and
   past experience of the level of repairs and returns. As the Group is continually upgrading its product
   designs and launching new models, it is possible that the past experience of the level of repairs and
   returns is not indicative of future claims that it will receive in respect of past sales. Any increase or
   decrease in the actual claims would affect profit or loss in future years.


   PRC corporate income tax
   The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. As a result of the fact that certain matters relating
   to the income taxes have not been confirmed by the local tax bureaus, objective estimates and
   judgements based on currently enacted tax laws, regulations and other related policies are required in
   determining the provision for income taxes to be made. Where the final tax outcome of these matters
   is different from the amounts originally recorded, the differences will impact on the income tax and tax
   provisions in the period in which the differences realise.
190   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
            For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their geographical TV
            segments and other product types and has six reportable operating segments as follows:


            (a)    TV segment – manufacture and sale of TV in:


                   –      TCL TV – the PRC market; and


                   –      TCL TV – the international market;


            (b)    Internet business segment – membership cards, video-on-demand, advertising, vertical
                   application and other new businesses;


            (c)    Smart mobile, connective devices and services segment – manufacture and sale of mobile
                   phones, smart connective products and smart mobile display and service;


            (d)    All-category marketing segment – distribution of TCL branded air conditioners, refrigerators,
                   washing machines and other household appliances;


            (e)    Photovoltaic business segment – sale of photovoltaic power generation equipment and systems,
                   provision of construction, operation and maintenance services and other new energy technology
                   businesses; and


            (f)    Smart commercial display, smart home and other businesses segment.


            The management of the Group monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for
            the purpose of making decisions about resources allocation and performance assessment. Segment
            performance is evaluated based on segment revenue and gross profit of each operating segment.
                                                                                                                                                TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025                                                                                        191


                                                                                                                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               31 December 2025




4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
   Information regarding these reportable segments, together with their related comparative information,
   is presented below.

                                                                                                                                                                                           Smart commercial display,
                                                                                                             Smart mobile, connective                                                       smart home, and other
                                                    TV                                Internet business        devices and services      All-Category marketing    Photovoltaic business          businesses                 Total                Eliminations            Consolidated
                           TCL TV – the PRC market TCL TV – international market
                                2025         2024         2025            2024         2025          2024        2025          2024         2025           2024       2025          2024        2025          2024        2025          2024      2025         2024       2025        2024
                            HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000   HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000


    Segment revenue:
      Sales to external
         customers         17,204,223 19,046,463 47,503,923 41,061,903             3,108,588    2,627,155 11,315,413       9,588,059 12,644,694 12,446,454 21,062,705 12,873,481           1,743,286     1,678,810 114,582,832 99,322,325       –           – 114,582,832 99,322,325
      Intersegment sales    3,670,571 3,912,606     150,773    352,190                28,606       24,695        107           4,360      7,425     25,141         33     48,780                 127       165,006 3,857,642 4,532,778 (3,857,642) (4,532,778)          –          –


    Total                  20,874,794 22,959,069 47,654,696 41,414,093             3,137,194    2,651,850 11,315,520       9,592,419 12,652,119 12,471,595 21,062,738 12,922,261           1,743,413     1,843,816 118,440,474 103,855,103 (3,857,642) (4,532,778) 114,582,832 99,322,325


    Gross profit            3,731,093   3,762,689        7,165,147   5,536,260     1,752,896    1,476,050    1,810,977     1,585,967    1,383,438     1,732,884   1,814,683    1,230,252     241,954       229,883 17,900,188 15,553,985             –            – 17,900,188 15,553,985




   Geographical information
                                                      Chinese mainland                                          Europe                                       North America                                 Emerging Market                               Consolidated
                                                       2025           2024                                   2025         2024                               2025          2024                             2025          2024                          2025           2024
                                                    HK$’000       HK$’000                                 HK$’000      HK$’000                            HK$’000       HK$’000                          HK$’000      HK$’000                        HK$’000        HK$’000

    Revenue from external
      customers                                47,393,031                41,476,428                16,001,409              13,119,423               19,485,419                17,317,487            31,702,973             27,408,987 114,582,832                       99,322,325


    Non-current assets                         10,006,947                  8,410,102                      453,266                205,689                  430,777                320,029               2,322,213             2,426,127           13,213,203             11,361,947


   The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers. The non-current asset
   information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes deferred tax assets.


   Information about a major customer
   For the year ended 31 December 2025, revenue of approximately HK$8,777,214,000 (2024:
   HK$10,321,326,000) was derived from sales by the TCL TV – the PRC market to a single customer.
192   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
            An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                                       2025           2024
                                                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000


              Revenue from contracts with customers                              114,582,832     99,322,325


            Revenue from contracts with customers
            (i)    Disaggregated revenue information
                   For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                       TV and        Internet
                    Segments                                           others*      business          Total
                                                                     HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


                    Types of goods or services
                    Sale of goods                                 110,290,204       186,925     110,477,129
                    Construction services                           1,184,040              –      1,184,040
                    Video-on-demand services                                –       597,235        597,235
                    Advertising, vertical application and other
                      new businesses                                        –      2,324,428      2,324,428


                    Total revenue from contracts with customers   111,474,244      3,108,588    114,582,832


                    Geographical markets
                    Chinese mainland                               45,589,763      1,803,268     47,393,031
                    Europe                                         15,816,653       184,756      16,001,409
                    North America                                  19,042,716       442,703      19,485,419
                    Emerging Market                                31,025,112       677,861      31,702,973


                    Total revenue from contracts with customers   111,474,244      3,108,588    114,582,832


                    Timing of revenue recognition
                    Goods transferred at a point in time          110,290,204       186,925     110,477,129
                    Services transferred over time                  1,184,040       597,235       1,781,275
                    Services transferred at a point in time                 –      2,324,428      2,324,428


                    Total revenue from contracts with customers   111,474,244      3,108,588    114,582,832
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    193


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2025




5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   (i)   Disaggregated revenue information (continued)
         For the year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                   TV and          Internet
          Segments                                                 others*       business               Total
                                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000


          Types of goods or services
          Sale of goods                                      95,891,517           109,789        96,001,306
          Construction services                                  803,653                 –          803,653
          Video-on-demand services                                      –         499,072           499,072
          Advertising, vertical application and other
            new businesses                                              –       2,018,294         2,018,294


          Total revenue from contracts with customers        96,695,170         2,627,155        99,322,325


          Geographical markets
          Chinese mainland                                   39,669,040         1,807,388        41,476,428
          Europe                                             12,999,936           119,487        13,119,423
          North America                                      16,953,820           363,667        17,317,487
          Emerging Market                                    27,072,374           336,613        27,408,987


          Total revenue from contracts with customers        96,695,170         2,627,155        99,322,325


          Timing of revenue recognition
          Goods transferred at a point in time               95,891,517           109,789        96,001,306
          Services transferred over time                         803,653          499,072         1,302,725
          Services transferred at a point in time                       –       2,018,294         2,018,294


          Total revenue from contracts with customers        96,695,170         2,627,155        99,322,325
194   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            (i)    Disaggregated revenue information (continued)
                   Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers to the amounts
                   disclosed in the segment information:


                   For the year ended 31 December 2025


                                                                                 TV and            Internet
                       Segments                                                   others*         business                Total
                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000


                       Revenue from contracts with customers
                       External customers                                 111,474,244           3,108,588      114,582,832
                       Intersegment sales                                    3,829,036              28,606        3,857,642


                                                                          115,303,280           3,137,194      118,440,474
                       Intersegment adjustments and eliminations            (3,829,036)            (28,606)      (3,857,642)


                       Total revenue from contracts with customers        111,474,244           3,108,588      114,582,832


                   For the year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                                  TV and           Internet
                       Segments                                                   others*         business                Total
                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000


                       Revenue from contracts with customers
                       External customers                                   96,695,170          2,627,155        99,322,325
                       Intersegment sales                                    4,508,083              24,695        4,532,778


                                                                          101,203,253           2,651,850      103,855,103
                       Intersegment adjustments and eliminations            (4,508,083)            (24,695)       (4,532,778)


                       Total revenue from contracts with customers          96,695,170          2,627,155        99,322,325


                   *        TV and others including all other five operating segments except internet business segment.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025      195


                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                31 December 2025




5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   (ii)   Performance obligations
          Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


          Sales of TV, mobile devices and other products
          The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of TV, mobile devices and other products
          and payment is generally due within 180 days from delivery. Some contracts provide customers
          with volume rebates which give rise to variable consideration subject to constraint.


          Construction services
          The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is
          generally due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing. A certain percentage of payment is
          retained by customers until the end of the retention period as the Group’s entitlement to the
          final payment is conditional on the satisfaction of the service quality by the customers over a
          certain period as stipulated in the contracts.


          Video-on-demand services
          The performance obligation is satisfied over time as the services allow customers to play
          and watch certain videos on the internet platform within the validity period, where payment in
          advance is normally required. The validity period ranging from a few hours to one year depends
          on the respective terms of the service contracts.


          Advertising, vertical application and other new businesses
          The performance obligation is satisfied upon rendering of the services and payment is generally
          due within 30 to 180 days from rendering.


          The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that
          were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:


                                                                                       2025              2024
                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


           Sales of products                                                     1,524,580          1,267,355
196   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
            Other income and gains
                                                                                      2025        2024
                                                                          Notes    HK$’000     HK$’000

              Other income
              Interest income                                              7       432,246     773,444
              Sales of scrap materials                                              24,205      14,614
              Government grants                                            7       460,450     405,971
              Foreign exchange differences, net                            7       127,734           –
              Write-off of balances due to creditors                                15,017      12,242
              Software development income                                           15,826      33,171
              Rental income, net                                           7        40,362      34,469
              Others                                                               107,119      63,904

              Total other income                                                  1,222,959   1,337,815


              Gains
              Gain on disposal of items of other intangible assets, net    7         3,081           –
              Gain on disposal of items of other deferred assets, net      7             –         243
              Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and
                equipment, net                                             7        14,754           –
              Gain on disposal of items of right-of-use asset, net         7             –      11,623
              Claim indemnity                                                        5,367       4,152
              Fair value gains, net:
                Derivative financial instruments – transactions not
                   qualifying as hedges                                    7              –     92,266
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss –
                   trust products and financial products                   7        61,738      35,358
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss –
                   equity investment                                       7         3,882       5,332
              Realised gain on settlement, net:
                Derivative financial instruments                            7            –     221,136
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       7       30,693      21,590
              Gain related to put option                                    7            –      65,194
              Gain on liquidation of subsidiaries                           7        8,623           –
              Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                            7, 43        510      52,807
              Gain on disposal of associates                                7        3,235       8,035
              Gain on disposal of a joint venture                           7            –      59,186
              Deemed gain on partial disposal of an associate               7        4,846         217
              Gain on remeasurement and deemed disposal of previously
                held interests in step acquisition of a subsidiary          7          172           –
              Gain on liquidation of an associate                           7            1           –
              Gain on bargain purchase of a subsidiary                    7, 42          –      12,123
              Others                                                                27,211      32,769

              Total gains                                                          164,113     622,031

              Total other income and gains                                        1,387,072   1,959,846
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   197


                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2025




6. FINANCE COSTS
   An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


    Interest on:
    Bank/factoring loans and discounted bills                                     762,168          743,851
    Interest expense on lease liabilities (note 15)                                18,440           19,794
    Deposits and loans from companies controlled by TCL Industries
      Holdings                                                                      9,772           23,269
    Deposits from affiliates controlled of TCL Industries Holdings                      72                –


    Total                                                                         790,452          786,914



7. PROFIT BEFORE TAX
   The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                     Notes       HK$’000           HK$’000


    Cost of inventories sold and services provided                            96,682,644        83,768,340
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                     13         418,310           382,840
    Depreciation of investment properties                             14          11,915            14,679
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                               15         193,662           202,672
    Amortisation of other deferred assets                                        154,445            36,530
    Research and development costs                                             2,532,381         2,335,052
    Amortisation of other intangible assets                           17         595,544           518,603
    Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease
      liabilities                                                    15(c)        198,784          112,101
    Auditor’s remuneration                                                         11,512           11,512
    Employee benefits expenses (including directors'
      remuneration):
      Wages and salaries                                                        6,064,305        5,786,943
      Employee share-based compensation benefits under the
         Share Award Schemes                                                      263,009           82,531
      Defined contribution expenses                                               634,873          516,026


                                                                                6,962,187        6,385,500
198   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      7. PROFIT BEFORE TAX (CONTINUED)
            The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting): (continued)


                                                                                               2025          2024
                                                                             Notes          HK$’000       HK$’000


              Foreign exchange differences, net***                                         (127,734)      160,368
              Impairment of goodwill**                                        16                  –       127,910
              Impairment of financial and contract assets, net:
                Impairment of trade receivables                               22             40,896        33,290
                Impairment of other receivables                               25                  8        14,240
                Impairment of contract assets                                 24              5,110           136


                                                                                             46,014        47,666

              Impairment of items of property, plant and equipment**          13                  1,867     2,084
              Impairment of items of other intangible assets**                17                    109    30,179
              Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                             102,717        145,784
              Rental income, net                                               5            (40,362)       (34,469)
              Interest income                                                  5           (432,246)      (773,444)
              Government grants*:
                Credited to other income and gains                             5           (460,450)      (405,971)
                Deducted from cost of sales and relevant expenses                           (18,081)       (77,359)


                                                                                           (478,531)      (483,330)

              Fair value (gains)/losses, net:
                Derivative financial instruments – transactions not
                   qualifying as hedges***                                                        2,439    (92,266)
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss –
                   trust products and financial products                       5            (61,738)       (35,358)
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss –
                   equity investment                                           5              (3,882)       (5,332)
                Call options and put options**                                               48,423        44,445
              Realised (gain)/loss on settlement, net:
                Derivative financial instruments***                                         395,091       (221,136)
                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          5            (30,693)       (21,590)
              (Gain)/loss related to put option**                                                  842     (65,194)
              Ineffectiveness of fair value hedges                                           28,922        17,442
              (Gain)/loss on disposal of items of property, plant and
                equipment, net**                                                            (14,754)       10,127
              (Gain)/loss on disposal of items of other intangible
                assets, net**                                                                 (3,081)        3,672
              (Gain)/loss on disposal of items of right-of-use assets,
                net**                                                                              489     (11,623)
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025         199


                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2025




7. PROFIT BEFORE TAX (CONTINUED)
   The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting): (continued)


                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                         Notes           HK$’000           HK$’000


       (Gain)/loss on disposal of items of other deferred
         assets, net**                                                                          12              (243)
       (Gain)/loss on liquidation of subsidiaries**                                        (8,623)               221
       Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                  5, 43               (510)          (52,807)
       Gain on disposal of associates                                      5               (3,235)            (8,035)
       Deemed gain on partial disposal of an associate                     5               (4,846)              (217)
       Gain on remeasurement and deemed disposal of previously
         held interests in step acquisition of a subsidiary                5                 (172)                  –
       Gain on liquidation of an associate                                 5                    (1)                 –
       Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                 5                     –          (59,186)
       Gain on bargain purchase of a subsidiary                          5, 42                   –          (12,123)
       Loss on liquidation of a joint venture**                                                  –            3,381


   Notes:


   *        Certain government grants have been received related to the Group’s day-to-day activities. Government
            grants including value-added tax (“VAT”) refund and national patent subsidies are recorded in “Other income
            and gains” in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income. There are no
            unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.


   **       Losses on these items are included in “Other operating expenses” on the face of the consolidated statement
            of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


   ***      Losses on these items are included in “Administrative expenses” on the face of the consolidated statement
            of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
200   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
            Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing
            the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), section 383(1)(a),
            (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of
            Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000


              Fees                                                                       1,029             887


              Other emoluments:
                Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                3,473           3,168
                Discretionary performance related bonuses                                1,892           3,223
                Employee share-based compensation benefits under the
                  Share Award Schemes                                                    3,816           3,133
                Pension scheme contributions                                               289             261


                Subtotal                                                                 9,470           9,785


              Total                                                                     10,499          10,672
                                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025                               201


                                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                              31 December 2025




8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
  (a) Independent non-executive directors
      The remuneration paid to independent non-executive directors during the year was as follows:


                                                             2025                                                      2024

                                                                                                                                Employee
                                                                      Employee                                                share-based
                                                                    share-based                                            compensation
                                                                 compensation                                                    benefits
                                                  Discretionary benefits under                             Discretionary           under
                                                  performance         the Share                            performance          the Share
                                                       related           Award           Total                   related           Award           Total
                                           Fees       bonuses         Schemes     remuneration      Fees       bonuses          Schemes     remuneration
                                        HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000


       Professor WANG Yijiang              400               –                –           400       400               –                 –           400
       Mr. LAU Siu Ki                      400               –                –           400       400               –                 –           400
       Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max (note (i))      229               –                –           229          –              –                 –              –
       Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter
        (note (ii))                           –              –                –              –         –              –                 –              –


       Total                              1,029              –                –         1,029       800               –                 –           800


      No other emoluments were payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year
      (2024: Nil).
202   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
         (CONTINUED)
            (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and chief executive
                   The remuneration paid to executive directors, non-executive directors and chief executive during
                   the year was as follows:


                                                                                                       Employee
                                                                                                     share-based
                                                                      Salaries,   Discretionary    compensation
                                                                   allowances      performance    benefits under        Pension
                                                                  and benefits          related        the Share        scheme            Total
                                                           Fees        in kind         bonuses#   Award Scheme     contributions   remuneration
                                                        HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


                    2025
                    Executive directors:
                      Ms. DU Juan                             –           600               –                 –              18            618
                      Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong (note (iii))         –         1,666           1,090             1,908             145          4,809
                      Mr. PENG PAN                            –         1,207             802             1,908             126          4,043
                      Mr. SUN Li (note (iv))                  –             –               –                 –               –              –


                                                              –         3,473           1,892             3,816             289          9,470
                                                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025                          203


                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 31 December 2025




8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
  (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and chief executive
      (continued)
                                                                                                   Employee
                                                                                                share-based
                                                                   Salaries,    Discretionary compensation
                                                                allowances      performance benefits under         Pension
                                                               and benefits           related     the Share        scheme            Total
                                                       Fees          in kind        bonuses# Award Schemes    contributions   remuneration
                                                    HK$’000       HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


          2024
          Executive directors:
            Ms. DU Juan                                   –            600               –               –             18             618
            Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong (note (iii))               –          1,484           1,721           1,558            131           4,894
            Mr. PENG PAN                                  –          1,084           1,502             826            112           3,524
            Mr. SUN Li (note (iv))                        –              –               –             363              –             363
            Mr. YAN Xiaolin (note (v))                    –              –               –             122              –             122


            Subtotal                                      –          3,168           3,223           2,869            261           9,521


          Non-executive directors:
           Mr. WANG Cheng (note (vi))                    –                –               –            264               –            264
           Mr. LI Yuhao (note (vii))                    87                –               –              –               –             87


            Subtotal                                    87                –               –            264               –            351


          Total                                         87           3,168           3,223           3,133            261           9,872


      #
                   The discretionary performance related bonuses for each of the financial year represents the
                   estimated amount of such bonuses determined based on the performance targets set for the relevant
                   individual director of the Company and chief executive, whereas the actual amount would only be
                   determined and paid after the end of the financial year with reference to the financial performance
                   of the Group and the performance of the individual director of the Company or chief executive and
                   subject to approval by the Board and/or the Remuneration Committee.
204   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
         (CONTINUED)
            (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and chief executive
                (continued)
                   Notes:

                   (i)      Mr. HUI Chi Kin Max was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company on
                            6 June 2025.

                   (ii)     Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter agreed to waive his remuneration of HK$171,000 (2024:
                            HK$400,000) as an independent non-executive director for the year ended 31 December 2025 and
                            such remuneration will be donated by the Company for charity use. Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter
                            retired as an independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from 6 June 2025.

                   (iii)    Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong was appointed as an executive director of the Company with effect from 28
                            March 2024.

                   (iv)     Mr. SUN Li has been re-designated from a non-executive director to an executive director of the
                            Company with effect from 28 March 2024.

                   (v)      Mr. YAN Xiaolin resigned as an executive director of the Company with effect from 28 March 2024.

                   (vi)     Mr. WANG Cheng resigned as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 28 March
                            2024.

                   (vii)    Mr. LI Yuhao retired as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 20 May 2024.


                   Save as disclosed in note (ii) above, there was no arrangement under which a director or chief
                   executive of the Company returned, waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.


                   Save as disclosed above, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any director or chief
                   executive of the Company as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation
                   for loss of office.


                   During the year, there were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of (i) directors of
                   the Company and of a holding company of the Company; (ii) bodies corporate controlled by such
                   directors; (iii) entities connected with such directors and there were no consideration provided to
                   or receivable by third parties for making available directors’ services.


                   Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” under Report of the Directors
                   in this annual report, none of the directors of the Company or their connected entities had a
                   material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contract of
                   significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries,
                   holding companies or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the year ended 31 December 2025.


                   The executive directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments shown above were paid for their
                   services in connection with the management of affairs of the Company and the Group; and the
                   non-executive directors’ and independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were
                   for their services as directors of the Company.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     205


                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2025




9. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
   The five highest paid employees during the year included two (2024: two) directors, details of whose
   remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration of the remaining three (2024:
   three) non-directors, highest paid employees for the year are as follows:


                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000


    Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                     4,620               4,862
    Discretionary performance related bonuses                                     1,939               1,728
    Employee share-based compensation benefits under the
      Share Award Schemes                                                         9,451               3,510
    Pension scheme contributions                                                    422                 271


    Total                                                                        16,432             10,371


   During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five highest paid employees as an
   inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.


   The numbers of non-directors, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following
   bands are as follows:


                                                                               Number of employees
                                                                                   2025               2024


    HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                         –                1
    HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                         –                2
    HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                         1                –
    HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                         1                –
    HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                         1                –


    Total                                                                                3                3
206   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      10. INCOME TAX
            Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) on the estimated
            assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the year. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have
            been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the countries/jurisdictions in which the Group operates.


                                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


              Current – Hong Kong profits tax
                 Charge for the year                                                        71,703         115,987
                 Overprovision in prior years                                                 (958)           (552)
              Current – Elsewhere – income taxes
                 (excluding Pillar Two income taxes)
                 Charge for the year                                                      880,295          564,256
                 Underprovision in prior years                                             82,189           38,348
              Pillar Two income taxes – current tax                                         9,109            4,309
              Deferred                                                                   (265,022)         (56,336)


              Total tax charge for the year                                               777,316          666,012


            A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory/applicable rates for
            the countries/jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled
            and/or operate to the tax expense at the effective tax rate is as follows:


                                                                                             2025             2024
                                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


              Profit before tax                                                          3,304,296       2,514,523


              Tax at the statutory/applicable tax rates of different countries/
                 jurisdictions                                                            749,081           661,482
              Lower tax rates for specific provinces or enacted by local authority       (204,564)         (134,455)
              Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods                    81,231            37,796
              Recognition of tax losses and temporary differences not recognised
                 in prior years                                                           (28,404)                –
              Pillar Two income taxes                                                       9,109             4,309
              Profits and losses attributable to joint ventures and associates            (37,215)          (27,493)
              Income not subject to tax                                                  (131,909)         (158,295)
              Super deduction of research and development expenditures                    (65,566)          (64,045)
              Expenses not deductible for tax                                             401,344           285,076
              Tax losses utilised from previous periods                                  (188,161)         (200,455)
              Tax losses not recognised                                                   192,370           262,092


              Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                    777,316          666,012
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    207


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2025




10. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
   The share of tax attributable to joint ventures and associates amounting to HK$0 (2024:
   HK$2,356,000) and HK$18,597,000 (2024: HK$7,004,000), respectively, is included in “Share of
   profits and losses of joint ventures and associates” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
   other comprehensive income.


   In accordance with the relevant tax rules and regulations of the PRC, certain of the Group’s subsidiaries
   in the PRC enjoy a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15%, and two subsidiaries in the PRC enjoy
   a preferential corporate income tax rate of 10%.


   Pillar Two income taxes
   The Group is within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules. The Group has applied the mandatory
   exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities arising
   from Pillar Two income taxes, and will account for the Pillar Two income taxes as current tax when
   incurred. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted but not yet in effect as at 31
   December 2025 in certain jurisdictions in which the Group operates.


   The Group has assessed its potential exposure based on the information available regarding the
   financial performance of the Group in the current year. As such, it may not be entirely representative
   of future circumstances. Based on the assessment, the Group should benefit from the Transitional
   Country-by-Country Reporting (“CbCR”) Safe Harbour for most of the jurisdictions in which the Group
   operates. The Group has identified potential exposure from the subsidiaries in respect of profits earned
   in certain jurisdictions. The Group has made Pillar Two income taxes provision. The Group continues
   to follow Pillar Two legislative developments, as more countries prepare to enact the Pillar Two model
   rules, to evaluate the potential future impact on its financial statements.


11. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000


    Proposed final dividend – HK49.80 cents (2024: HK31.80 cents)
      per ordinary share                                                         1,255,426         801,657


    Total                                                                        1,255,426         801,657


   The above amount of proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025 was calculated
   based on the number of shares of the Company as at 31 December 2025 for illustration. The proposed
   final dividend for the year is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the forthcoming
   annual general meeting (“AGM”). These consolidated financial statements do not reflect this dividend
   payable.
208   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      12. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
          EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
            The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year attributable
            to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of the
            Company of 2,412,913,575 (2024: 2,430,547,191) in issue during the year.


            The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year
            attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary shares
            used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares of the Company in issue during the year, as
            used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares
            assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive
            potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.


            The calculations of the basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                                          HK$’000        HK$’000


              Earnings
              Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, used in
                the basic and diluted earnings per share calculations                    2,495,131      1,759,366


                                                                                            Number of shares
                                                                                              2025             2024


              Shares
              Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less shares
                held for the Share Award Schemes during the year used in the
                basic earnings per share calculation                                  2,412,913,575 2,430,547,191
              Effect of dilution – weighted average number of ordinary shares:
                Awarded shares                                                         126,959,040     92,857,117


              Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                during the year used in the diluted earnings per share calculation    2,539,872,615 2,523,404,308
                                                               TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025             209


                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         31 December 2025




13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                            Furniture,
                                                                              fixtures
                                    Land and     Leasehold    Plant and            and     Motor    Construction
                                    buildings improvements    machinery    equipment     vehicles    in progress        Total
                                    HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000


   31 December 2025


   At 1 January 2025
    Cost                          2,247,368       547,286    2,177,351      971,734       20,654         41,308    6,005,701
    Accumulated depreciation
      and impairment              (1,043,159)    (439,270)   (1,281,175)   (787,739)     (14,826)              –   (3,566,169)


   Net carrying amount            1,204,209       108,016      896,176      183,995        5,828         41,308    2,439,532


   At 1 January 2025, net of
     accumulated depreciation
     and impairment               1,204,209       108,016      896,176      183,995        5,828        41,308     2,439,532
   Additions                          2,268        25,333      105,312       57,516        2,408       309,801       502,638
   Acquisition of subsidiaries
     (note 42)                       53,584           890        1,892           770            –            49       57,185
   Disposal of a subsidiary
     (note 43)                            –             –         (593)          (67)          –              –         (660)
   Transfer from inventories              –             –      154,873             –           –              –      154,873
   Disposals                           (473)         (289)     (18,789)      (12,008)       (274)        (1,492)     (33,325)
   Transfers                            531       108,784      240,488       (12,168)        304       (337,939)           –
   Depreciation provided during
     the year (note 7)              (90,700)      (69,485)    (184,976)      (70,890)     (2,259)              –    (418,310)
   Impairment loss recognised
     (note 7)                             –             –       (1,867)            –           –              –       (1,867)
   Exchange realignment              26,983         4,185       27,895         5,656         136         10,768       75,623


   At 31 December 2025, net of
     accumulated depreciation
     and impairment               1,196,402       177,434    1,220,411      152,804        6,143         22,495    2,775,689


   At 31 December 2025:
     Cost                         2,400,990       698,836    2,857,687      806,231       22,920         22,495    6,809,159
     Accumulated depreciation
       and impairment             (1,204,588)    (521,402)   (1,637,276)   (653,427)     (16,777)              –   (4,033,470)


   Net carrying amount            1,196,402       177,434    1,220,411      152,804        6,143         22,495    2,775,689
210   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                                                                                        Furniture,
                                                                                          fixtures
                                               Land and     Leasehold     Plant and            and      Motor    Construction
                                               buildings improvements     machinery    equipment      vehicles    in progress        Total
                                               HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


              31 December 2024


              At 1 January 2024
                Cost                         2,170,417       510,666     2,078,966     1,005,248      21,540           6,721    5,793,558
                Accumulated depreciation
                  and impairment              (924,237)     (409,253)    (1,327,333)    (737,800)    (10,629)              –    (3,409,252)


              Net carrying amount            1,246,180       101,413       751,633      267,448       10,911           6,721    2,384,306


              At 1 January 2024, net of
                accumulated depreciation
                and impairment               1,246,180       101,413       751,633      267,448       10,911          6,721     2,384,306
              Additions                          7,553        15,482       123,662       13,877        1,984        362,575       525,133
              Acquisition of a subsidiary
                (note 42)                             –             –             –             5           –              –             5
              Disposal of subsidiaries
                (note 43)                             –             –       (31,370)      (4,564)           –         (6,645)      (42,579)
              Transfer from investment
                properties (note 14)            73,420             –             –             –            –             –         73,420
              Disposals                           (146)       (1,381)       (7,265)       (2,821)      (5,235)            –        (16,848)
              Transfers                          4,848        43,537       251,475        20,862            –      (320,722)             –
              Depreciation provided during
                the year (note 7)               (88,901)     (48,541)     (142,592)     (101,177)      (1,629)             –     (382,840)
              Impairment loss recognised
                (note 7)                              –             –        (2,084)           –            –              –        (2,084)
              Exchange realignment              (38,745)       (2,494)      (47,283)      (9,635)        (203)          (621)      (98,981)


              At 31 December 2024, net of
                accumulated depreciation
                and impairment               1,204,209       108,016       896,176      183,995        5,828         41,308     2,439,532


              At 31 December 2024:
                Cost                         2,247,368       547,286     2,177,351      971,734       20,654         41,308     6,005,701
                Accumulated depreciation
                  and impairment             (1,043,159)    (439,270)    (1,281,175)    (787,739)    (14,826)              –    (3,566,169)


              Net carrying amount            1,204,209       108,016       896,176      183,995        5,828         41,308     2,439,532
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     211


                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2025




14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000


    Carrying amount at 1 January                                                413,818            544,530
    Depreciation provided during the year (note 7)                              (11,915)            (14,679)
    Transfer to property, plant and equipment (note 13)                                  –          (73,420)
    Transfer to right-of-use assets (note 15(a))                                         –          (29,931)
    Exchange realignment                                                           3,396            (12,682)


    Carrying amount at 31 December                                              405,299            413,818


   The Group’s investment properties mainly consist of commercial property and industrial property
   located in Chinese mainland and Hong Kong with the carrying amounts of HK$394,755,000 (2024:
   HK$402,821,000) and HK$10,544,000 (2024: HK$10,997,000), respectively, and are held under
   operating lease arrangements.


   According to the valuation results provided by independent third parties, the fair values of the
   investment properties located in Chinese mainland and Hong Kong approximate to HK$409,693,000
   (2024: HK$414,795,000) and HK$79,200,000 (2024: HK$96,700,000), respectively.


15. LEASES
   The Group as a lessee
   The Group has lease contracts for various items of plant and properties, motor vehicles and other
   equipment used in its operations. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land
   from the owners with lease periods of 20 to 99 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the
   terms of these land leases. Leases of plant and properties generally have lease terms between 1 and
   25 years, while motor vehicles generally have lease terms between 2 and 5 years. Other equipment
   generally has lease terms of 12 months or less and/or is individually of low value.
212   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      15. LEASES (CONTINUED)
            (a) Right-of-use assets
                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are
                   as follows:


                                               Leasehold      Plant and      Motor          Other
                                                    land      properties   vehicles     equipment         Total
                                                HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


                    As at 1 January 2024         470,351       374,355       1,260            68       846,034
                    Additions                          –       212,411         540           520       213,471
                    Transfer from
                      investment properties
                      (note 14)                   29,931              –          –              –       29,931
                    Depreciation charge
                      (note 7)                    (9,181)     (192,648)       (625)         (218)      (202,672)
                    Deductions as a
                      result of disposal of
                      subsidiaries (note 43)           –        (10,895)         –              –       (10,895)
                    Lease modification                 –        (13,782)         –              –       (13,782)
                    Exchange realignment          (7,626)       (27,306)       (42)            (6)      (34,980)


                    As at 31 December
                      2024 and 1 January
                      2025                       483,475       342,135       1,133           364       827,107


                    Additions                          –       282,840       2,188              –      285,028
                    Additions as a result
                      of acquisition of
                      subsidiaries (note 42)           –          3,534      2,275              –         5,809
                    Depreciation charge
                      (note 7)                   (10,325)     (180,270)     (2,844)         (223)     (193,662)
                    Lease modification              (325)      (21,222)          –              –       (21,547)
                    Exchange realignment           6,010        17,139         (19)            6        23,136


                    As at 31 December
                      2025                       478,835       444,156       2,733           147       925,871
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     213


                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                           31 December 2025




15. LEASES (CONTINUED)
   (b) Lease liabilities
       The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                   2025             2024
                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000


        As at 1 January                                                        357,412           407,316
        New leases                                                             265,190           207,955
        Additions as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)            6,000                  –
        Deductions as a result of disposal of subsidiaries (note 43)                   –          (10,639)
        Lease modification                                                       (8,422)          (25,645)
        Accretion of interest recognised during the year (note 6)                18,440           19,794
        Payments                                                              (200,159)          (213,039)
        Exchange realignment                                                     24,165           (28,330)


        As at 31 December                                                      462,626           357,412


        Analysed into:
          Current portion                                                      126,628           137,367
          Non-current portion                                                  335,998           220,045


       The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 49 to the financial statements.
214   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      15. LEASES (CONTINUED)
            (c)       The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:


                                                                                                2025           2024
                                                                                             HK$’000       HK$’000


                       Interest expenses on lease liabilities (note 6)                        18,440         19,794
                       Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (note 7)                   193,662        202,672
                       Expense relating to short-term leases and leases of
                         low-value assets (note 7)                                           198,784        112,101


                       Total amount recognised in profit or loss                             410,886        334,567



            (d)       The total cash outflow for leases and future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet
                      commenced is disclosed in notes 44(c) and 45(b), respectively, to the financial statements.


            The Group as a lessor
            The Group leases its investment properties (note 14) consisting of various commercial and industrial
            properties in Chinese mainland and Hong Kong under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the
            leases generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent adjustments
            according to the then prevailing market conditions. Rental income from continuing operations
            recognised by the Group during the year was HK$40,362,000 (2024: HK$34,469,000), details of which
            are included in note 5 to the financial statements.


            At 31 December the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under
            operating leases with its tenants are as follows:


                                                                                                2025           2024
                                                                                             HK$’000       HK$’000


              Within one year                                                                 11,352         13,376
              After one year but within two years                                             10,698          5,649
              After two years but within three years                                            6,268         4,515
              After three years but within four years                                           3,507         3,067
              After four years but within five years                                            1,112         3,467
              After five years                                                                    479         2,308


              Total                                                                           33,416         32,382
                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   215


                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                    31 December 2025




16. GOODWILL
                                                                                           HK$’000


   At 1 January 2024:
     Cost                                                                                3,256,671
     Accumulated impairment                                                                 (63,032)


   Net carrying amount                                                                   3,193,639


   Cost at 1 January 2024, net of accumulated impairment                                 3,193,639
     Impairment during the year (note 7)                                                   (127,910)
     Disposal of subsidiaries (note 43)                                                     (24,687)
     Exchange realignment                                                                   (93,662)


   Cost and net carrying amount at 31 December 2024                                      2,947,380


   At 31 December 2024:
     Cost                                                                                3,138,322
     Accumulated impairment                                                                (190,942)


   Net carrying amount                                                                   2,947,380


   Cost at 1 January 2025, net of accumulated impairment                                 2,947,380
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                                                 167,348
     Exchange realignment                                                                    62,831


   Cost and net carrying amount at 31 December 2025                                      3,177,559


   At 31 December 2025:
     Cost                                                                                3,317,518
     Accumulated impairment                                                                (139,959)


   Net carrying amount                                                                   3,177,559
216   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      16. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
            Impairment testing of goodwill
            Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following CGUs for impairment
            testing:


            •      PRC TV products with the TCL brand (“PRC TCL TV CGU”)


            •      Commercial display products (“Commercial Display Products CGU”)


            •      Falcon internet business (“Falcon Internet Business CGU”)


            •      Smart mobile, connective devices and services (“Smart Mobile, Connective devices and Services
                   CGU”)


            •      Brazil TV products and other household products (“Brazil TV and Other Household Products
                   CGU”)


            •      Chile TV and other household products (“Chile CGU”)


            •      Europe photovoltaic products (“Europe Photovoltaic Products CGU”)


            •      Others*


            *      The others represented certain CGUs which individually form an insignificant portion of the goodwill amount
                   of the Group.
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   217


                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                          31 December 2025




16. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
   Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)
   The recoverable amount of each CGU has been determined based on a value-in-use calculation
   using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved by
   senior management. The discount rate applied to cash flow projections and the growth rate used to
   extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year period of each CGU are as follows:


                                                                                  2025             2024


    PRC TCL TV CGU                                  discount rate                   18%             18%
                                                    growth rate                    1.7%             2.0%
    Commercial Display Products CGU                 discount rate                   17%             17%
                                                    growth rate                    1.7%             2.0%
    Falcon Internet Business CGU                    discount rate                   15%             14%
                                                    growth rate                    1.7%             2.0%
    Smart Mobile, Connective devices and            discount rate                   14%             14%
      Services CGU                                  growth rate                    1.7%             2.0%
    Brazil TV and Other Household                   discount rate                   19%             19%
      Products CGU                                  growth rate                    3.0%             3.0%
    Chile CGU                                       discount rate                   18%              N/A
                                                    growth rate                    3.0%              N/A
    Europe Photovoltaic Products CGU                discount rate                   15%              N/A
                                                    growth rate                    0.0%              N/A
    Others                                          discount rate                   23%             23%
                                                    growth rate                    1.7%             2.0%
218   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      16. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
            Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)
            The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the CGUs is as follows:


                                                                               Smart
                                                                              Mobile,        Brazil
                                                 Commercial      Falcon    Connective TV and Other
                                                    Display     Internet     Devices     Household                   Europe
                                       PRC TCL     Products    Business          and      Products      Chile   Photovoltaic
                                       TV CGU          CGU         CGU Services CGU           CGU        CGU Products CGU       Others       Total
                                       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000


              As at 31 December 2024   340,531     234,814    1,039,091    1,132,489      187,475           –             –     12,980   2,947,380
              As at 31 December 2025   340,531     246,417    1,065,547    1,132,489      208,825      12,819      157,951      12,980   3,177,559


            Assumptions were used in the value-in-use calculation of all CGUs for 31 December 2025 and 31
            December 2024. The following describes each key assumption on which management has based its
            cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:


            Budgeted gross margins – The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted gross
            margins is the average gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget year,
            increased for expected efficiency improvements, and expected market development.


            Discount rates – The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to the
            relevant units.
                                                             TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025       219


                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2025




17. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                            Patents                     Customer                  Deferred
                                                and                  relationships   Computer development
                                            licences   Trademarks      and others     software      costs        Total
                                           HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000


   31 December 2025
   Cost at 1 January 2025, net of
     accumulated amortisation and
     impairment                            225,802        15,242         203,274      753,674     301,264    1,499,256
   Additions                                20,269        50,960                –      12,390     407,140     490,759
   Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)          –             –         39,091       21,246            –     60,337
   Amortisation provided during the year
     (note 7)                               (25,991)       (6,600)       (24,978)    (135,198)   (402,777)   (595,544)
   Disposals                                       –            –            (315)       (266)           –       (581)
   Transfer from other deferred assets        4,586             –               –     446,112            –    450,698
   Impairment during the year (note 7)             –            –               –        (109)           –       (109)
   Exchange realignment                         532        1,561            1,223      25,198       7,730      36,244


   At 31 December 2025                     225,198        61,163         218,295     1,123,047    313,357    1,941,060


   At 31 December 2025:
     Cost                                  483,718       144,126         483,996     1,969,552    413,497    3,494,889
     Accumulated amortisation and
       impairment                          (258,520)     (82,963)       (265,701)    (846,505)   (100,140) (1,553,829)


   Net carrying amount                     225,198        61,163         218,295     1,123,047    313,357    1,941,060
220   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      17. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
                                                       Patents                     Customer                   Deferred
                                                           and                  relationships    Computer development
                                                       licences   Trademarks      and others     software       costs          Total
                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000


              31 December 2024
              Cost at 1 January 2024, net of
                accumulated amortisation and
                impairment                            247,455        66,948         224,413      530,744     307,678     1,377,238
              Additions                                  7,788             –          6,685             –    348,069       362,542
              Amortisation provided during the year
                (note 7)                               (28,950)     (24,700)        (27,267)      (89,673)   (348,013)    (518,603)
              Disposals                                      –             –               –       (3,647)           –       (3,647)
              Transfer from other deferred assets            –             –               –     339,455             –     339,455
              Disposals of subsidiaries (note 43)            –             –               –         (120)           –         (120)
              Impairment during the year (note 7)            –      (23,414)          (1,458)      (5,307)           –      (30,179)
              Exchange realignment                        (491)       (3,592)            901      (17,778)     (6,470)      (27,430)


              At 31 December 2024                     225,802        15,242         203,274      753,674     301,264     1,499,256


              At 31 December 2024:
                Cost                                  457,965        91,246         439,974     1,395,518    374,911     2,759,614
                Accumulated amortisation and
                  impairment                          (232,163)     (76,004)       (236,700)     (641,844)    (73,647)   (1,260,358)


              Net carrying amount                     225,802        15,242         203,274      753,674     301,264     1,499,256
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   221


                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2025




18. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000


    Share of net assets                                                            4,441             4,331


   During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group disposed of its investment in a joint venture. The
   investment was transferred to investment in an associate and a disposal gain of HK$59,186,000 was
   recognised in other income and gains.


   A joint venture in which the Group had fully provided for an impairment loss was deregistered during the
   year ended 31 December 2024.


   The following table illustrates the aggregate summarised financial information of the Group’s joint
   ventures that are not individually material:


                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000


    Share of the joint ventures' profit for the year                                    –            5,886
    Share of the joint ventures' total comprehensive income for the year                –            3,835
    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the joint
      ventures                                                                     4,441             4,331
222   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      19. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


                Share of net assets                                                                1,381,537          1,264,480
                Goodwill on acquisition                                                               178,317           179,824


                Subtotal                                                                           1,559,854          1,444,304


                Provision for impairment                                                                      –           (6,465)


                Total                                                                              1,559,854          1,437,839


            During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group disposed certain of its investments in associates,
            resulting in a disposal gain of HK$3,235,000 (2024: HK$8,035,000) for the year.


            Particulars of the Group’s material associates are as follows:


                                                                                                      Percentage
                                                                                                     of ownership
                                                                                       Place of           interest
                                                            Particulars of    Registration and attributable to          Principal
                Name                                   registered capital              business         the Group       activities


                Amlogic (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.           RMB421,165,613             PRC/Chinese                 4.88       Note (a)
                  (“Amlogic”)   #
                                                                                       mainland


                Huan Technology Co., Ltd.*              RMB52,989,648             PRC/Chinese               34.00        Note (b)
                  (“Huan Technology”)                                                  mainland

            *           The English name of the company is not official and is the direct translation from its Chinese name for
                        identification purposes only.

            #
                        Up to the date of approval of these financial statements, Amlogic has not yet disclosed its annual financial
                        statements for the year ended 31 December 2025. The figures presented in the table below are extracted
                        from financial information which was released publicly disclosed by Amlogic, with some information not being
                        disclosed.


            All the associates have been accounted for using the equity method in these financial statements.
                                                               TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025        223


                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                      31 December 2025




19. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
   Notes:


   (a)      Amlogic


            Amlogic, which is considered as a material associate of the Group, is a strategic partner of the Group
            engaged in the manufacture and trading of integrated circuits and other semiconductor services.


            Although the Group holds less than 20% of the voting power of Amlogic, in the opinion of the directors, the
            Group is in a position to exercise significant influence over Amlogic through its representation in the board
            of directors and its participation in policy-making processes of Amlogic.


            During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s shareholding in Amlogic was diluted from 4.91% to
            4.88% as a result of restricted share awards granted by Amlogic under its equity incentive plan.


            The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of Amlogic, adjusted for any differences
            in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000


             Net assets                                                                   8,313,407         6,855,119


             Net assets, excluding goodwill                                               8,295,389         6,837,149


             Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
             Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                              4.88%             4.91%
             Group’s share of net assets of the associate, excluding goodwill               404,815           335,704
             Goodwill on acquisition                                                         18,018            17,970


             Carrying amount of the investment                                              422,833           353,674


             Revenue and other income and gains                                           7,422,966         6,497,019
             Profit attributable to owners of the parent for the year                       952,003           900,067


             Fair value of the Group’s investment in the associate                       1,986,033          1,524,866
224   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      19. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
            Notes: (continued)


            (b)      Huan Technology


                     Huan Technology, which is considered a material associate of the Group, is a strategic partner of the Group
                     engaged in internet platform operation. Huan Technology has become an associate of the Group since
                     1 November 2019.


                     The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of Huan Technology, adjusted for
                     any differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial
                     statements:


                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000


                      Net assets                                                                 1,160,904          1,050,597


                      Net assets, excluding goodwill                                             1,054,115            946,459


                      Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
                      Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                           34.00%             34.00%
                      Group’s share of net assets of the associate, excluding goodwill             358,399            321,796
                      Goodwill on acquisition                                                      106,789            104,138


                      Carrying amount of the investment                                            465,188            425,934


                      Revenue                                                                      939,163            709,422
                      Profit attributable to owners of the parent for the year                      81,237             38,365
                      Total comprehensive income attributable to owners
                        of the parent for the year                                                  81,237             38,365


            The following table illustrates the aggregate summarised financial information of the Group’s
            associates that are not individually material:


                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000


              Share of the associates' profit for the year                                         81,795             52,174
              Share of the associates' other comprehensive income/(loss)
                  for the year                                                                       5,458               (430)
              Share of the associates' total comprehensive income for the year                     87,253             51,744
              Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in these
                  associates                                                                      671,833           658,231
                                                                TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025         225


                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         31 December 2025




20. E Q U I T Y I N V E S T M E N T S D E S I G N A T E D A T F A I R V A L U E
    THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


        Listed equity investments, at fair value
          Beijing Digital Telecom Co., Ltd.                                                     1,887             3,203


                                                                                                1,887             3,203


        Unlisted equity investments, at fair value
          Shenzhen Digital TV National Engineering Laboratory Co., Ltd.*                             –           10,554
          Shanghai Digital TV National Engineering Research Center Co.,
            Ltd.*                                                                               3,307             3,300
          Shenzhen Zhongcailian Technology Co., Ltd.*                                           2,882             3,176
          Shanghai Guanmu Investment Management Partnership (Limited
            Partnership)*                                                                     55,791             57,784
          RayNeo Co., Ltd.                                                                   166,420           147,174
          Fengzhangqingyu Investment (Ningbo) Partnership (Limited
            Partnership)*                                                                     51,808             46,217
          Huizhou Kuyu Network Technology Co., Ltd.*                                          86,896             92,954
          Others                                                                                1,893             1,736


                                                                                             368,997           362,895


        Total                                                                                370,884           366,098


    *           The English names of the companies are not official and are the direct translation from their Chinese names
                for identification purposes only.


    The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at fair value through other comprehensive
    income as the Group considers that these investments are strategic in nature.
226   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      21. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000


              Raw materials                                                                7,623,125        4,946,533
              Work in progress                                                             1,971,389        1,395,295
              Finished goods                                                              13,493,845        8,946,727


              Total                                                                       23,088,359       15,288,555


            As at 31 December 2025, inventories of nil (2024: HK$400,087,000) were pledged for bank loans for
            the Group.


      22. TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                               Note          HK$’000          HK$’000


              Due from third parties                                                      18,464,217       15,504,528


              Due from related parties:
                  Companies controlled by TCL Industries Holdings               (a)        2,634,455        4,127,684
                  Affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings                         (a)          275,702          147,794
                  Companies controlled by TCL Technology                        (a)        1,594,965        1,128,966
                  Joint ventures                                                (a)          618,080          547,733
                  Associates                                                    (a)          680,853        1,143,130


              Subtotal                                                                     5,804,055        7,095,307


              Impairment allowance                                                          (310,748)         (266,951)


              Total                                                                       23,957,524       22,332,884


            Note:

            (a)       As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the amounts were interest-free, unsecured and repayable within one
                      year.


            The majority of the Group’s sales in the Chinese mainland are conducted on a cash-on-delivery basis
            or on commercial bills guaranteed by banks within credit periods ranging from 30 to 90 days. For
            overseas sales, the Group usually requires settlement by letters of credit with tenures ranging from 90
            to 180 days. Sales to certain customers were made on the open-account basis with credit terms of no
            more than 180 days.
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   227


                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                         31 December 2025




22. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
   Save for those amounts due from the related parties, in view of the aforementioned and the fact
   that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no
   significant concentration of credit risk. The Group holds a commercial property from a group of
   customers as collaterals for trade receivables with a gross carrying amount of HK$77,614,000 (2024:
   HK$171,323,000). The Group held certain government bonds from a groups of customers as collaterals
   for trade receivables with a gross carrying amount of HK$104,213,000 as at 31 December 2024, and
   the balance with collaterals had been fully settled as at 31 December 2025. The Group does not hold
   any collaterals or other credit enhancements over its remaining trade receivables. The remaining trade
   receivables are non-interest bearing.


   As at 31 December 2025, trade receivables of approximately HK$1,676,000 (2024: Nil) were pledged
   for bank loans for the Group.


   Included in the Group’s trade receivables are (i) receivables to be factored of HK$1,924,550,000
   (2024: HK$1,649,838,000), as well as (ii) the assets and the associated liabilities representing the
   extent of the Group’s continuing involvement in the factored trade receivables of which the Group
   neither retained nor transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards, amounting to HK$2,919,000
   (2024: HK$11,927,000). The above receivables are classified as financial assets at fair value through
   profit or loss. The remaining trade receivables with a gross carrying amount of HK$22,340,803,000
   (2024: HK$20,938,070,000) are measured at amortised cost.


   An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
   date, is as follows:


                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000


    Current to 90 days                                                      17,803,918      16,595,138
    91 to 180 days                                                           3,696,100        2,857,168
    181 to 365 days                                                          1,792,087        2,059,204
    Over 365 days                                                              976,167        1,088,325


                                                                            24,268,272      22,599,835
    Impairment allowance                                                      (310,748)        (266,951)


    Total                                                                   23,957,524      22,332,884
228   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      22. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
            The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:


                                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


              At beginning of year                                                       266,951         298,968
              Impairment losses, net (note 7)                                             40,896           33,290
              Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                  2,489                 –
              Disposal of subsidiaries                                                          –            (175)
              Amount written off as uncollectible                                         (8,932)         (51,872)
              Exchange realignment                                                         9,344          (13,260)


              At end of year                                                             310,748         266,951


            An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure
            ECLs. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments
            with similar loss patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of
            money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past
            events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.


            Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables
            measured at amortised cost using a provision matrix:


                                                            Gross carrying
                                                                  amount        Ratio          ECLs       ECL rate
                                                                 HK$’000                   HK$’000


              As at 31 December 2025
              Individual provision for ECLs                      297,457        1.3%        231,173        77.72%
              Provision for ECLs based on the credit risk
                characteristics group                         22,043,346       98.7%         79,575          0.36%


              Total                                           22,340,803      100.0%        310,748          1.39%


              As at 31 December 2024
              Individual provision for ECLs                      273,116        1.3%        220,224        80.63%
              Provision for ECLs based on the credit risk
                characteristics group                         20,664,954       98.7%         46,727          0.23%


              Total                                           20,938,070      100.0%        266,951          1.27%
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    229


                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2025




22. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
   Set out below is the information about provision for expected credit loss of trade receivables based on
   the credit risk characteristics group:


                                                            Gross carrying
    Past due                                                       amount              ECLs         ECL rate
                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000


    As at 31 December 2025
    Within one year                                            21,759,520            58,246            0.27%
    After one year                                                283,826            21,329            7.51%


    Total                                                      22,043,346            79,575            0.36%


    As at 31 December 2024
    Within one year                                            20,276,860            34,643            0.17%
    After one year                                                388,094            12,084            3.11%


    Total                                                      20,664,954            46,727            0.23%



23. BILLS RECEIVABLE
                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                     Note          HK$’000          HK$’000


    Financial assets at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                         (a)        3,418,264        4,436,662


    Total                                                                        3,418,264        4,436,662


   Note:


   (a)      As at 31 December 2025, bills receivable of Nil (31 December 2024: HK$192,282,000) were pledged for
            issuing bank acceptance notes for the Group.
230   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      24. CONTRACT ASSETS
                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000


              Contract assets arising from:
                Sale of products                                                         45,773         364,630
                Construction services                                                    23,132          23,254


              Total                                                                      68,905         387,884


              Impairment                                                                 (5,398)            (213)


              Net carrying amount                                                        63,507         387,671


            The expected timing of recovery or settlement for contract assets as at 31 December is as follows:


                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000

              Within one year                                                             4,592          22,470
              Over one year                                                              58,915         365,201


              Total                                                                      63,507         387,671


            The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of contract assets are as follows:


                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000

              At beginning of year                                                          213               81
              Impairment losses (note 7)                                                  5,110              136
              Exchange realignment                                                           75               (4)


              At end of year                                                              5,398              213


            Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s contract assets using a
            provision matrix:


                                                                                           2025            2024


              Expected credit loss rate                                                   7.83%           0.05%
              Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                                            68,905         387,884
              Expected credit losses (HK$’000)                                            5,398             213
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025         231


                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2025




25. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                         Notes           HK$’000           HK$’000


    Prepayments and deposits                                                             897,698           904,629
    Other receivables                                                      (a)         3,069,649         2,674,798
    VAT receivables                                                                    4,785,326         2,804,801
    Interest receivable                                                                     2,003             4,566
    Due from companies controlled by TCL Industries Holdings               (b)         1,729,344         2,815,731
    Due from affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings                         (b)            82,106           331,356
    Due from companies controlled by TCL Technology                        (c)           139,991             80,363
    Due from associates                                                    (c)              5,341            35,139


                                                                                     10,711,458          9,651,383
    Impairment allowance                                                                (220,220)          (200,168)


    Total                                                                            10,491,238          9,451,215


   Notes:


   (a)      As at 31 December 2025, other receivables of approximately HK$68,086,000 (2024: HK$4,428,000)
            with interest rates ranging from 0.85% to 3.00% (2024:2.15%) per annum was pledged for the balance of
            financial instruments for the Group.


   (b)      As at 31 December 2025, the relevant balance of advance to TCL Industries Holdings under the meaning of
            Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules amounted to approximately HK$1,811,450,000 (2024: HK$3,147,087,000),
            out of which: (i) approximately HK$1,172,750,000 (2024: HK$1,952,594,000) was deposits placed with
            TCL Finance (Hong Kong) Co., Limited and/or members of Qualified Holdings Group (as defined in the
            announcement of the Company dated 26 September 2024) pursuant to the Master Financial (2025-2027)
            Agreement dated 26 September 2024 entered into among the Company, TCL Industries Holdings and TCL
            Finance (Hong Kong) Co., Limited with interest rates ranging from 0.01% to 2.57% (2024: 0.0001% to
            5.25%) per annum and repayable within one year and without collateral; (ii) approximately HK$25,698,000
            (2024: HK$226,376,000) was other receivables in trade nature from TCL Industries Holdings' affiliated
            companies which arose in the Group’s ordinary and usual course of business (other than as a result of the
            provision of financial assistance) and on normal commercial terms, that were interest-free and unsecured;
            (iii) approximately HK$575,122,000 (2024: HK$968,117,000) was other receivables from TCL Industries
            Holdings and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies arising from non-trading nature transactions which
            were interest-free, unsecured and repayable within one year; and (iv) approximately HK$37,880,000
            (2024: Nil) was loans provided by the Group to members of Qualified Holdings Group (as defined in the
            announcement of the Company dated 26 September 2024) pursuant to the Master Financial (2025-2027)
            Agreement dated 26 September 2024 with interest rate at 3% (2024: Nil) per annum and repayable within
            one year and without collateral. For details of the Master Financial (2025-2027) Agreement, please refer to
            the Company’s announcement dated 26 September 2024 and the circular dated 6 November 2024.


   (c)      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the amounts were interest-free, unsecured and repayable within one
            year.
232   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      25. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
          (CONTINUED)
            The Group has classified certain other receivables amounting to HK$465,832,000 (2024:
            HK$367,934,000) as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss as these items are
            held for trading. The remaining amounts are measured at amortised cost.


            ECLs are estimated for other receivables and amounts due from related companies by applying a loss
            rate approach with reference to the historical loss records of the Group. The loss rate is adjusted to
            reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate.


            The credit quality of the financial assets included in the line items of prepayments, other receivables
            and other assets is considered to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information
            indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.
            Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”. Set out below is
            the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s other receivables and amounts due from
            related companies:


            As at 31 December 2025


                                                                          Normal          Doubtful            Total


              ECL rate                                                     0.08%           98.98%            4.71%
              Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                         4,458,102          219,109          4,677,211
              ECLs (HK$’000)                                               3,348         216,872           220,220


            As at 31 December 2024


                                                                          Normal          Doubtful            Total


              ECL rate                                                     0.05%           98.83%            3.52%
              Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                         5,488,990          199,899          5,688,889
              ECLs (HK$’000)                                               2,604         197,564           200,168
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   233


                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                         31 December 2025




25. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
    (CONTINUED)
   The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of financial assets included in prepayments, other
   receivables and other assets are as follows:


                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


    At beginning of year                                                      200,168          215,454
    Impairment losses, net (note 7)                                                  8          14,240
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                14,925                 –
    Amount written off as uncollectible                                          (566)          (25,674)
    Exchange realignment                                                        5,685            (3,852)


    At end of year                                                            220,220          200,168



26. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
    LOSS
                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


    Non-current assets
    Unlisted equity investment, at fair value                                  42,549           37,656


    Current assets
    Trust products and financial products issued by commercial banks        2,358,397        2,861,035


    Total                                                                   2,400,946        2,898,691
234   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      27. DEBT INVESTMENTS AT AMORTISED COST
                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000


              Deposit certificates                                                   169,130         198,757


            The balance represented deposit certificates purchased from creditworthy licensed banks in Chinese
            mainland with interest rates ranging from 2.35% to 2.85% (2024: 2.35% to 3.10%) per annum with an
            original maturity period of over 1 year.


            As at 31 December 2025, debt investments at amortised cost of approximately HK$169,130,000 (31
            December 2024: HK$107,637,000) pledged as the balance of financial instruments for the Group.


      28. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED CASH AND
          PLEDGED DEPOSITS
                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000


              Cash and cash equivalents                                           13,522,134       8,771,691
              Restricted cash and pledged deposits                                   506,325         669,910


                                                                                  14,028,459       9,441,601


              Less: Restricted cash and pledged deposits:
                        for factored trade receivables                                24,195         159,860
                        for banking facilities and other financial instruments       470,955         500,501
                        others restricted cash and pledged deposits                   11,175           9,549


              Cash and cash equivalents                                           13,522,134       8,771,691


            As at 31 December 2025, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group denominated in Renminbi
            (“RMB”) amounted to HK$3,800,128,000 (2024: HK$2,460,399,000). RMB is not freely convertible
            into other currencies, however, under Chinese mainland’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations
            and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is
            permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange
            business.
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   235


                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                         31 December 2025




28. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED CASH AND
    PLEDGED DEPOSITS (CONTINUED)
   Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time
   deposits are made for varying periods of between one day and three months depending on the
   immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short term time deposit
   rates. The bank balances, restricted cash and pledged deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks
   with no recent history of default.


   As at 31 December 2025, included in the Group’s cash and bank balances were deposits of
   HK$104,000 (2024: HK$44,000), placed with TCL Technology Finance Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of TCL
   Technology, and a financial institution approved by the People’s Bank of China. The annual interest
   rate of such deposits is determined with reference to the deposit interest rates ranging from 0.14% to
   0.38% (2024: 0.35%) reported by the People’s Bank of China.


29. TRADE PAYABLES
                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                 Note         HK$’000          HK$’000


    Due to third parties                                                   17,683,842       14,926,811


    Due to related parties:
      Companies controlled by TCL Industries Holdings            (a)         5,559,615       4,049,782
      Affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings                      (a)           390,140         363,220
      Companies controlled by TCL Technology                     (a)         7,248,152       5,815,891
      Joint ventures and associates                              (a)         1,584,763       1,490,747


                                                                           14,782,670       11,719,640


    Total                                                                  32,466,512       26,646,451
236   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      29. TRADE PAYABLES (CONTINUED)
            Note:


            (a)       As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the amounts were interest-free, unsecured and repayable
                      within one year.


                      An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is
                      as follows:


                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000


                       Current to 90 days                                                         26,904,878         21,779,822
                       91 to 180 days                                                              4,285,646          3,852,823
                       181 to 365 days                                                               680,375            860,845
                       Over 365 days                                                                 595,613            152,961


                       Total                                                                      32,466,512         26,646,451


                      The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled within credit periods ranging from 30 to
                      180 days.



      30. BILLS PAYABLE
                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000


              Bills payable                                                                      12,449,066          5,839,326


            An ageing analysis of the bills payable as at the end of the reporting period, based on the maturity
            date, is as follows:


                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000


              Current to 90 days                                                                  5,917,709          2,518,195
              91 to 180 days                                                                      4,749,372          3,321,131
              181 to 365 days                                                                     1,781,985                     –


              Total                                                                              12,449,066          5,839,326
                                                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025         237


                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                       31 December 2025




31. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                          Notes           HK$’000            HK$’000


    Other payables                                                          (a)        10,923,442         11,113,618
    Advanced receipts                                                                         4,131              7,460
    Accruals                                                                            3,525,361          3,210,280
    Dividend payable                                                                              14                   17
    Contract liabilities                                                    (b)         1,025,381          1,524,580
    Due to companies controlled by TCL Industries Holdings                  (c)         1,135,163          2,184,924
    Due to affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings                            (c)            158,185            334,331
    Due to companies controlled by TCL Technology                           (c)            197,853            122,257
    Due to associates                                                       (c)             31,699             24,013


                                                                                       17,001,229         18,521,480


   Notes:

   (a)      As at 31 December 2025, except for amount of HK$18,732,000 which was interest-bearing at interest rate
            of 0.4%, the remaining other payables were non-interest-bearing and were expected to be settled within one
            year.

   (b)      Details of contract liabilities are as follows:


                                                                    31 December        31 December            1 January
                                                                           2025               2024                2024
                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000


             Short-term advances received from customers
             Sale of goods                                               975,490          1,401,151          1,157,314
             Video-on-demand services                                     95,009            123,429            110,041


             Total contract liabilities                                1,070,499          1,524,580          1,267,355


            Contract liabilities include short-term advances received to deliver goods and video-on-demand services.

            As at 31 December 2025, the total amount of short-term advances received was HK$1,070,499,000, out
            of which: (i) HK$1,025,381,000 were from non-related parties; (ii) HK$37,175,000 were from companies
            controlled by TCL Industries Holdings; (iii) HK$5,194,000 were from affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings;
            (iv) HK$2,468,000 were from companies controlled by TCL Technology; and (v) HK$281,000 were from
            associates.

   (c)      As at 31 December 2025, amounts due to companies controlled by TCL Industries Holdings of
            HK$699,641,000 (2024: HK$1,289,154,000) were interest bearing at 0.05% to 2.47% (2024: 0.05% to
            4.85%) per annum, amounts due to affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings of HK$26,611,000 (2024: Nil)
            were interest bearing at 0.05% to 1.25% (2024: Nil) per annum. The remaining amounts were interest-free,
            unsecured and repayable within one year.
238   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                2025      2024
                                                              HK$’000   HK$’000


              Non-current assets
              Call option                                       6,946     6,041


              Current assets
              Forward currency contracts                      146,139   456,228
              Call options and put options                     47,701    96,022


                                                              193,840   552,250


              Total                                           200,786   558,291


              Current liabilities
              Forward currency contracts                      148,533   353,309


              Total                                           148,533   353,309
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   239


                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2025




32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Cash flow hedge – Foreign currency risk
   Foreign currency forward contracts are designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges of
   forecast sales in BRL/EUR/GBP/MXN/CAD/AUD/JPY/RMB and forecast purchases in the USD, These
   forecast transactions are highly probable, and they comprise about 100% of the Group’s total expected
   sales in BRL/EUR/GBP/MXN/CAD/AUD/JPY/RMB and purchase in USD. The foreign exchange forward
   contract balances vary with the level of expected foreign currency sales and purchases and changes in
   foreign exchange forward rates.


   There is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging instruments as the terms
   of the foreign exchange forward match the terms of the expected highly probable forecast transactions
   (i.e., notional amount and expected payment date). To measure the hedge effectiveness, the Group
   uses the hypothetical derivative method and compares the changes in the fair value of the hedging
   instruments against the changes in fair value of the hedged items attributable to the hedged risks.


   Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from:


   •        Differences in the timing of the cash flows of the forecasted sales and purchases and the
            hedging instruments
   •        Different interest rate curves applied to discount the hedged items and hedging instruments
   •        The counterparties’ credit risks differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging
            instruments and hedged items
   •        Changes to the forecasted amounts of cash flows of hedged items and hedging instruments


   The Group holds the following foreign exchange forward contracts:


                                                                                 Less than
                                                                                  3 months             Total


       As at 31 December 2025
       Foreign currency forward contracts (highly probable forecast sales)
         Notional amount (in HK$’000)                                            2,395,138       2,395,138
       Foreign currency forward contracts (highly probable forecast
         purchases) Notional amount
         (in HK$’000)                                                            1,720,251       1,720,251
240   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Cash flow hedge – Foreign currency risk (continued)
            The impacts of the hedging instruments on the statement of financial position are as follows:


                                                                                                                     Change in
                                                                                                                 fair value used
                                                                                               Line item in       for measuring
                                                                                            the statement                hedge
                                                            Notional    Carrying                of financial    ineffectiveness
                                                             amount     amount                     position         for the year
                                                            HK$’000    HK$’000                                         HK$’000


              As at 31 December 2025


              Foreign currency forward contracts (highly    615,388       2,211        Derivative financial              6,530
                probable forecast sales)                                             instruments (assets)
              Foreign currency forward contracts (highly   1,779,750      7,841        Derivative financial            (36,289)
                probable forecast sales)                                           instruments (liabilities)
              Foreign currency forward contracts (highly           –          –        Derivative financial            (67,133)
                probable forecast purchases)                                         instruments (assets)
              Foreign currency forward contracts (highly   1,720,251     11,182        Derivative financial           (544,597)
                probable forecast purchases)                                       instruments (liabilities)


            The impacts of the hedged items on the statement of financial position are as follows:


                                                                        Change in fair value
                                                                         used for measuring
                                                                       hedge ineffectiveness                       Cash flow
                                                                                   for the year                hedge reserve
                                                                                       HK$’000                      HK$’000


              Year ended 31 December 2025
              Highly probable forecast sales                                            (29,759)                        3,389
              Highly probable forecast purchases                                      (611,730)                        (6,279)
                                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025                              241


                                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                 31 December 2025




32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Cash flow hedge – Foreign currency risk (continued)
   The effects of the cash flow hedge on the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
   are as follows:


                                                                                                    Amount reclassified from
                                                    Total hedging loss recognised                other comprehensive income to                  Line item
                                                   in other comprehensive income                         profit or loss                   (gross amount)
                                            Gross amount      Tax effect            Total Gross amount      Tax effect            Total   in profit or loss
                                                HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000


       Year ended 31 December 2025
       Highly probable forecast sales           (29,759)         (1,285)        (31,044)       29,330             136           29,466          Revenue/
                                                                                                                                           Administrative
                                                                                                                                                expenses
       Highly probable forecast purchases      (611,730)               –       (611,730)      519,064                –         519,064    Cost of sales/
                                                                                                                                           Administrative
                                                                                                                                                expenses


   Fair value hedge – Foreign currency risk
   Foreign currency forward contracts are designated as hedging instruments in fair value hedges of
   accounts receivable and accounts payables in USD from certain subsidiaries whose functional currency
   is RMB or HK$. There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument
   as the terms of the foreign currency forward contracts match the terms of accounts receivables and
   accounts payables.


   The Group has established a hedge ratio of 1:1 for the hedging relationships as the foreign currency
   risk of the foreign currency forward contracts is identical to that of the hedged risk component. To test
   the hedge effectiveness, the Group uses the hypothetical derivative method and compares the changes
   in the fair value of the hedging instrument against the changes in fair value of the hedged item
   attributable to the hedged risk.


   The hedge ineffectiveness can arise from:


   •           Differences in the timing of the fair value of the hedged item and the hedging instrument


   •           The counterparties’ credit risks differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging
               instruments and hedged items
242   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Fair value hedge – Foreign currency risk (continued)
            The impact of the hedging instrument on the statement of financial position is as follows:


                                                                                                               Change in
                                                                                                          fair value used
                                                                                                           for measuring
                                                                                          Line item in             hedge
                                                        Notional       Carrying      the statement of     ineffectiveness
                                                         amount         amount       financial position      for the year
                                                        HK$’000       HK$’000                                   HK$’000


              As at 31 December 2025
              Foreign currency forward contracts      3,931,732            163     Derivative financial        (725,394)
                                                                                          instruments


            The impact of the hedged item on the statement of financial position is as follows:


                                                                                                               Change in
                                                                                                          fair value used
                                                                                          Line item in     for measuring
                                                                   Accumulated          the statement              hedge
                                                        Carrying      fair value           of financial   ineffectiveness
                                                         amount    adjustments                position       for the year
                                                        HK$’000       HK$’000                                   HK$’000


              As at 31 December 2025
              Foreign trade receivables               3,191,809               –     Trade receivables            82,202
              Foreign trade payables                    739,923               –        Trade payables           614,270


            Non-hedging currency derivatives
            In addition, the Group has entered into various forward currency contracts to manage its exchange rate
            exposures. They are not designated for hedge purposes and are measured at fair value through profit
            or loss. Net loss of HK$2,439,000 (2024: net gain of HK$92,266,000) as a result of the changes in
            the fair value of these non-hedging derivative financial contracts were recognised in profit or loss for
            the year ended 31 December 2025.
                                                   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   243


                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                        31 December 2025




32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Call options and put options
   (1) TCL Call Options and TCL Put Options
       On 29 June 2018, the Group entered into new shareholders’ agreement with Radio Victoria
       Argentina S.A. (“RVF”), Sontec Argentina S.A. (“Sontec”) and the sellers (the “Sellers”) of RVF
       and Sontec, pursuant to which the Group was granted with:


       Call options (“TCL Call Options”) whereby the Group has the discretion to acquire additional
       equity interest in RVF and/or Sontec, subject to the total shareholding of the Group not
       exceeding 49% shareholding of RVF and/or Sontec at any time, at a consideration based on the
       net book value with reference to audited financial statements of RVF and Sontec respectively
       for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of the exercise, which is exercisable at any
       time within 8 years after the closing date of acquisition of RVF and Sontec (the “RVF and Sontec
       Acquisition”).


       Put options (“TCL Put Options”) whereby the Group has the discretion to dispose of all equity
       interest in RVF and/or Sontec at a consideration based on the net book value with reference
       to audited financial statements of RVF and Sontec respectively for the fiscal year immediately
       preceding the date of the exercise, which is exercisable at any time after 2 years and within 8
       years of the RVF and Sontec Acquisition.


       As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the fair values of options were determined by Asset
       Appraisal Limited based on the Black-Scholes Options Pricing Model. The key inputs into the
       model for the values of the options are as follows:


                                                                             TCL Call Option and
                                                                               TCL Put Option
                                                                                2025               2024


        Maturity (year)                                                           0.5               1.5
        Risk-free rate (%)                                                        3.6               4.1
        Volatility (%)                                                           31.7              30.8
244   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      32. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Call options and put options (continued)
            (2) TCL SEMP Call Option
                   On 7 July 2023, the Group, SEMP Amazonas S.A., a company incorporated under the laws of
                   Brazil with limited liability (“STA”), TCL SEMP and Affonso Brandão Hennel entered into the New
                   Shareholders’ Agreement in respect of TCL SEMP, pursuant to which STA granted the Call Option
                   (“TCL SEMP Call Option”) to the Group and the Group granted the Put Option (“TCL SEMP Put
                   Option”) to STA, pursuant to which both parties would have the right to purchase from the other,
                   and the counterparty would be obliged to sell, all but not less than all, of the remaining 25%
                   equity interest of TCL SEMP at the purchase price based on the audited net book value of TCL
                   SEMP on the date of exercise, which is exercisable upon occurrence of any trigger event, also
                   the TCL SEMP Put Option’s purchase price is subject to a maximum price of R$1,200,000,000
                   (equivalent to approximately HK$1,935,960,000).


                   As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of the call option was determined by Labeo Finance (31
                   December 2024: Labeo Finance) based on the Monte Carlo simulation model. The key inputs
                   into the model for the value of the call option are as follows:


                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                             TCL              TCL
                                                                                      SEMP Call        SEMP Call
                                                                                          Option           Option


                    Maturity (year)                                                         47.5             48.5
                    Risk-free rate (%)                                                       4.2              4.3
                    Volatility (%)                                                          29.8             25.4
                                                             TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025          245


                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                         31 December 2025




33. FINANCIAL LIABILITY ASSOCIATED WITH PUT OPTION
                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000


    Non-current: Redemption liability arising from TCL SEMP
      Put Option                                                                               214,218         188,666


   The amount represented financial liability associated with a put option granted to the non-controlling
   shareholder of TCL SEMP.


34. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                31 December 2025                           31 December 2024

                                     Contractual                                Contractual
                                    interest rate                              interest rate
                                             (%)      Maturity      HK$’000             (%)         Maturity     HK$’000


    Current
    Bank loans – unsecured          1.75 to 5.30         2026      5,711,458   1.95 to 5.77           2025     3,755,295
    Bank loans – secured            1.80 to 3.25         2026       111,000    3.25 to 4.00           2025       400,318
    Advances from banks as
     consideration for factored
     trade receivables              2.03 to 4.07         2026         2,919    4.51 to 5.11           2025        11,927
    Loans from a company
     controlled by TCL Industries
     Holdings                       2.00 to 3.66         2026        24,759            5.53           2025         4,859


                                                                   5,850,136                                   4,172,399


    Non-current
    Bank loans – unsecured                  2.40         2027       220,855    2.40 to 3.00       2026-2027      434,423
    Bank loans – secured                    3.25    2027-2039         3,081            3.25       2026-2039        3,237


                                                                    223,936                                      437,660


                                                                   6,074,072                                   4,610,059
246   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      34. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
          (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000


              Analysed into:
              Bank loans repayable:
                Within one year or on demand                                                5,825,377        4,167,540
                In the second year                                                            221,092          219,283
                In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                            712          216,066
                After fifth years                                                               2,132            2,311


                                                                                            6,049,313        4,605,200


              Analysed into:
              Other loans repayable:
                Within one year or on demand                                                   24,759             4,859


              Total                                                                         6,074,072        4,610,059


            Notes:

            (a)       As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts of the Group’s bank and other borrowings were
                      approximated to their fair values.

            (b)       TCL Industries Holdings has individually guaranteed certain of the Group’s bank loans of up to
                      HK$2,605,979,000 (2024: HK$1,838,914,000) as at the end of the reporting period.

            (c)       As at 31 December 2025, the Group's bank loans amounting to HK$114,081,000 (2024: HK$403,555,000)
                      are secured by the pledge of certain of the Group's debt investments at amortised cost amounting to
                      HK$110,760,000 (2024: Nil), trade receivables amounting to HK$1,676,000 (2024: Nil), restricted
                      cash and pledged deposits amounting to HK$1,690,000 (2024: Nil), inventories amounting to nil (2024:
                      HK$400,087,000) and future receivables amounting to nil (2024: HK$3,468,000).


            Included in bank and other loans are the following amounts denominated in currencies other than the
            functional currencies of the entities to which they relate:


                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000


              USD                                                                           3,600,309        3,160,442
              RMB                                                                           2,249,887        1,295,077
              EUR                                                                              20,562            6,492
              VND                                                                             203,314          148,048


              Total                                                                         6,074,072        4,610,059
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    247


                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                           31 December 2025




35. PROVISIONS
                                                             Onerous      Pending Restructuring
                                              Warranties     contract    litigation       costs        Total
                                               HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


    At 1 January 2025                         1,095,566       27,107        2,509          567    1,125,749
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)        62,341            –             –            –      62,341
    Additional provision                      1,631,363            –       37,455             –   1,668,818
    Reversal of unutilised amounts             (326,273)        (601)     (37,129)            –    (364,003)
    Amount utilised during the year          (1,060,527)      (2,267)            –            –   (1,062,794)
    Exchange realignment                         50,320          198          285           84       50,887


    At 31 December 2025                       1,452,790       24,437        3,120          651    1,480,998


   Warranties
   The Group provides warranties ranging from one to five years to its customers on certain of its
   electronic products, under which faulty products are repaired or replaced. The amount of the provision
   for the warranties is estimated based on sales volumes and past experience of the level of repairs and
   returns. The estimation basis is reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised where appropriate.


   Onerous contract
   The onerous contracts has been provided based on the least net cost of exiting from the contract,
   which is the lower of the cost of fulfilling it and any compensation or penalties arising from failure to
   fulfil it.


   Pending litigation
   Provision has been provided based on the best estimate of the litigation compensation.


   Restructuring costs
   The restructuring costs were mainly related to the redundancy costs incurred for a streamlined business
   model.
248   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      36. DEFERRED TAX
            The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:


            Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                      Fair value
                                                      Depreciation                  adjustments
                                                        allowance                   arising from
                                                        in excess                    acquisition
                                                        of related    Changes in              of     Right-of-   Deferred
                                                      depreciation     fair value   subsidiaries   use assets     income     Others      Total
                                                         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000   HK$’000


              At 1 January 2024                             1,240        52,816        299,532        64,850      81,992          –   500,430
              Deferred tax charged/(credited) to
               profit or loss during the year                 (83)        3,707        (14,966)         (975)    (50,985)         –   (63,302)
              Deferred tax charged/(credited) to
               other comprehensive income
               during the year                                   –       24,141          (3,770)            –           –         –    20,371
              Disposal of subsidiaries (note 43)                (4)            –              –         (227)           –         –      (231)
              Exchange realignment                              1        (5,772)         (1,739)      (1,712)       (893)         –   (10,115)


              Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31
               December 2024                                1,154        74,892        279,057        61,936      30,114          –   447,153
              Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)         4,818              –        22,955              –           –        6     27,779
              Deferred tax charged/(credited) to
               profit or loss during the year                 (37)      (29,252)       (15,350)       16,450      (8,470)     7,155   (29,504)
              Deferred tax charged to other
               comprehensive income
               during the year                                   –        1,288               –             –           –         –     1,288
              Exchange realignment                            508         1,441           2,645        2,372         647       499      8,112


              Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31
               December 2025                                6,443        48,369        289,307        80,758      22,291      7,660   454,828
                                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025           249


                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                               31 December 2025




36. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
   The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows: (continued)


   Deferred tax assets
                                                Elimination
                                              of unrealised                       Losses
                                             profits arising                    available
                                                       from     Accruals    for offsetting
                                                intra-group    and other against future      Changes in        Lease
                                              transactions     provisions taxable profits     fair value   liabilities      Total
                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000


    At 1 January 2024                             121,427       407,214           41,174        13,368       67,576      650,759
    Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
      profit or loss during the year                98,593      (49,568)         (27,879)      (24,656)      (3,456)      (6,966)
    Deferred tax credited to other
      comprehensive income during the year                –         815                 –       11,273              –     12,088
    Disposal of subsidiaries (note 43)                  (16)    (22,607)                –             –             –    (22,623)
    Exchange realignment                                  –     (35,475)          (2,230)            15      (1,688)     (39,378)


    Gross deferred tax assets at
      31 December 2024                            220,004       300,379           11,065              –      62,432      593,880
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                 –      19,830           20,440              –             –     40,270
    Deferred tax credited to
      profit or loss during the year                18,900      177,805           19,129         3,638       16,046      235,518
    Deferred tax charged to other
      comprehensive income during the year                –            –                –         (824)             –       (824)
    Exchange realignment                                 (1)     18,579            2,698             49       2,490       23,815


    Gross deferred tax assets at
      31 December 2025                            238,903       516,593           53,332         2,863       80,968      892,659
250   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      36. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
            For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the
            consolidated statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances
            of the Group for financial reporting purposes:


                                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


              Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
                statement of financial position                                          759,989          471,530
              Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
                statement of financial position                                          322,158          324,803


            Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:


                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                          HK$’000


              Tax losses                                                                                7,133,064
              Deductible temporary differences                                                          2,267,862


              Total                                                                                     9,400,926


            The above tax losses are available for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in
            which the losses arose, subject to certain tax rules of the countries/jurisdictions in which the Group
            operates. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the above items as it is not
            considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the above items can be utilised.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    251


                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                           31 December 2025




36. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
   Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared
   to foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in the PRC. The requirement
   is effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding
   tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between the PRC and the jurisdiction of the foreign
   investors. For the Group, the applicable rate is 5% or 10%. The Group is therefore liable for withholding
   taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in the PRC in respect of earnings
   generated from 1 January 2008.


   As at 31 December 2025, based on a number of factors including management’s estimation of the
   need for funds outside Chinese mainland and applicable tax laws and regulations, no deferred tax
   liabilities have been recognised for withholding income taxes in respect of earnings that were not
   expected to be remitted to their overseas holding companies in the foreseeable future or were expected
   to be retained by subsidiaries in Chinese mainland for reinvestment purposes. The aggregate amount
   of temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries in Chinese mainland for which
   deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised totalled approximately HK$11,889,877,000 as at
   31 December 2025 (2024: HK$10,285,792,000).


   There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its
   shareholders.


37. SHARE CAPITAL
   Shares
                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000


    Authorised:
      3,000,000,000 (2024: 3,000,000,000) shares of HK$1.00 each              3,000,000        3,000,000


    Issued and fully paid:
      2,520,935,155 (2024: 2,520,935,155) shares of HK$1.00 each              2,520,935        2,520,935
252   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      37. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)
            Shares (continued)
            A summary of movements in the Company’s issued share capital and share premium account is as
            follows:


                                                           Number of              Issued    Share premium
                                                       shares in issue           capital           account              Total
                                             Note                              HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000


            At 1 January 2024                         2,507,568,733          2,507,569          4,212,723         6,720,292
            Dividend paid to shareholders                            –                 –         (391,769)          (391,769)
            Issue of shares under the
              2008 Share Award Scheme                      8,788,507              8,789                   –            8,789
            Issue of shares upon exercise
              of share options                (a)          4,577,915              4,577            16,465             21,042


            At 31 December 2024 and
              1 January 2025                          2,520,935,155          2,520,935          3,837,419         6,358,354
            Dividend paid to shareholders                            –                 –         (769,507)         (769,507)
            Vesting of shares under the
              Share Award Schemes                                    –                 –         (115,094)         (115,094)
            Related distribution for
              shares held for the
              Share Award Schemes                                    –                 –          (51,048)           (51,048)


            At 31 December 2025                       2,520,935,155          2,520,935          2,901,770         5,422,705


            Note:


            (a)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, no share options were exercised.


                    During the year ended 31 December 2024, the subscription rights attaching to 4,577,915 share options
                    were exercised at the subscription prices of HK$3.5700 per share, resulting in the issue of an aggregate of
                    4,577,915 shares of HK$1.00 each for a total cash consideration of HK$16,344,000 before expenses. An
                    amount of HK$4,698,000 was transferred from the share option reserve to the share premium account upon
                    the exercise of the share options.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   253


                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2025




38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
   Share option scheme of the Company
   The Company adopted the 2023 share option scheme on 3 November 2023.


   2023 Share Option Scheme
   The Participants of the 2023 Share Option Scheme include (i) director(s) and employee(s) (whether full
   time or part time employees) of the Company and/or of any of its subsidiaries (including persons who
   are granted share wards or share options under the 2023 Share Option Scheme as an inducement to
   enter into employment contracts with these companies) (“Employee Participant(s)”); (ii) director(s) and
   employee(s) (whether full time or part time employee) of the holding company(ies), fellow subsidiary(ies)
   or associated company(ies) of the Company (“Related Entity Participant(s)”); and (iii) person(s) (whether
   a natural person, a corporate entity or otherwise) who provide services to the Group on a continuing
   and recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business which are in the interests of the
   long-term growth of the Group, including but not limited to person(s) who work for any member of
   the Group as independent contractors (such as agents, distributors, contractors, vendors, suppliers,
   advisers, consultants and other service providers of any member of the Group) where the continuity and
   frequency of their services are akin to those of employees, but excluding placing agents or financial
   advisers providing advisory services for fundraising, mergers or acquisitions or professional service
   providers such as auditors or valuers who provide assurance, or are required to perform their services
   with impartiality and objectivity (“Service Provider(s)”).


   The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued in respect of all share options that may
   be granted under the 2023 Share Option Scheme and all share options and all share awards that may
   be granted under all the schemes or arrangements involving the grant by the Company or any member
   of the Group of options over Shares or other securities of the Company to, or for the benefit of,
   specified participants of such schemes or arrangements which, in the opinion of the Hong Kong Stock
   Exchange, is analogous to a share scheme as described in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, other
   than the 2023 Share Option Scheme or the 2023 Share Award Scheme (as the case may be) (“Other
   Schemes”) existing at such time, must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in
   issue as at the date of approval of the 2023 Share Option Scheme (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”).
   The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued in respect of share options that may be
   granted to Service Providers under the under the 2023 Share Option Scheme and all share options
   and all share awards that may be granted under any Other Schemes existing at such time, must not
   in aggregate exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the date of approval of the 2023
   Share Option Scheme (the “Service Provider Sublimit”). The Scheme Mandate Limit and the Service
   Provider Sublimit may respectively be refreshed by ordinary resolution of the Shareholders in general
   meeting after three years from 3 November 2023 or the date of Shareholders’ approval for the last
   refreshment. The Scheme Mandate Limit is 250,756,873 Shares, representing approximately 9.95% of
   the issued Shares as at the date of this annual report.
254   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Share option scheme of the Company (continued)
            2023 Share Option Scheme (continued)
            The maximum number of Shares issued or to be issued upon exercise of share options granted to (i.e.
            the maximum entitlement of) any one participant in a 12-month period shall not exceed 1% (or 0.1% for
            any substantial Shareholder, independent non-executive Director, or any of their respective associates)
            of the number of issued Shares, unless otherwise approved by the Shareholders in a general meeting
            of the Company.


            Share options granted to a Director of the Company, chief executive or substantial Shareholder of
            the Company, or to any of their respective associates are subject to approval in advance by the
            independent non-executive Directors of the Company. In addition, the grant of any share options to a
            substantial Shareholder of the Company or an independent non-executive Director of the Company, or
            to any of their respective associates, in excess of 0.1% of the number of Shares of the Company in
            issue at any time within any 12-month period, are subject to Shareholders’ approval in advance in a
            general meeting of the Company.


            The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted upon payment of a non-refundable nominal
            consideration of HK$0.10, and within the period determined by the Board provided that no such offer
            shall be open for acceptance after the expiry or termination of the 2023 Share Option Scheme by each
            grantee.


            The exercise price of a share option to subscribe for Shares of the Company is determinable by the
            Directors, but may not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the Shares on the Hong Kong
            Stock Exchange on the date of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the Shares on the Hong Kong
            Stock Exchange for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal
            value of the Shares.


            The Directors of the Company have estimated the values of the share options granted, calculated
            using the binomial option pricing model as at the date of grant of the options. The values of share
            options calculated using the binomial model are subject to certain fundamental limitations, due to
            the subjective nature of and uncertainty relating to a number of assumptions of the expected future
            performance input to the model, and certain inherent limitations of the model itself.


            The value of an option varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions. Any change to
            the variables used may materially affect the estimation of the fair value of a share option.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025        255


                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                     31 December 2025




38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Share option scheme of the Company (continued)
   2023 Share Option Scheme (continued)
   There were no share options outstanding under the share option scheme as of 31 December 2025:


                                                            2025                                2024

                                                   Weighted                             Weighted
                                                     average                             average
                                              exercise price        Number of      exercise price         Number of
                                                   per share           options         per share             options
                                                         HK$              ’000               HK$               ’000


       At 1 January                                         –                  –          4.0584            34,924
       Forfeited during the year                            –                  –          4.1321            (30,347)
       Exercised during the year                            –                  –          3.5700             (4,577)


       At 31 December                                       –                  –                 –                 –


   The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the year
   ended 31 December 2024 was HK$4.5418 per share.


   The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding as at 31 December 2024
   were as follows:


   2024


       Number of options                           Exercise price per share*                         Exercise period
                      ’000                                               HK$


                         –                                           4.1520                                  Note 1
                         –                                           3.5700                                  Note 2


   *        The exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or bonus issues, or
            other similar changes in the Company’s share capital.
256   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Share option scheme of the Company (continued)
            2023 Share Option Scheme (continued)
            Note 1:   Subject to fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December 2018, up to about one-
                      sixth of the share options were exercisable commencing from 18 May 2019 to 22 January 2024 and up to
                      another about one-sixth of share options were exercisable commencing from 9 January 2020 to 22 January
                      2024; and subject to fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December 2019, up to
                      about one-sixth of the share options were exercisable commencing from 18 May 2020 to 22 January 2024
                      and up to another about one-sixth of share options were exercisable commencing from 9 January 2021 to
                      22 January 2024; and subject to fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December
                      2020, up to about one-sixth of the share options were exercisable commencing from 18 May 2021 to 22
                      January 2024 and up to another about one-sixth of share options were exercisable commencing from 9
                      January 2022 to 22 January 2024.


            Note 2:   Subject to fulfilment of the conditions for exercise of share options that the relevant option grantee (i) has
                      paid the costs incurred or to be incurred by the Company for the relevant part of the share options and
                      (ii) remains to be an employee of TCL Technology or TCL Industries Holdings on 15 June 2018, 15 June
                      2019 and 15 June 2020 (as the case may be) respectively, approximately one-third of the share options
                      were exercisable commencing from 15 June 2018 to 24 April 2024; another approximately one-third of
                      the share options were exercisable commencing from 15 June 2019 to 24 April 2024; and the remaining
                      approximately one-third of the share options were exercisable commencing from 15 June 2020 to 24 April
                      2024.


            There was no share option granted during 2025.


            Share award schemes of the Company
            2008 Share Award Scheme
            2008 Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Company on 6 February 2008 (the “Adoption Date”)
            (as amended on 11 August 2015, 13 June 2016, 24 November 2017 and 4 May 2018) to recognise
            and motivate the contribution of certain participants and to provide incentives and help the Group in
            retaining its existing employees and recruiting suitable personnel as additional employees to further
            extend the operation and development of the Group and to provide them with a direct economic interest
            in attaining the long-term business objectives of the Group.


            The 2008 Share Award Scheme comprises (i) the trust for management for the benefit of selected
            persons (“2008 Selected Persons” and each a “2008 Selected Person”, as defined in the circular of
            the Company dated 7 May 2028) including, among others, connected persons of the Company and the
            senior management of the Group and (ii) the trust for employees and others for the benefit of selected
            persons who are not connected persons of the Company. During the period from 1 January 2023 to 29
            November 2023, BOCI-Prudential Trustee Limited is responsible for administration of each of the trusts
            under the Award Scheme, whereas during the period from 30 November 2023 to the date of this annual
            report, BOCI Trustee (Hong Kong) Limited is responsible for administration of each of the trusts under
            the 2008 Share Award Scheme.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   257


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                           31 December 2025




38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Share award schemes of the Company (continued)
   2008 Share Award Scheme (continued)
   Pursuant to the terms of the 2008 Share Award Scheme:


   1.    The Board may, from time to time, at its sole and absolute discretion, designate any award to
         be made to any selected participant. Participants cover (i) employees, advisers, consultants,
         agents, contractors, clients or suppliers of any member of the Group; and (ii) employees
         or officers of the affiliated companies whom the Board in its sole discretion considers may
         contribute or have contributed to the Group.


   2.    An award may be satisfied by existing shares to be acquired by the trustee for the time being
         (“Trustee”) from the market or new shares to be allotted and issued to the Trustee by the
         Company (collectively “Awarded Shares”) to be held on trust by the Trustee for the Selected
         Persons until the end of each vesting period subject to fulfilment of the vesting condition(s). The
         Board has the discretion to decide whether the Awarded Shares are the existing shares or new
         shares.


   3.    The 2008 Selected Persons shall also be entitled to the related distribution derived from the
         relevant Awarded Shares, which mainly covers a dividend paid by the Company in respect of
         the Awarded Shares concerned distributed during the period from the grant date to the vesting
         date of the Awarded Shares. The Awarded Shares and related distribution shall however only be
         vested on the relevant Selected Persons on the vesting date subject to fulfilment of the vesting
         conditions.


   4.    The Company may be obliged to pay the taxes and levies on behalf of the 2008 Selected
         Persons at the time when the liabilities arise and has the discretion to deduct from such number
         of Awarded Shares entitled by the relevant 2008 Selected Persons a certain number of the
         Awarded Shares which is sufficient to cover the relevant liabilities of such taxes and levies as
         reimbursement. The Awarded Shares so deducted will become returned shares, which will be
         held by the Trustee and may be awarded as Awarded Shares pursuant to the Award Scheme.


   5.    The maximum aggregate number of shares awarded by the Board under the 2008 Share Award
         Scheme is ten percent (10%) of the number of issued shares of the Company as at 23 May
         2018 (the “Amendment Date”), excluding all the shares awarded under the rules of the pre-
         amended 2008 Share Award Scheme up to the Amendment Date.


   6.    The duration of the 2008 Share Award Scheme is 15 years from the Adoption Date, i.e.,
         continue in force until 5 February 2023.


   7.    The Board may, at its sole and absolute discretion, accelerate the vesting of awarded shares
         add/or waive and/or alter any or all of the vesting conditions attached to the Awarded Shares.
258   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Share award schemes of the Company (continued)
            2023 Share Award Scheme
            Following the expiration of the 2008 Share Award Scheme on 5 February 2023, the Company adopted
            2023 Share Award scheme on 3 November 2023. The 2023 Share Award Scheme constitutes a share
            scheme involving grant of, among others, new Shares under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. Details of
            the 2023 Share Award Scheme were set out in the circular of the Company dated 17 October 2023.


            The 2023 Share Award Scheme comprises (i) the trust for connected persons of the Company and (ii)
            the trust for non-connected persons of the Company. The Company has appointed BOCI Trustee (Hong
            Kong) Limited for administration of each of the trusts under the 2023 Share Award Scheme.


            Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 Share Award Scheme:


            1.     Upon and subject to the terms of the 2023 Share Award Scheme and all applicable laws, rules
                   and regulations (including the Listing Rules), the Board shall be entitled at any time within the
                   period commencing on 3 November 2023 and expiring on the day immediately preceding its
                   tenth anniversary (both days inclusive) but subject to early termination pursuant to the provisions
                   of the rules of the 2023 Share Award Scheme in its present or any amended form select any
                   participant (other than any excluded person) for participation in the 2023 Share Award Scheme.
                   Until and unless so selected, no participant shall be entitled to participate in the 2023 Share
                   Award Scheme. The participants of the 2023 Share Award Scheme include Employee Participants
                   (as defined in the circular of the Company dated 17 October 2023), Related Entity Participants
                   (as defined in the circular of the Company dated 17 October 2023), and Service Providers (as
                   defined in the circular of the Company dated 17 October 2023), and provided that if and only if a
                   share award is to be made in the form of existing Shares, Participants in respect of such share
                   award shall also include any other person(s) whom the Board in its sole discretion considers
                   may contribute or have contributed to the Group (including but not limited to employees and
                   officers of any invested entities of the Company, of any affiliated entities of the Company, and/
                   or of any Service Provider).
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   259


                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                         31 December 2025




38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Share award schemes of the Company (continued)
   2023 Share Award Scheme (continued)
   Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 Share Award Scheme: (continued)


   2.    For the purpose of satisfying any award to be granted under the 2023 Share Award Scheme
         from time to time, the relevant Trustee shall maintain a pool of Shares of the Company in the
         trust funds. Such pool of Shares of the Company shall comprise the following: (i) such existing
         Shares of the Company as may be purchased or acquired by the Trustee on-market or off-market
         by utilising the funds allocated by the Board out of the Group’s resources or cash proceeds in
         the trust funds pursuant to the 2023 Share Award Scheme; (ii) such new Shares of the Company
         as may be subscribed for by the Trustee by utilising the funds allocated by the Board out of
         the Group’s resources or cash proceeds in the trust funds pursuant to the 2023 Share Award
         Scheme; and (iii) such other Shares in the trust funds, including returned shares, Shares of the
         Company derived from Shares held by the Trustee (including fractional Shares resulting from
         any consolidation, re-classification or reorganisation of Shares of the Company, Shares as may
         be allotted or issued to the Trustee as a holder of Shares whether by way of distribution in
         scrip form, bonus Shares or otherwise), Shares transferred or caused to be transferred by the
         Company from other trusts set up by the Company for the purpose of share incentive schemes
         and, accepted by the Trustee as additions.


   3.    The Board or any committee of the Board or person(s) to whom the Board has delegated its
         authority for administration of the 2023 Share Award Scheme shall have the general power from
         time to time to determine whether a selected person (“2023 Selected Person”, as defined in the
         circular of the Company dated 17 October 2023) is entitled to the related distribution in respect
         of an award. The Awarded Shares (together with the related distributions, if any) shall only be
         vested on the relevant selected persons on the vesting date subject to fulfilment of the vesting
         conditions.


   4.    In the event that the Company is obliged, required or otherwise requested to pay for and on
         behalf of the relevant selected person any tax and/or other expenses which are to be borne
         by him, the Company shall be entitled, as the Board may in its sole and absolute discretion
         determine, to elect on the vesting date to recover such amount of tax and/or other expenses
         paid by the Company for the selected person as reimbursement in accordance with the terms of
         the 2023 Share Award Scheme.
260   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Share award schemes of the Company (continued)
            2023 Share Award Scheme (continued)
            Pursuant to the terms of the 2023 Share Award Scheme: (continued)


            5.     The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued in respect of all share awards to
                   be granted under the 2023 Share Award Scheme, and all share options and all share awards
                   to be granted under any Other Schemes existing at such time, must not in aggregate exceed
                   10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the date of approval of the 2023 Share Award
                   Scheme. The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued in respect of all share
                   awards to be granted that may be granted to Service Providers under the under the 2023 Share
                   Award Scheme and all share options and all share awards that may be granted under any Other
                   Schemes existing at such time, must not in aggregate exceed 1% of the total number of Shares
                   in issue as at the date of approval of the 2023 Share Award Scheme. The Scheme Mandate
                   Limit and the Service Provider Sublimit may respectively be refreshed by ordinary resolution of
                   the Shareholders in general meeting after three years from 3 November 2023 or the date of
                   Shareholders’ approval for the last refreshment. The Scheme Mandate Limit is 250,756,873
                   Shares, representing approximately 9.95% of the issued Shares as at the date of this annual
                   report.


            6.     The 2023 Share Award Scheme became effective on 3 November 2023 and, unless otherwise
                   cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date until 2 November 2033.


            7.     The Company may, at any time during the subsistence of the relevant trusts in respect of
                   the 2023 Share Award Scheme, and at its sole and absolute discretion, alter the terms and
                   conditions of the awards granted to a selected person (including but not limited to (i) accelerate
                   the vesting of such awarded Shares to an earlier date; (ii) postpone the vesting of such awards
                   to a later date; and/or (iii) waive or alter any or all of the vesting conditions attached to such
                   awarded Shares in accordance with the terms of the 2023 Share Award Scheme.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025      261


                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                               31 December 2025




38. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Share award schemes of the Company (continued)
   The following Awarded Shares were outstanding during the year:


                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                 Number of          Number of
                                                                            Awarded Shares     Awarded Shares
                                                                                      ’000               ’000


    At 1 January
         – Number of Awarded Shares held by the Trustee                              97,479             70,788
         – Number of Awarded Shares granted but not vested                           82,279             37,002
         – Number of Awarded Shares available for grant                             168,487            250,757


    At 31 December
      – Number of Awarded Shares held by the Trustee                                117,254             97,479
      – Number of Awarded Shares granted but not vested                             135,207             82,279
      – Number of Awarded Shares available for grant                                 76,989            168,487


    Granted during the year (note a)                                                 91,498             82,270
      – Grant using existing shares                                                  91,498             82,270
    Lapsed during the year                                                            4,101              2,920
    Vested during the year                                                           34,469             34,073


    Purchased during the year (note b)                                               48,800             41,523
    Allotted and issued during the year (note c)                                          –              8,789
    Individual income tax paid on behalf of the Selected Persons
       during the year (note d)                                                        5,444            10,452


   Notes:

   (a)      For the year ended 31 December 2025, 91,497,900 (2024: 82,270,000) Awarded Shares were granted to
            the Selected Employees. The fair values of the Awarded Shares on the date of grant were HK$598,396,000
            (HK$6.54 per share) (2024: HK$190,866,000 (HK$2.32 per share)), of which the Group recognised
            employee share-based compensation benefits under the Award Scheme of HK$263,009,000 (2024:
            HK$82,531,000) in respect of the Awarded Shares granted to the Selected Employees.

   (b)      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the trustee purchased 48,800,000 (2024: 41,523,000) Awarded
            shares at a total cost (including transaction costs) of HK$447,471,000 (2024: HK$199,985,000).

   (c)      For the year ended 31 December 2025, no (2024: 8,788,507) Awarded Shares were allotted and issued to
            the trustee at par value.

   (d)      For the year ended 31 December 2025, tax has been paid by the Group on behalf of certain Selected
            Persons whose rights were vested in the Awarded Shares and 5,444,518 (2024: 10,452,213) Awarded
            Shares were deducted from the total number of Awarded Shares entitled to be vested to those Selected
            Persons as the settlement for the individual income tax paid by the Group on their behalf.
262   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      39. RESERVES
            The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are
            presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 136 and 137.


            (i)    Share option reserve
                   The share option reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be
                   exercised, as further explained in the accounting policy for share-based payments in note 2.4 to
                   the financial statements. The amount will either be transferred to the share premium account
                   when the related options are exercised, or be transferred to retained profits should the related
                   options expire after the vesting period.


            (ii) Capital reserve
                   The Group’s capital reserve represented the excess of the nominal value of the shares of the
                   subsidiaries acquired prior to the listing of the Company’s shares over the nominal value of the
                   Company’s shares issued in exchange therefor as well as the difference between the amounts of
                   consideration and the carrying values of non-controlling interests acquired or disposed of.


            (iii) Reserve funds
                   Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, a portion of the profits of the Group’s
                   subsidiaries in the PRC has been transferred to the reserve funds which are restricted to use.


            (iv) Awarded share reserve
                   The awarded share reserve represents the excess of the fair value of the Awarded Shares over
                   the total cost (including related transaction costs) of the Awarded Shares awarded and vested to
                   the selected employees at the date of award.


            (v) Cash flow hedge reserve
                   The cash flow hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net gain or loss
                   on the hedging instruments used in cash flow hedges pending subsequent recognition of the
                   hedged cash flows in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for cash flow hedges.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   263


                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2025




40. P A R T L Y - O W N E D S U B S I D I A R Y W I T H M A T E R I A L N O N -
    CONTROLLING INTERESTS
    Details of Falcon Network Technology Group, the Group’s subsidiary that has material non-controlling
    interests are set out below:


                                                                                       2025             2024


     Falcon Network Technology Group                                                 17.78%           17.78%


                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                                   HK$’000          HK$’000


     Profit for the year allocated to non-controlling interests                      71,937           48,853


     Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests at the reporting
       date                                                                         502,100         418,052


    The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiary. The
    amounts disclosed are before any inter-company eliminations:


                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                             (Consolidated)    (Consolidated)
                                                                                   HK$’000          HK$’000


     Revenue                                                                      2,346,820       1,981,168
     Total expenses                                                              (1,942,227)      (1,706,404)
     Profit for the year                                                            404,593         274,764
     Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                  68,115          (51,389)
     Total comprehensive income for the year                                        472,708         223,375


     Current assets                                                               3,912,760       3,228,594
     Non-current assets                                                              62,563         136,222
     Current liabilities                                                           (930,396)        (806,720)
     Non-current liabilities                                                        (37,756)         (26,281)


     Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                              62,244          (69,223)
     Net cash flows used in investing activities                                       (554)        (121,185)
     Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities                             (58,920)          50,509


     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                             2,770         (139,899)
264   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      41. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
            Financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety
            Factoring trade receivables
            At 31 December 2025, the Group has entered into certain receivables purchase agreements with
            financial institutions for the factoring of trade receivables due from certain specified customers with
            an aggregate carrying amount of HK$4,730,706,000 (2024: HK$4,046,576,000). In the opinion of
            the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the factored
            trade receivables. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the factored trade
            receivables. The maximum exposures to loss from the Group’s continuing involvement in the factored
            trade receivables and the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these factored trade receivables are
            equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the directors, the fair values of the Group’s continuing
            involvement in the factored trade receivables are not significant.


            Bills discounted
            At 31 December 2025, certain bills receivable were with a carrying amount of HK$2,170,332,000
            (2024: HK$3,480,525,000) discounted by banks in the PRC and banks in Hong Kong. In the opinion of
            the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the discounted
            bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the discounted bills. The maximum
            exposure to loss from the Group’s continuing involvement in the discounted bills and the undiscounted
            cash flows to repurchase these discounted bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of
            the directors, the fair values of the Group’s continuing involvement in the discounted bills are not
            significant.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     265


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2025




41. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED)
   Financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety (continued)
   Endorsed bills
   At 31 December 2025, certain subsidiaries of the Group endorsed certain bills receivable accepted
   by banks in the PRC (the “derecognised bills”) to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade
   payables due to such suppliers with a carrying amount in aggregate of HK$2,044,990,000 (2024:
   HK$1,989,649,000). The derecognised bills had a maturity of one to six months at the end of the
   reporting period. In accordance with the Law of Negotiable Instruments in the PRC, the holders of the
   derecognised bills have a right of recourse against the Group if the PRC banks default. In the opinion of
   the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the derecognised
   bills and the associated trade payables. The maximum exposures to loss from the Group’s continuing
   involvement in the derecognised bills and the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these
   derecognised bills are equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the directors, the fair values of
   the Group’s continuing involvement in the derecognised bills are not significant.


   Financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety
   Factoring trade receivables
   During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group entered into trade receivable factoring
   arrangements and transferred certain trade receivables to banks. Under the arrangements, the Group
   was required to pay interest to banks during the payment term of trade debtors or a certain period,
   using the less. The Group is not exposed to default risks of the trade debtors after the transfer.
   Subsequent to the transfer, the Group did not retain any rights on the use of the trade receivables,
   including the sale, transfer or pledge of the trade receivables to any other third parties. The carrying
   amount of the assets that the Group continued to recognise and that of the associated liabilities as at
   31 December 2025 amounted to HK$2,919,000 (2024: HK$11,927,000).


42. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
   Year ended 31 December 2025
   On 14 February 2025, TCL NL (a subsidiary of the Company) entered into a stock purchase and sale
   agreement with Radio Victoria S.A. (an independent third party), pursuant to which TCL NL agreed
   to acquire and Radio Victoria S.A. agreed to sell 60% equity interest of TCL Chile (a then associate
   of the Company) at the consideration of approximately USD3,879,000 (equivalent to approximately
   HK$30,218,000). The transaction was completed in February 2025 and TCL Chile has become a wholly-owned
   subsidiary of the Company since then.
266   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      42. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)
            Year ended 31 December 2025 (continued)
            On 31 March 2025, TCL Energy Solution Co., Limited (“TCL Energy Solution”, a subsidiary of the
            Company) entered into a sale and purchase agreement with, among others, LUMETECH PTE. LTD.
            (“Lumetech PTE.”, an indirect subsidiary of TCL Technology), pursuant to which, among other things,
            Lumetech PTE. agreed to sell, and TCL Energy Solution agreed to acquire, 14,157,716 issued and fully-
            paid ordinary shares of TCL SunPower Global at the consideration of approximately USD15,280,000
            (equivalent to approximately HK$119,290,000).


            On 31 March 2025, TCL Sunpower International PTE. Ltd. (“TCL Sunpower”, a subsidiary of TCL
            Technology as the licensor) and TCL Energy Solution (as the licensee), entered into a trademark license
            agreement, pursuant to which, TCL Sunpower granted TCL Energy Solution and all of its related parties
            the use of certain trademarks in specific regions for licensed products for 10 years effective from 1
            April 2025. The license fee amounted to USD6,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$50,960,000).


            On 1 April 2025, TCL Energy Solution entered into a share subscription agreement with Lumetech
            PTE. and TCL SunPower Global, pursuant to which TCL Energy Solution agreed to subscribe for
            9,265,265 ordinary shares to be issued and allotted by TCL SunPower Global at the consideration of
            USD10,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$78,071,000). Upon completion of the aforementioned
            two transactions involving, among others, TCL Energy Solution and Lumetech PTE., TCL Energy Solution
            held 90.01% equity interest of TCL SunPower Global.


            TCL SunPower Global is principally engaged in the sales of new energy products, including photovoltaic
            modules, residential energy storage systems and heat pumps. The aforementioned two transactions
            involving, among others, TCL Energy Solution and Lumetech PTE. were completed in April 2025 and TCL
            SunPower Global has become a non wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company since then.


            The Group has elected to measure the non-controlling interest in TCL SunPower Global at the non-
            controlling interest’s proportionate share of TCL SunPower Global’s identifiable net assets.


            TCL Chile and TCL SunPower Global are collectively referred to as the Acquired Subsidiaries.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    267


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2025




42. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)
   Year ended 31 December 2025 (continued)
   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the Acquired Subsidiaries as at the dates of
   acquisition were as follows:


                                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                                                recognised
                                                                                             on acquisition
                                                                                   Notes          HK$’000


    Property, plant and equipment                                                    13             57,185
    Right-of-use assets                                                             15(a)            5,809
    Other intangible assets                                                          17             60,337
    Deferred tax assets                                                              36             40,270
    Equity investments designated at fair value through other
      comprehensive income                                                           48                 8
    Inventories                                                                                   284,513
    Trade receivables                                                                             106,091
    Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                               179,715
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                           7,199
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      21,897
    Tax receivable                                                                                 15,041
    Trade payables                                                                               (390,934)
    Other payables and accruals                                                                  (165,924)
    Derivative financial instruments                                                                 (456)
    Tax payable                                                                                   (15,871)
    Lease liabilities                                                               15(b)          (6,000)
    Provision                                                                        35           (62,341)
    Other long-term payables                                                                      (23,632)
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                         36           (27,779)
    Non-controlling interests                                                                           1


    Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                     85,129
    Fair value of 40% equity interest held immediately before the
      step acquisition                                                                             (20,145)
    Non-controlling interests                                                                       (4,753)


    Goodwill on acquisition                                                          16           167,348

    Satisfied by:
      Cash                                                                                        128,147
      Trade receivables                                                                            20,970
      Other payables                                                                               78,462
268   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      42. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)
            Year ended 31 December 2025 (continued)
            An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the Acquired Subsidiaries are as follows:


                                                                                                          2025
                                                                                                       HK$’000


              Cash consideration                                                                      (128,147)
              Cash and bank balances acquired                                                           21,897


              Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from
                investing activities                                                                  (106,250)


              Total net cash outflow                                                                  (106,250)


            The fair values of the trade receivables and other receivables as at the date of acquisition amounted
            to HK$106,091,000 and HK$148,982,000, respectively. The gross contractual amounts of trade
            receivables and other receivables were HK$108,580,000 and HK$163,907,000, respectively.


            Since the acquisition, the acquisition of subsidiaries contributed HK$1,090,003,000 to the Group’s
            revenue and resulted in a deficit of HK$146,561,000 in the consolidated profit for the year ended 31
            December 2025.


            Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year, the revenue of the Group and the profit
            of the Group for the year would have been HK$114,752,905,000 and HK$2,541,533,000, respectively.


            Year ended 31 December 2024
            On 28 April 2024, TCL King (Huizhou) entered into an acquisition agreement with Shenzhen Qianhai
            Qihang International Supply Chain Management Co., Limited* (“Shenzhen Qihang”, 深圳前海啟航國
            際供應鏈管理有限公司, an associate of TCL Industries Holdings), pursuant to which Shenzhen Qihang
            had agreed to sell, and TCL King (Huizhou) had agreed to acquire, 100% of equity interest in Huizhou
            Yunxin Technology Co., Limited* (“Huizhou Yunxin”, 惠州市蘊鑫科技有限公司) at the consideration of
            approximately RMB10,780,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$11,810,000). The transaction was
            completed in July 2024 and Huizhou Yunxin has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group since
            then.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   269


                                                               Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                          31 December 2025




42. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)
   Year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
   On 11 June 2024, TCL Energy & Mobile Technology Netherlands B.V. (“TCL Energy”) entered into an
   acquisition agreement with FORIS Gründungs GmbH (“FORIS”, an independent third party), pursuant
   to which FORIS agreed to sell, and TCL Energy agreed to acquire, 100% of the equity interest in
   TCL Energy (Germany) GmbH (“TCL Energy (Germany)”) at the cash consideration of approximately
   EUR25,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$209,000). TCL Energy (Germany) is principally engaged in
   trading of photovoltaic products since the completion of the acquisition. The transaction was completed
   in June 2024 and TCL Energy (Germany) has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group since
   then.


   On 26 July 2024, TTE Corporation entered into the acquisition agreement with Wuhan TCL Home
   Appliances Co., Ltd.* (“Wuhan Home Appliances”, 武漢TCL家電有限公司, a subsidiary of TCL Industries
   Holdings), pursuant to which Wuhan Home Appliances had agreed to sell, and TTE Corporation had
   agreed to acquire, 100% of equity interest in TCL Global Marketing at the consideration of HK$1.
   The transaction was completed in July 2024 and TCL Global Marketing has become a wholly-owned
   subsidiary of the Group since then.


   Huizhou Yunxin, TCL Energy (Germany) and TCL Global Marketing are collectively referred to as the
   2024 Acquired Subsidiaries.


   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the 2024 Acquired Subsidiaries as at the
   dates of acquisition were as follows:


                                                                                               Fair value
                                                                                           recognised on
                                                                                              acquisition
                                                                                  Notes         HK$’000


    Property, plant and equipment                                                  13                  5
    Inventories                                                                                       46
    Trade receivables                                                                            710,464
    Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                              162,492
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     15,426
    Trade payables                                                                              (838,132)
    Other payables and accruals                                                                  (23,504)
    Tax payable                                                                                   (2,655)


    Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                   24,142


    Gain on bargain purchase recognised in other income and
      gains in profit or loss                                                      5, 7          (12,123)

    Satisfied by:
      Cash                                                                                        12,019
270   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      42. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)
            Year ended 31 December 2024 (continued)
            An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the 2024 Acquired Subsidiaries is as follows:


                                                                                                           2024
                                                                                                        HK$’000


              Cash consideration                                                                        (12,019)
              Cash and bank balances acquired                                                            15,426


              Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from investing
                activities                                                                                3,407
              Transaction costs of the acquisition included in cash flows from
                operating activities                                                                         (29)


              Total net cash inflow                                                                       3,378


            The fair values and gross contractual amounts of the trade receivables and other receivables as at the
            dates of acquisition amounted to HK$710,464,000 and HK$162,492,000, respectively.


            Since the acquisition, the 2024 Acquired Subsidiaries contributed HK$28,036,000 to the Group’s
            revenue and HK$238,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2024.


            The Group incurred transaction costs of HK$29,000 for the acquisitions. These transaction costs have
            been expensed and are included in administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or
            loss.


            Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year, the revenue of the Group and the profit
            of the Group for the year would have been HK$99,357,951,000 and HK$1,851,521,000, respectively.
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   271


                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                         31 December 2025




43. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                               Notes         HK$’000           HK$’000


    Net assets disposed of:
      Property, plant and equipment                             13                660           42,579
      Right-of-use assets                                      15(a)                 –          10,895
      Goodwill                                                  16                   –          24,687
      Other intangible assets                                   17                   –              120
      Deferred tax assets                                       36                   –          22,623
      Other deferred assets                                                     8,166             1,516
      Inventories                                                                    –         626,939
      Trade receivables                                                       260,295          431,357
      Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                           9,482           87,916
      Tax recoverable                                                             102           21,279
      Derivative financial instruments                                               –            2,334
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                   229          131,999
      Trade payables                                                          (87,696)         (970,790)
      Other payables and accruals                                            (168,423)         (109,884)
      Lease liabilities                                        15(b)                 –          (10,639)
      Other long-term payables                                                   (901)                –
      Provisions                                                                     –           (4,401)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                  36                   –             (231)
      Other non-current liabilities                                                  –          (42,178)


    Subtotal                                                                   21,914          266,121


    Non-controlling interests                                                        –            2,064
    Release of exchange fluctuation reserve upon disposal                         174              (567)


    Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                            5, 7              510           52,807


    Satisfied by
      Cash                                                                     22,597           40,820
      Other receivables                                                              1         279,605


                                                                               22,598          320,425
272   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      43. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
            An analysis of the net inflow/(outflow) of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of
            subsidiaries is as follows:


                                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                                           HK$’000          HK$’000


              Cash consideration received                                                    22,597          40,820
              Cash and bank balances disposed of                                               (229)        (131,999)


              Net inflow/(outflow) of cash and cash equivalents in respect of
                the disposal of subsidiaries                                                 22,368          (91,179)



      44. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
            (a) Major non-cash transactions
                   During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
                   HK$265,190,000 (2024: HK$207,955,000) and HK$265,190,000 (2024: HK$207,955,000),
                   respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for plant and equipment.


            (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                             Dividend
                                                                                              payable
                                                              Bank loans                     included
                                                               and other          Lease       in other
                                                              borrowings    liabilities      payables          Total
                                                                HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000


                    At 1 January 2025                         4,610,059     357,412                17      4,967,488
                    Changes from financing cash flows         1,366,345     (181,719)       (801,662)       382,964
                    Foreign exchange movement                    51,143         24,165                 –     75,308
                    Interest expense accrued but
                      not yet due                                46,525               –                –     46,525
                    Acquisition of subsidiaries                        –          6,000                –       6,000
                    New lease arising form addition of
                      right-of-use assets                              –    265,190                    –    265,190
                    Change in lease contracts                          –         (8,422)               –      (8,422)
                    Interest expense – lease liabilities               –        18,440                 –     18,440
                    Interest paid classified as operating
                      cash flows                                       –        (18,440)               –     (18,440)
                    Dividends payable                                  –              –      801,659        801,659


                    At 31 December 2025                       6,074,072     462,626                14      6,536,712
                                                   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     273


                                                              Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                        31 December 2025




44. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
    (CONTINUED)
   (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities (continued)
                                                                                Dividend
                                                                                 payable
                                                Bank loans                      included
                                                 and other         Lease         in other
                                                borrowings      liabilities    payables              Total
                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


        At 1 January 2024                       5,811,654        407,316              16    6,218,986
        Changes from financing cash flows       (1,142,225)     (193,245)      (403,348)    (1,738,818)
        Foreign exchange movement                  (59,370)      (28,330)               –         (87,700)
        Disposal of subsidiaries                         –       (10,639)               –         (10,639)
        New lease arising form addition of
          right-of-use assets                            –       207,955                –     207,955
        Change in lease contracts                        –       (25,645)               –         (25,645)
        Interest expense – lease liabilities             –        19,794                –         19,794
        Interest paid classified as operating
          cash flows                                     –       (19,794)               –         (19,794)
        Dividends payable                                –               –     403,349        403,349


        At 31 December 2024                     4,610,059        357,412              17    4,967,488


   (c) Total cash outflow for leases
       The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:


                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000


        Within operating activities                                           217,224         131,895
        Within financing activities                                           181,719         193,245


        Total                                                                 398,943         325,140
274   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      45. COMMITMENTS
            (a)    The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


                    Contracted, but not provided for:
                      Capital contribution payable to a subsidiary                             –         369,544
                      Capital contribution payable to an equity investment
                         designated at fair value through other comprehensive
                         income                                                         170,264          170,355


                    Total                                                               170,264          539,899



            (b)    The Group has various lease contracts that have not yet commenced as at 31 December 2025.
                   The future lease payments for these non-cancellable lease contracts are HK$22,368,000 due
                   within one year, HK$64,125,000 due in the second to fifth years, inclusive, and HK$4,475,000
                   due after fifth years.


            (c)    The Group has various short-term leases and leases of low-value assets contracts that have not
                   yet completed as at 31 December 2025. The future lease payments for these non-cancellable
                   lease contracts are HK$56,220,000 due within one year and HK$982,000 due in the second to
                   fifth years, inclusive.


      46. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
            TCL SEMP Eletroeletronicos is currently a respondent in a tax assessment dispute in Brazil with Brazil
            tax authority for alleged improper application of tax credits for the financial years of 2012 and 2013.
            As at 31 December 2025, the tax assessment dispute was still ongoing. The information usually
            required by HKAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets is not disclosed on the
            grounds that such disclosure can be expected to prejudice seriously the outcome. The Group has not
            made any provision as the Group, based on the advice from its legal counsel, believes that TCL SEMP
            Eletroeletronicos has a valid defence against the allegation.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025      275


                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2025




47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   (a)   In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had
         the following material transactions with related parties during the year:


                                                                                      2025             2024
                                                                  Notes          HK$’000            HK$’000


          Joint ventures:
            Sales of raw materials and finished goods               (i)        1,271,402          3,224,641
            After-sales service income                              (ii)              3,431            3,057
            Purchase of raw materials and finished goods            (vi)                  –         634,917
            Rental related income                                   (x)                   –              422
            Other service income                                   (xv)                   –          31,300


          Associates:
            Interest income                                        (iii)                63               751
            Purchase of raw materials and finished goods            (vi)       2,426,768          1,248,450
            Sales of raw materials and finished goods               (i)        3,184,720            908,926
            After-sales service income                              (ii)              4,720            2,886
            IT and other service fees                              (viii)            25,142                –
            Subcontracting fee expense                             (xvii)        430,364            358,544
            Rental related income                                   (x)                800               967
            Construction service income                           (xviii)             1,202                –
            Other service income                                   (xv)          114,809             85,743
276   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (a)    In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had
                   the following material transactions with related parties during the year: (continued)


                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                            Notes          HK$’000           HK$’000


                    Companies controlled by TCL Industries Holdings:
                      Interest income                                        (iii)         102,250           166,520
                      Interest expense                                       (iv)             9,772           23,269
                      Sales of raw materials and finished goods               (i)      10,545,922          11,204,888
                      Purchase of raw materials and finished goods           (vi)      10,497,888          10,191,379
                      Rental related income                                   (x)             8,463           10,818
                      Rental expense and licence fee                         (xi)             2,616           16,829
                      Brand promotion fee                                    (xii)         626,068           549,621
                      Operation and maintenance service income               (vii)          22,584            58,268
                      After-sales service fee                                (xiv)         721,944           793,536
                      Construction service income                           (xviii)        414,273           380,007
                      Other service income                                   (xv)          266,000           323,939
                      Addition of right-of-use assets                        (ix)           38,214            45,009
                      IT and other service fees                              (viii)         59,700            70,687
                      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                   49,343            48,601
                      Interest expense on lease liabilities                                   1,983             2,248
                      Other finance service fees                              (v)             4,711             1,793


                    Affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings:
                      Interest expense                                       (iv)                72                 –
                      Purchase of raw materials and finished goods           (vi)        1,863,874          1,050,932
                      Sales of raw materials and finished goods               (i)          401,241           178,971
                      Other service income                                   (xv)           40,785            40,161
                      Logistics service fee expense                          (xvi)         307,328           356,050
                      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                          –            5,342
                      Interest expense on lease liabilities                                        –             677
                      Rental related income                                   (x)             2,996             3,856
                      IT and other service fees                              (viii)      1,548,703           997,918
                      Construction service income                           (xviii)           1,052                 –
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025         277


                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                  31 December 2025




47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (a)   In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had
         the following material transactions with related parties during the year: (continued)


                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                        Notes           HK$’000           HK$’000


           Companies controlled by TCL Technology:
             Sales of raw materials and finished goods                    (i)        2,696,602          1,936,387
             Purchase of raw materials and finished goods                (vi)       24,793,132         22,841,988
             Rental related income                                       (x)            31,035             65,251
             Rental expense and licence fee                              (xi)              551                401
             Reimbursement of R&D expenses                              (xiii)         105,255            146,599
             After-sales service fee                                    (xiv)            4,645              6,205
             Platform service fee                                       (viii)          20,746             10,226
             Subcontracting fee expense                                 (xvii)               –             39,753
             IT and other service fees                                  (viii)          50,632             58,914
             Addition of right-of-use assets                             (ix)           14,496             19,408
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                        13,118             12,942
             Interest expense on lease liabilities                                       1,036                862
             Construction service income                                (xviii)         36,061            113,420
             Other service income                                        (xv)           29,903             26,242
             Other finance service fees                                   (v)               30                141
             Interest income                                             (iii)           1,648              3,808


         Notes:


         (i)      The sales of finished goods were made with reference to prevailing market prices, while sales of raw
                  materials were made at cost plus a mutually agreed mark-up.


         (ii)     The after-sales service income were determined with reference to the rates of other similar services
                  and the amount of general after-sales service expenses of the Group in the past.


         (iii)    The interest was charged at rates ranging from 0.01% to 6.00% (2024: from 0.0001% to 6.00%) per
                  annum, which were determined with reference to the savings rates quoted by the People’s Bank of
                  China and local banks in Hong Kong.


         (iv)     The interest was charged at rates ranging from 0.05% to 5.53% (2024: 0.01% to 5.53%) per annum.


         (v)      The other finance service fees were determined with reference to the rates of other similar services
                  provided by third party companies.


         (vi)     The purchases of raw materials and finished goods were made at prices similar to those set by
                  independent third party suppliers or the cost plus mark-ups.
278   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (a)    In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had
                   the following material transactions with related parties during the year: (continued)

                   Notes: (continued)


                   (vii)     Operation and maintenance service income was determined with reference to the rates of other
                             similar services and the amount of general Operation and maintenance service expenses of the
                             Group in the past.


                   (viii)    The platform and IT and other service fees were determined with reference to service expenses
                             charged by third party companies offering similar services.


                   (ix)      The price of addition of right-of-use assets was determined with reference to prices charged by third
                             party companies.


                   (x)       The rental related income were determined with reference to the rates of other similar premises.


                   (xi)      The rental expense was charged at rates ranging from RMB9 to RMB267 (2024: RMB45 to RMB210)
                             per square meter. The licence fee was charged at rates of HK$42.1 (2024: HK$39.5) per square
                             feet.


                   (xii)     Brand promotion fee incurred by TCL Industries Holdings was made based on 2.00% (2024: 2.00%)
                             of the annual sales of products using TCL brand within the PRC, 0.75% (2024: 0.75%) of the annual
                             sales of products using TCL brand outside the PRC and 0.25% (2024: 0.25%) of the annual sales
                             of products of ODM and OEM brands, as defined in the Master Brand Promotion (2025-2027)
                             Agreement.


                   (xiii)    The research and development expenses was determined with reference to the rates of other similar
                             services provided by other third party companies.


                   (xiv)     The after-sales service fee was determined with reference to the rates of other similar services
                             provided by other third party companies.


                   (xv)      The other service income was determined with reference to the rates of similar services provided to
                             other third party companies.


                   (xvi)     The logistics service fee expense was determined with reference to the rates of other similar services
                             provided by other third party companies.


                   (xvii)    The subcontracting fee expense was determined with reference to subcontracting fees charged by
                             third party companies offering similar services.


                   (xviii)   The construction service income was determined with reference to the rates of similar services
                             provided to other third party companies.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   279


                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                         31 December 2025




47. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (b)   Other material transactions with related parties:


         In addition to other transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had
         the following other material transactions with related parties:


         (i)      On 24 December 2024, TCL SEMP entered into an equity transfer agreement with a
                  related party TCL Home Appliances Holding Company Limited (“TCL Home Appliances”),
                  pursuant to which TCL SEMP had agreed to sell, and TCL Home Appliances had agreed
                  to purchase, 75% equity interest in TCL SEMP Indústria e Comércio de Condicionadores
                  de ar S.A., at the consideration of R$255,542,000 (equivalent to approximately
                  HK$320,425,000), the transaction was completed in December 2024.


         (ii)     On 27 December 2024 (after trading hours), Huizhou TCL Mobile (an indirect wholly-
                  owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into an equipment transfer agreement with
                  TCL Yuxin Zhixing, pursuant to which Huizhou TCL Mobile agreed to sell, and TCL Yuxin
                  Zhixing agreed to purchase, the Production Line Equipment at the consideration of
                  RMB18,000,000 (equivalent to HK$19,492,200).


   (c)   Details of compensation of key management personnel of the Group are set out in notes 8 and
         9 to the financial statements.


         Except for the transactions with joint ventures, associates of the Group, addition of right-of-use
         assets, deprecation of right-of-use assets, interest expense on lease liabilities and transactions
         with certain affiliates of TCL Industries Holdings and/or companies controlled by TCL Technology
         included in note 47, all the above transactions disclosed in note 47 also constitute connected
         transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing
         Rules.
280   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS
            The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with
            carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:


                                                         Carrying amounts                     Fair values
                                                              2025          2024             2025             2024
                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000


              Financial assets
              Equity investments designated
                at fair value through other
                comprehensive income                    370,884         366,098            370,884          366,098
              Trade receivables classified as
                financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                1,927,469       1,661,765       1,927,469         1,661,765
              Bills receivable                        3,418,264       4,436,662       3,418,264         4,436,662
              Other receivables classified as
                financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                  465,832         367,934            465,832          367,934
              Financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                2,400,946       2,898,691       2,400,946         2,898,691
              Derivative financial instruments          200,786         558,291            200,786          558,291


                                                      8,784,181      10,289,441       8,784,181       10,289,441


              Financial liabilities
              Interest-bearing bank and other
                borrowings                            6,074,072       4,610,059       6,066,750         4,589,053
              Derivative financial instruments          148,533         353,309            148,533          353,309
              Financial liability associated with
                put option                              214,218         188,666            214,218          188,666


                                                      6,436,823       5,152,034       6,429,501         5,131,028
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   281


                                                                Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                         31 December 2025




48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, trade
   and bills payables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets,
   and financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals approximate to their carrying amounts
   largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.


   The Group’s finance department headed by the financial director is responsible for determining the
   policies and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The financial director
   reports directly to the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the
   finance department analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines
   the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial
   officer. The valuation process and results are discussed with the audit committee twice a year for
   interim and annual financial reporting.


   The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the
   instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced
   or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:


   The fair values of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings has been calculated by discounting the
   expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit
   risk and remaining maturities. The change in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance
   risk for interest-bearing bank and other borrowings as at 31 December 2025 was assessed to be
   insignificant.


   The fair value of the financial liability associated with put option is measured by discounted cash flow
   model using significant unobservable market inputs.


   The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices. The fair values of
   unlisted equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income have been
   estimated using a market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not supported by
   observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires the directors to determine comparable public
   companies (peers) based on industry, size, leverage and strategy, and to calculate an appropriate price
   multiple, such as enterprise value to sales (“EV/S”) multiple, price to sales (“P/S”) multiple and price
   to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, for each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by
   dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading multiple
   is then discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the comparable
   companies based on company-specific facts and circumstances. The discounted multiple is applied
   to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity investments to measure the fair value.
   The directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation technique, which are
   recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes in fair values,
   which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are reasonable, and that they were the most
   appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.
282   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products issued by
            banks in the Chinese mainland. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments
            by using a discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments
            with similar terms and risks.


            Derivative financial instruments, including forward currency contracts and foreign currency swaps, are
            measured using valuation techniques similar to forward pricing and swap models, using present value
            calculations. The model incorporates various market observable inputs including the credit quality
            of counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates. The Group enters into these kinds of
            derivative financial instruments with various counterparties, principally financial institutions with AAA
            credit ratings. Derivative financial instruments, including call options and put options, are measured
            using valuation techniques of Black-Scholes Options Pricing Model and Monte Carlo Simulatious Model.
            The model incorporates various market observable inputs including risk-free rate (“RFR”) and volatility.
            The carrying amounts of forward currency contracts, foreign currency swaps and call options and put
            options are the same as their fair values.


            As at 31 December 2025, the mark-to-market value of the derivative asset position was net of a credit
            valuation adjustment attributable to derivative counterparty default risk. The changes in counterparty
            credit risk had no material effect on the hedge effectiveness assessment for derivatives designated in
            hedge relationship and other financial instruments recognised at fair value.


            For the fair value of the unlisted equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income,
            management has estimated the potential effect of using reasonably possible alternatives as inputs to
            the valuation model.
                                                               TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   283


                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                    31 December 2025




48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together
   with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31 December 2025 and 2024:


                      Valuation          Significant                                     Sensitivity of fair
                      technique          unobservable input      Range                   value to the input

    Unlisted equity   Valuation          Average EV/S            2025: 6.2x              5% (2024: 5%) increase
      investments       multiples          multiple of peers       (2024: 5.6x)           in multiple would result
                                                                                          in increase in fair value
                                                                                          by HK$165,000 (2024:
                                                                                          HK$693,000)

                                         Average P/S             2025: 1.4x to 14.4x     5% (2024: 5%) increase in
                                           multiple of peers       (2024: 4.9x to 13.7x)   multiple would result in
                                                                                           increase in fair value by
                                                                                           HK$1,204,000 (2024:
                                                                                           HK$389,000)

                                         Average P/E             2025: 12.9x             5% (2024: 5%) increase in
                                           multiple of peers       (2024: 13.2x)           multiple would result in
                                                                                           increase in fair value by
                                                                                           HK$2,758,000 (2024:
                                                                                           HK$3,028,000)

    Unlisted equity   Back Solve         RFR                     2025: Nil (2024: Nil)   1% (2024: 1%) increase
      investments       Method                                                            (decrease) in RFR would
                                                                                          have no material impact
                                                                                          on the fair value

                                         Volatility              2025: Nil (2024: Nil)   1% (2024: 1%) increase
                                                                                          (decrease) in volatility
                                                                                          would have no material
                                                                                          impact on the fair value

    Call option       Black-Scholes      RFR                     2025: 3.6% to 4.2%      1% (2024: 1%) increase
                        Option Pricing                             (2024: 4.3%)           (decrease) in RFR would
                        Model and                                                         have no material impact
                        Monte Carlo                                                       on the fair value
                        Simulations
                        Model
                                         Volatility              2025: 29.8% to 31.7%    1% (2024: 1%) increase
                                                                   (2024: 30.8%)          (decrease) in volatility
                                                                                          would have no material
                                                                                          impact on the fair value

    Put option        Black-Scholes      RFR                     2025: 3.6%              1% (2024: 1%) increase
                        Options                                    (2024: 4.3%)           (decrease) in RFR would
                        Pricing Model                                                     have no material impact
                                                                                          on the fair value

                                         Volatility              2025: 31.7%             1% (2024: 1%) increase
                                                                   (2024: 30.8%)          (decrease) in volatility
                                                                                          would have no material
                                                                                          impact on the fair value

   The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts determined
   by the Group that market participants would take into account when pricing the investments.
284   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Fair value hierarchy
            Assets measured at fair value:
            The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
            instruments:


            As at 31 December 2025


                                                                      Fair value measurement using
                                                   Quoted prices        Significant     Significant
                                                        in active       observable    unobservable
                                                         markets             inputs         inputs
                                                        (Level 1)         (Level 2)      (Level 3)        Total
                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


              Equity investments designated
                at fair value through other
                comprehensive income                          1,887              –        368,997      370,884
              Trade receivables classified as
                financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                            –     1,927,469                –    1,927,469
              Other receivables classified as
                financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                            –       465,832                –     465,832
              Bills receivable                                    –     3,418,264                –    3,418,264
              Derivative financial instruments                    –       146,139          54,647      200,786
              Financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                            –     2,400,946                –    2,400,946


              Total                                           1,887     8,358,650         423,644     8,784,181
                                                   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    285


                                                             Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                         31 December 2025




48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Fair value hierarchy (continued)
   Assets measured at fair value: (continued)
   As at 31 December 2024


                                                        Fair value measurement using
                                       Quoted prices       Significant     Significant
                                            in active     observable     unobservable
                                            markets            inputs          inputs
                                           (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)             Total
                                           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000


    Equity investments designated
      at fair value through other
      comprehensive income                    3,203                 –        362,895           366,098
    Trade receivables classified as
      financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                       –      1,661,765                 –        1,661,765
    Other receivables classified as
      financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                       –        367,934                 –          367,934
    Bills receivable                               –      4,436,662                 –        4,436,662
    Derivative financial instruments               –        456,228          102,063           558,291
    Financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                       –      2,898,691                 –        2,898,691


    Total                                     3,203       9,821,280          464,958        10,289,441
286   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Fair value hierarchy (continued)
            Assets measured at fair value: (continued)
            The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:


                                                                                          2025          2024
                                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000


              Equity investments designated at fair value through other
                comprehensive income:
              At 1 January                                                             362,895        315,651
              Additions                                                                  4,369         23,750
              Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 42)                                           8             –
              Disposals                                                                (31,631)             –
              Total gain recognised in other comprehensive income                       23,221         20,719
              Income tax effect                                                            963          9,680
              Exchange realignment                                                       9,172         (6,905)


              At 31 December                                                           368,997        362,895


                                                                                          2025          2024
                                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000


              Derivative financial instruments:
              At 1 January                                                             102,063        147,316
              Total losses recognised in profit or loss                                (48,423)       (44,445)
              Exchange realignment                                                       1,007           (808)


              At 31 December                                                            54,647        102,063
                                                   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     287


                                                            Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                          31 December 2025




48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Fair value hierarchy (continued)
   Liabilities measured at fair value:
   As at 31 December 2025


                                               Fair value measurement using
                                       Quoted prices      Significant     Significant
                                           in active      observable    unobservable
                                            markets           inputs            inputs
                                           (Level 1)       (Level 2)        (Level 3)               Total
                                           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000             HK$’000


    Derivative financial instruments               –        148,533                  –          148,533


   As at 31 December 2024


                                               Fair value measurement using
                                       Quoted prices      Significant      Significant
                                            in active     observable    unobservable
                                            markets           inputs            inputs
                                            (Level 1)       (Level 2)         (Level 3)             Total
                                           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000             HK$’000


    Derivative financial instruments               –        353,309                  –          353,309
288   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      48. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Fair value hierarchy (continued)
            Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:
            As at 31 December 2025


                                                              Fair value measurement using
                                                    Quoted prices       Significant     Significant
                                                        in active       observable    unobservable
                                                         markets            inputs             inputs
                                                        (Level 1)         (Level 2)      (Level 3)           Total
                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000


              Interest-bearing bank and other
                borrowings                                        –     6,066,750                   –    6,066,750
              Financial liability associated with
                put option                                        –              –           214,218      214,218


              Total                                               –     6,066,750            214,218     6,280,968


            As at 31 December 2024


                                                              Fair value measurement using
                                                    Quoted prices       Significant     Significant
                                                         in active      observable    unobservable
                                                         markets            inputs             inputs
                                                         (Level 1)        (Level 2)          (Level 3)       Total
                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000


              Interest-bearing bank and other
                borrowings                                        –     4,589,053                   –    4,589,053
              Financial liability associated with
                put option                                        –              –           188,666      188,666


              Total                                               –     4,589,053            188,666     4,777,719
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   289


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                            31 December 2025




49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives, comprise bank loans, other interest-
   bearing borrowings, and cash and short-term deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments
   is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and
   liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.


   The Group also enters into derivative transactions, including principally forward currency contracts. The
   purpose is to manage the currency risks arising from the Group’s operations and its sources of finance.
   It is, and has been throughout the year under review, the Group’s policy that no trading in financial
   instruments shall be undertaken.


   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency
   risk, credit risk and liquidity risk, The Board reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these
   risks and they are summarised below, The Group’s accounting policies in relation to derivatives are set
   out in note 2.4 to the financial statements.


   Interest rate risk
   The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s
   debt obligations with floating interest rates.


   In general, the Group’s treasury department (the “Group Treasury”) implements all external financings
   to meet the borrowing needs of all subsidiaries. In some cases, subsidiaries may borrow directly from
   local banks upon approval from the Group Treasury in advance. At the subsidiary level, financing is
   generally done on a short-term floating rate basis. Long term financing is normally done at Group level.


   The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rate, with
   all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (through the impact on floating rate
   borrowings). There is no material impact on other components of the Group’s equity.
290   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
          (CONTINUED)
            Interest rate risk (continued)
                                                                                                         Increase/
                                                                                       Increase/        (decrease)
                                                                                      (decrease)           in profit
                                                                                  in basis points        before tax
                                                                                                          HK$’000


              2025


              United States dollar                                                           (25)            2,479
              RMB                                                                            (25)              755


              United States dollar                                                            25            (2,479)
              RMB                                                                             25              (755)


              2024


              United States dollar                                                           (25)            3,693


              United States dollar                                                            25            (3,693)


            Foreign currency risk
            The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from sales or purchases by
            operating units in currencies other than the units' functional currencies. In addition, certain bank
            loans were denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the entities to which they
            relate. The Group takes rolling forecasts on the foreign currency revenue and expenses and matches
            the currency and the amount incurred so as to alleviate the impact on business due to exchange
            rate fluctuations. The Group uses foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the foreign currency
            exposures.


            It is the Group’s policy to negotiate the terms of the hedging instruments to match the terms of the
            hedged items to maximise hedge effectiveness.


            The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably
            possible change in the exchange rates of currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant
            operating units, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (due to changes
            in the fair values of monetary assets and liabilities). There is no material impact on other components
            of the Group’s equity.
                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    291


                                                     Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                  31 December 2025




49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
   Foreign currency risk (continued)
                                                                     Increase/         Increase/
                                                                    (decrease)        (decrease)
                                                                  in exchange            in profit
                                                                          rates        before tax
                                                                              %         HK$’000


   2025

   If the HK$ weakens against the USD                                        5         (369,930)
   If the HK$ weakens against the EUR                                        5           29,983
   If the HK$ weakens against the RMB                                        5           (6,981)
   If the HK$ weakens against the THB                                        5              456
   If the RMB weakens against the USD                                        5           (2,190)
   If the RMB weakens against the HK$                                        5             (478)
   If the RMB weakens against the EUR                                        5              190
   If the EUR weakens against the USD                                        5           (1,071)
   If the EUR weakens against the PLN                                        5           18,378
   If the USD weakens against the EUR                                        5              541
   If the USD weakens against the PLN                                        5            4,879
   If the USD weakens against the HK$                                        5           (6,318)
   If the USD weakens against the THB                                        5           22,576
   If the USD weakens against the MXN                                        5           (1,290)
   If the USD weakens against the RMB                                        5           (3,167)
   If the MXN weakens against the USD                                        5            2,297
   If the AED weakens against the USD                                        5           13,692
   If the HK$ strengthens against the USD                                   (5)         369,930
   If the HK$ strengthens against the EUR                                   (5)         (29,983)
   If the HK$ strengthens against the RMB                                   (5)           6,981
   If the HK$ strengthens against the THB                                   (5)            (456)
   If the RMB strengthens against the USD                                   (5)           2,190
   If the RMB strengthens against the HK$                                   (5)             478
   If the RMB strengthens against the EUR                                   (5)            (190)
   If the EUR strengthens against the USD                                   (5)           1,071
   If the EUR strengthens against the PLN                                   (5)         (18,378)
   If the USD strengthens against the EUR                                   (5)            (541)
   If the USD strengthens against the PLN                                   (5)          (4,879)
   If the USD strengthens against the HK$                                   (5)           6,318
   If the USD strengthens against the THB                                   (5)         (22,576)
   If the USD strengthens against the MXN                                   (5)           1,290
   If the USD strengthens against the RMB                                   (5)           3,167
   If the MXN strengthens against the USD                                   (5)          (2,297)
   If the AED strengthens against the USD                                   (5)         (13,692)
292   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
          (CONTINUED)
            Foreign currency risk (continued)
                                                                 Increase/     Increase/
                                                                (decrease)    (decrease)
                                                              in exchange        in profit
                                                                      rates    before tax
                                                                          %     HK$’000


              2024

              If the HK$ weakens against the USD                         5     (171,143)
              If the HK$ weakens against the EUR                         5       34,460
              If the HK$ weakens against the RMB                         5       37,912
              If the HK$ weakens against the THB                         5       20,658
              If the RMB weakens against the USD                         5       24,489
              If the RMB weakens against the HK$                         5      (31,437)
              If the RMB weakens against the EUR                         5          985
              If the EUR weakens against the USD                         5        3,189
              If the EUR weakens against the PLN                         5       19,433
              If the USD weakens against the HK$                         5       (9,401)
              If the AED weakens against the USD                         5        6,002
              If the HK$ strengthens against the USD                    (5)     171,143
              If the HK$ strengthens against the EUR                    (5)     (34,460)
              If the HK$ strengthens against the RMB                    (5)     (37,912)
              If the HK$ strengthens against the THB                    (5)     (20,658)
              If the RMB strengthens against the USD                    (5)     (24,489)
              If the RMB strengthens against the HK$                    (5)      31,437
              If the RMB strengthens against the EUR                    (5)        (985)
              If the EUR strengthens against the USD                    (5)      (3,189)
              If the EUR strengthens against the PLN                    (5)     (19,433)
              If the USD strengthens against the HK$                    (5)       9,401
              If the AED strengthens against the USD                    (5)      (6,002)
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    293


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                              31 December 2025




49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
   Credit risk
   The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties and related parties. There is no
   requirement for collateral. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms
   are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an
   ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant. For transactions that are not
   denominated in the functional currency of the relevant operating unit, the Group does not offer credit
   terms without the specific approval of the Head of Credit Control.


   Maximum exposure and year-end staging
   The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
   Group’s credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is
   available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December.


   The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.


   As at 31 December 2025


                                             12-month
                                                 ECLs                 Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                       Simplified
                                              Stage 1       Stage 2       Stage 3       approach         Total
                                             HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


    Other long-term receivables**
      – Normal                               792,714              –              –             –      792,714
    Trade receivables measured at
      amortised cost*                              –              –              –    22,340,803    22,340,803
    Debt investments at amortised cost       169,130              –              –             –       169,130
    Contract assets*                               –              –              –        68,905        68,905
    Financial assets included in
      prepayments, other receivables and
      other assets**
      – Normal                              4,458,102             –            –               –     4,458,102
      – Doubtful                                    –             –      219,109               –       219,109
    Cash and cash equivalents
      – Not yet past due                   13,522,134             –              –             –    13,522,134
    Restricted cash and pledged deposits
      – Not yet past due                     506,325              –              –             –      506,325


    Total                                  19,448,405             –      219,109      22,409,708    42,077,222
294   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
          (CONTINUED)
            Credit risk (continued)
            As at 31 December 2024


                                                             12-month
                                                                  ECLs                  Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                         Simplified
                                                               Stage 1        Stage 2       Stage 3       approach           Total
                                                              HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


                Trade receivables measured at
                  amortised cost*                                    –              –              –    20,938,070    20,938,070
                Debt investments at amortised cost            198,757               –              –              –      198,757
                Contract assets*                                     –              –              –      387,884        387,884
                Financial assets included in
                  prepayments, other receivables and
                  other assets**
                  – Normal                                  5,488,990               –              –              –    5,488,990
                  – Doubtful                                         –              –       199,899               –      199,899
                Cash and cash equivalents
                  – Not yet past due                        8,771,691               –              –              –    8,771,691
                Restricted cash and pledged deposits
                  – Not yet past due                          669,910               –              –              –      669,910


                Total                                     15,129,348                –       199,899     21,325,954    36,655,201


            *           For trade receivables and contract assets to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment,
                        information based on the provision matrix is disclosed in notes 22 and 24 to the financial statements,
                        respectively.


            **          The credit quality of other long-term receivables and the financial assets included in prepayments, other
                        receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is
                        no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial
                        recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.


            Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables
            are disclosed in note 22 to the financial statements.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   295


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                          31 December 2025




49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
   Liquidity risk
   The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool
   considers the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g. trade receivables)
   and projected cash flows from operations.


   The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the
   use of bank loans, lease liabilities and other interest-bearing borrowings.


   The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on
   the contractual undiscounted payments, was as follows:


   Group


                                                                    2025

                                                    More than      More than
                                         Within     1 year but    2 years but
                                       1 year or   less than 2      less than    More than
                                     on demand           years        5 years       5 years          Total
                                       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000


    Interest-bearing bank and
      other borrowings                5,924,959      226,706             736         5,633     6,158,034
    Lease liabilities                  165,516       119,957        181,793         74,951       542,217
    Trade payables                   32,466,512              –              –             –   32,466,512
    Bills payable                    12,449,066              –              –             –   12,449,066
    Derivative financial
      instruments                      148,533               –              –             –      148,533
    Financial liability associated
      to put option                            –             –              –      214,218       214,218
    Financial liabilities included
      in other payables              12,247,832              –              –             –   12,247,832


    Total                            63,402,418      346,663        182,529        294,802    64,226,412
296   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
          (CONTINUED)
            Liquidity risk (continued)
            Group


                                                                             2024

                                                              More than     More than
                                                   Within     1 year but   2 years but
                                                 1 year or    less than      less than   More than
                                               on demand        2 years       5 years      5 years          Total
                                                 HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000


              Interest-bearing bank and
                other borrowings                4,220,978      229,045       220,017         3,468     4,673,508
              Lease liabilities                  157,145       105,618       114,847       31,707        409,317
              Trade payables                   26,646,451             –             –            –   26,646,451
              Bills payable                     5,839,326             –             –            –     5,839,326
              Derivative financial
                instruments                      353,309              –             –            –       353,309
              Financial liability associated
                to put option                           –             –             –     188,666        188,666
              Financial liabilities included
                in other payables              13,429,039             –             –            –   13,429,039


              Total                            50,646,248      334,663       334,864      223,841    51,539,616


            Capital management
            The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
            continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and
            maximise shareholders' value.


            The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
            conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment
            to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the
            objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2025 and
            2024.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    297


                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                             31 December 2025




49. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
   Capital management (continued)
   The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by the total capital. The
   Group’s policy is to maintain the gearing ratio not exceeding 100%. Net debt is calculated as a total
   of lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, less cash and cash equivalents and
   restricted cash and pledged deposits. Total capital refers to equity attributable to owners of the parent.


   The gearing ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:


                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                  Notes           HK$’000          HK$’000


    Lease liabilities                                              15(b)          462,626          357,412
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                      34           6,074,072       4,610,059
    Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                 28       (13,522,134)        (8,771,691)
          Restricted cash and pledged deposits                      28            (506,325)        (669,910)


    Net assets                                                                  (7,491,761)      (4,474,130)


    Equity attributable to owners of the parent                                 19,197,755      17,204,368


    Gearing ratio                                                                     N/A               N/A
298   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      50. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
            Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period
            is as follows:


                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000

              NON-CURRENT ASSETS
              Investments in subsidiaries                                             6,019,952        5,700,589
              Right-of-use assets                                                        10,862            2,578
              Deferred tax assets                                                            16                –

              Total non-current assets                                                6,030,830        5,703,167

              CURRENT ASSETS
              Due from related parties                                                2,254,290        3,675,561
              Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                            73,870           85,858
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                   2,364              305

              Total current assets                                                    2,330,524        3,761,724

              CURRENT LIABILITIES
              Due to related parties                                                    673,062          807,515
              Other payables and accruals                                                19,827           15,659
              Lease liabilities                                                           3,908            2,415

              Total current liabilities                                                 696,797          825,589

              NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                      1,633,727        2,936,135

              TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                   7,664,557        8,639,302

              NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
              Lease liabilities                                                            7,052               –
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                         –              27
              Other long-term payables                                                       703             529

              Total non-current liabilities                                                7,755             556

              Net assets                                                              7,656,802        8,638,746

              EQUITY
              Issued capital                                                          2,520,935        2,520,935
              Reserves                                                                5,135,867        6,117,811

              Total equity                                                            7,656,802        8,638,746




            DU Juan                                             PENG Pan
            Director                                            Director
                                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025             299


                                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  31 December 2025




50. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
    (CONTINUED)
   A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                          Shares
                                                   Share       Share                     held for   Awarded
                                                premium       option       Capital     the Award       share     Retained
                                                 account     reserve∆      reserve#      Scheme      reserve*    earnings        Total
                                                HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000
                                               (note 37)


    At 1 January 2024                          4,212,723    119,593       738,936       (190,135)   216,299     1,643,688    6,741,104
    Total comprehensive loss for the year              –          –             –              –          –       (62,993)     (62,993)
    Issue of shares upon exercise of share
      options                                    16,465       (4,698)            –             –           –            –      11,767
    Issue of shares under the 2008 Share
      Award Scheme (note 38)                           –           –             –        (8,789)          –            –       (8,789)
    Employee share-based compensation
      benefits under the Share Award
      Schemes (note 38)                                –           –             –             –     96,832             –      96,832
    Vesting of shares under the 2008
      Share Award Scheme (note 38)                     –           –             –       63,881     (132,237)           –      (68,356)
    Purchase of shares for the 2023 Share
      Award Scheme                                     –           –             –      (199,985)          –            –     (199,985)
    Profit distribution to owners               (391,769)          –             –             –           –            –     (391,769)
    Transfer from share option reserve to
      retained earnings                                –    (114,895)            –             –           –     114,895             –


    At 31 December 2024 and
      1 January 2025                           3,837,419           –      738,936       (335,028)   180,894     1,695,590    6,117,811


    Total comprehensive income for the
      year                                             –           –             –             –           –      19,490       19,490
    Employee share-based compensation
      benefits under the Share Award
      Schemes (note 38)                                –           –             –             –    319,362             –     319,362
    Vesting of shares under the Share
      Award Schemes (note 38)                  (115,094)           –             –      135,935      (73,611)           –      (52,770)
    Purchase of shares for the Share
      Award Schemes                                   –            –             –      (447,471)          –            –    (447,471)
    Profit distribution to owners              (769,507)           –             –             –           –            –    (769,507)
    Related distribution for shares held for
      the Share Award Schemes                    (51,048)          –             –             –           –            –      (51,048)


    At 31 December 2025                        2,901,770           –      738,936       (646,564)   426,645     1,715,080    5,135,867
300   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Notes to Financial Statements
      31 December 2025




      50. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
          (CONTINUED)
            A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows: (continued)

            ∆
                   The share option reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be exercised, as
                   further explained in the accounting policy for share-based payments in note 2.4 to the financial statements.
                   The amount will either be transferred to the share premium account when the related options are exercised,
                   or be transferred to retained profits should the related options expire after the exercisable period.

            #
                   The capital reserve arose as a result of the Group reorganisation in 1999 and represents the excess of the
                   fair value of the shares of the subsidiaries acquired over the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued
                   in exchange therefor.


            *      The awarded share reserve represents the excess of the fair value of the Awarded Shares over the total cost
                   (including related transaction costs) of the Awarded Shares awarded and vested to the Selected Persons at
                   the date of award.



      51. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
            On 20 January 2026 (after trading hours), the Company entered into a non-legally binding
            memorandum of understanding (the “MOU”) with Sony Corporation (“Sony”) in relation to, among
            others, (i) the possible formation of a joint venture (the “Joint Venture”) which would assume Sony’s
            home entertainment business, handling the full process from product development and design to
            manufacturing, sales, logistics, and customer service for products including televisions and home
            audio equipment globally, with the Group holding 51% and Sony holding 49% of the shares of the Joint
            Venture, and (ii) the future licensing arrangements on patents, know-how and brand between the Joint
            Venture and Sony and those between the Joint Venture and the Group. The parties will negotiate in
            good faith, aiming to finalise the terms of the definitive agreements as soon as practicably possible
            within the period commencing from the date of the MOU until 31 March 2026.


      52. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board on 27 March 2026.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   301


                                                                     Five Year Financial Summary
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2025




A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the
last five financial years, as extracted from the published audited financial statements and reclassified/re-
presented as appropriate, is set out below.


                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                            2025           2024           2023           2022           2021
                                         HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000
                                                                                    (Restated)


 RESULTS


 REVENUE                             114,582,832     99,322,325     78,986,064      71,351,415    74,846,888


 PROFIT BEFORE TAX                      3,304,296     2,514,523      1,148,184        835,528      1,447,766

 Income tax                              (777,316)      (666,012)      (321,375)      (281,694)      (168,476)


 PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                    2,526,980     1,848,511        826,809        553,834      1,279,290


 Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                 2,495,131     1,759,366        743,633        446,975      1,183,999
   Non-controlling interests               31,849        89,145         83,176        106,859         95,291


 Total                                  2,526,980     1,848,511        826,809        553,834      1,279,290


ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

                                                               As at 31 December
                                            2025           2024          2023             2022          2021
                                         HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000
                                                                                     (Restated)


 TOTAL ASSETS                          91,733,970     76,367,404     64,776,450     55,108,941     59,538,065
 TOTAL LIABILITIES                    (71,839,195)   (58,690,986)   (47,470,364)   (38,227,840)   (41,161,866)
 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS               (697,020)      (472,050)      (598,432)      (417,432)      (414,863)


 Total                                 19,197,755    17,204,368     16,707,654      16,463,669    17,961,336
302   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Glossary




      In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms have the following meanings
      when used herein:


      “2008 Share Award Scheme”        the restricted share award scheme adopted by the Company on 6 February
                                       2008 (as amended or modified from time to time), which expired on 5
                                       February 2023;


      “2023 Share Award Scheme”        the share award scheme adopted by the Company on 3 November 2023;


      “ACCA”                           Association of Chartered Certified Accountants;


      “AGM”                            annual general meeting of the Company;


      “AI”                             artificial intelligence;


      “AIGC”                           artificial intelligence generated content;


      “AR”                             augmented reality;


      “Articles”                       the articles of association of the Company as amended from time to time;


      “ASP”                            average selling price;


      “associate(s)”                   has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules;


      “Audit Committee”                the audit committee of the Company;


      “Awarded Share(s)”               awarded Shares of the Company granted to a selected person pursuant to
                                       the Share Award Schemes;


      “Board”                          the board of Directors;


      “Board Committee(s)”             the committee(s) under the Board, including the Audit Committee,
                                       Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee and Strategy Committee;


      “Board Diversity Policy”         the board diversity policy of the Company adopted on 13 August 2013;


      “Cayman Law”                     the laws of the Cayman Islands;


      “CEO”                            the chief executive officer;
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   303


                                                                                              Glossary




“CES”                      Consumer Electronics Show;


“CFO”                      the chief financial officer of the Company;


“CG Code”                  the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
                           Rules;


“CINNO Research”           CINNO Research, a third-party consulting firm specialising in the pan-
                           semiconductor industry chain encompassing display, semiconductor,
                           consumer electronics, intelligent manufacturing and key components;


“Circana”                  Circana Group, a market research company that provides global data,
                           industry expertise and analysis from a variety of perspectives. It is
                           formed through the merger of NPD Group L.P. and Information Resources
                           Corporation;


“CMM”                      China Market Monitor Co., Ltd., a research institute focusing on consumer
                           goods and the retail home appliance market in the PRC;


“Code Provision(s)”        the code provision(s) contained in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code;


“Company” or “TCL          TCL Electronics Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman
  Electronics”             Islands with limited liability, the shares of which are listed on the Main
                           Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 01070);


“COO”                      the chief operating officer;


“CSOT”                     TCL China Star Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd.* (TCL華星光電技術有限
                           公司), formerly known as Shenzhen China Star Optoelectronics Technology
                           Co., Ltd.* (深圳市華星光電技術有限公司), a company established under the
                           laws of the PRC with limited liability, a subsidiary of TCL Technology;


“CTO”                      the chief technology officer;


“Deed of Non-Competition   the deed executed by TCL Industries Holdings, T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) and
  (2020)”                  the Company on 29 June 2020 in favour of the Company whereby each of
                           TCL Industries Holdings and T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) has undertaken not to
                           (save for the exception as defined on page 39 of the announcement of the
                           Company dated 29 June 2020), directly or indirectly, carry on or be engaged
                           or interested in the manufacture and assembly of TCL brand TV sets and
                           smart phones;
304   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Glossary




      “Deed of Termination (2020)”     the deed executed by TCL Technology, T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) and the
                                       Company on 29 June 2020 pursuant to which the parties agreed to
                                       terminate the Deed of Non-Competition (1999) (as defined on page 48 of the
                                       announcement of the Company dated 29 June 2020) as amended from time
                                       to time and TCL Technology has undertaken not to (save for the Exception
                                       as defined on page 39 of the announcement of the Company dated 29 June
                                       2020), directly or indirectly, carry on or be engaged or interested in the
                                       manufacture and assembly of TV sets bearing TCL brand;


      “Director(s)”                    the director(s) of the Company;


      “Discien”                        a professional consulting firm focusing on the display and semiconductor
                                       industry chain;


      “Dividend Policy”                the dividend policy of the Company which was confirmed and consolidated
                                       on 20 December 2018 and took effect from 1 January 2019;


      “EGM”                            the extraordinary general meeting of the Company;


      “Emerging Market”                regions including Asia-Pacific (excluding the PRC), Latin America, Middle East
                                       and Africa;


      “ESG”                            environmental, social and governance;


      "ESG Committee"                  the ESG committee of the Company;


      “Falcon Network Technology”      Shenzhen Falcon Network Technology Co., Ltd.* (formerly literally translated
                                       and known as Shenzhen Thunderbird Network Technology Company Limited)
                                       (深圳市雷鳥網絡科技有限公司), a limited liability company established
                                       and subsisting under the laws of the PRC, an indirect non-wholly-owned
                                       subsidiary of the Company;


      “Falcon Network Technology       Falcon Network Technology and its subsidiaries;
        Group”


      “Finance Company (HK)”           TCL Finance (Hong Kong) Co., Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong
                                       with limited liability and a direct subsidiary of T.C.L. Industries (H.K.);


      “GMV”                            gross merchandise volume;


      “Group”                          the Company and its subsidiaries collectively;
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   305


                                                                                              Glossary




“GW”                         gigawatt, equivalent to one billion watts, a unit of power;


“HDR”                        High Dynamic Range;


“HK$”                        Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong;


“HKAS(s)”                    Hong Kong Accounting Standard(s);


“HKFRS(s)”                   HKFRS Accounting Standards;


“HKICPA”                     Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants;


“Hong Kong”                  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC;


“Hong Kong Companies         the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong);
  Ordinance”


“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;


“IDC”                        International Data Corporation, a global provider of market information
                             and consulting services related to the information technology,
                             telecommunications and consumer technology markets;


“IFRS”                       International Financial Reporting Standards;


“IoT”                        Internet of Things;


“LED”                        light emitting diode;


“Listing Rules”              the rules governing the listing of securities on the Hong Kong Stock
                             Exchange;


“Model Code”                 the model code for securities transactions by directors of listed issuers as
                             set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules;


“Nomination Committee”       the nomination committee of the Company;


“Nomination Policy”          the nomination policy of the Company, which was adopted on 20 December
                             2018 and took effect from 1 January 2019;
306   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Glossary




      “Omdia”                          a global technology research organisation formed through the merger of
                                       research divisions (Ovum/Heavy Reading and Tractica) and the acquisition of
                                       IHS Markit International;


      “OPCO”                           Ningbo Falcon Digital Entertainment Co., Ltd.* (寧波雷鳥數字娛樂有限公
                                       司), formerly known as Hawk Digital Entertainment Technology (Shenzhen)
                                       Co., Limited* (豪客數字娛樂科技(深圳)有限公司) and Shenzhen Falcon Digital
                                       Entertainment Co., Ltd.* (深圳市雷鳥數字娛樂科技有限公司), a limited
                                       company established under the laws of the PRC and an indirect non-wholly
                                       owned subsidiary of the Company;


      “OTT”                            Over The Top, an acronym for a variety of media services provided directly to
                                       viewers via the internet;


      “PRC” or “China”                 the People’s Republic of China; for the purpose of this annual report and
                                       for geographical reference only and except where the context requires,
                                       references in this annual report to the “PRC” and “China” do not apply to
                                       Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan, China;


      “PRC Equity Owners”              Mr. WANG Hao and Ms. ZHU Xiaojiang, the details of which are set out on
                                       page 120 of this annual report;


      “QLED”                           quantum dot display technology;


      “R&D”                            research and development;


      “RayNeo”                         RayNeo Co., Ltd., a company established under the laws of the PRC with
                                       limited liability, which primarily operates the Group’s smart glasses business
                                       and of which the Group held 10.10% equity interest as of the date of this
                                       annual report;


      “Remuneration Committee”         the remuneration committee of the Company;


      “RMB”                            Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC;


      “RUNTO”                          Beijing Runto Technology Co., Ltd., a third-party institution in the PRC that
                                       provides data products and research and advisory services;


      “SFO”                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong);


      “Share(s)”                       share(s) of the Company;
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   307


                                                                                                Glossary




“Share Award Schemes”          collectively the 2008 Share Award Scheme and the 2023 Share Award
                               Scheme;


“Share Option Scheme”          the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 3 November 2023;


“Shareholder(s)”               shareholder(s) of the Company;


“Strategy Committee”           the strategy committee of the Company established on 22 September 2017;


“subsidiary”                   any entity within the meaning of the term “subsidiary” as defined in the
                               Listing Rules and the term “subsidiaries” shall be construed accordingly;


“TCL Communication”            TCL Communication Technology Holdings Limited, a company incorporated
                               in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, whose shares were listed on
                               the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from September 2004 to
                               September 2016 (then stock code: 02618.HK), which has become a direct
                               wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company since 1 September 2020;


“TCL Industries Holdings”      TCL Industries Holdings Co., Ltd. * (TCL實業控股股份有限公司), formerly
                               known as TCL Industries Holdings (Guangdong) Inc.* (TCL實業控股(廣東)股份
                               有限公司), a joint stock limited company established under the laws of the
                               PRC;


“TCL Industries Holdings       TCL Industries Holdings and its subsidiaries and any entity that may become
  Group”                       subsidiary of TCL Industries Holdings from time to time, and for the purpose
                               of this annual report excludes the Group;


“T.C.L. Industries (H.K.)”     T.C.L. Industries Holdings (H.K.) Limited, a company incorporated in Hong
                               Kong with limited liability, an immediate controlling Shareholder, and a
                               wholly-owned subsidiary of TCL Industries Holdings;


“TCL SEMP Eletroeletronicos”   TCL SEMP ELETROELETRONICOS LTDA (formerly known as SEMP TCL
                               MOBILIDADE LTDA.), a company incorporated under the laws of Brazil with
                               limited liability, an indirect subsidiary of the Company;


“TCL NL”                       TCL Netherlands B.V., a company established under the laws of the
                               Netherlands with limited liability and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
                               the Company;
308   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025




      Glossary




      “TCL Technology”                 TCL Technology Group Corporation * (TCL科技集團股份有限公司), formerly
                                       known as TCL Corporation * (TCL集團股份有限公司), a joint stock limited
                                       company established under the laws of the PRC, the shares of which are
                                       listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000100.SZ);


      “TCL Technology Group”           TCL Technology and its subsidiaries and any entity that may become
                                       subsidiary of TCL Technology from time to time;


      “Trustee”                        the trustee appointed by the Board for the administration of the Share Award
                                       Schemes;


      “TV(s)”                          television(s);


      “U.S.”                           the United States of America;


      “VIE Agreements”                 collectively the exclusive business cooperation agreement, the exclusive
                                       purchase right agreement, the equity pledge agreement, the authorisation
                                       letters, the confirmation letters and the spousal consent letters entered into
                                       between Falcon Network Technology, OPCO and/or the PRC Equity Owners
                                       and/or their spouses on 23 July 2019 (as amended or revised from time to
                                       time);


      “VIE Announcement”               the announcement of the Company dated 23 July 2019;


      “VIE Structure”                  the contractual arrangement pursuant to the VIE Agreements for the Group
                                       to indirectly participate in the value-added telecommunications business and
                                       internet cultural business in the PRC including video membership business
                                       with autopay and/or “WeChat Pay to merchant” and/or the like function;


      “XR”                             extended reality; and


      “%”                              per cent.

      The English translation of Chinese names or words in this annual report, where indicated by “*”, is included
      for information purpose only, and should not be regarded as the official English translation of such Chinese
      names or words.
