ANNUAL REPORT 2022
CONTENTS

3     Corporate Profile
4     Year in Review 2022
8     Corporate Information



9     Financial Highlights
10    Chairperson’s Statement
16    Management Discussion and Analysis
36    Board of Directors and Senior Management



48    Corporate Governance Report
84    Human Resources and Social Responsibility



90    Report of the Directors
122   Independent Auditor’s Report



128   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
        Other Comprehensive Income
131   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
133   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
135   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
138   Notes to Financial Statements
300   Five Year Financial Summary
301   Glossary
  Headquartered in the PRC, TCL Electronics is a world-leading consumer

electronics company that covers display, innovative and internet businesses.

     The Group actively transforms and innovates under the strategy of

“Value Led by Brand with Relative Cost Advantage” with technology as basis.

         Focusing on the mid-to-high-end market around the world,

      the Group strives to consolidate the “intelligent IoT ecosystem”

  strategy with all-category layout and is committed to providing users with

         an all-scenario smart and healthy life while developing into

                 a world-leading smart technology company.
004   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022




      YEAR IN REVIEW
                                                          2022
 1
          Showcased the world’s thinnest 85-inch 8K Mini
          LED TV prototype, consumer-grade XR smart
          glasses TCL NXTWEAR AIR and a broad spectrum
          of smart products at CES 2022

          Won the “2021-2022 Top 10 CE Brands”, “Eye
          Protection Innovation Award of the Year” and
          “Innovation Award of Mini LED Display Technology”
          at the “Global Top Brands” Award Ceremony




      3
          Launched TCL QD-Mini LED smart screen 98X9C
          Pro and TCL QD-Mini LED smart screen X11 at
          the TCL QD-Mini LED Product Release Conference
          in Spring 2022




                                                              Won the “Hong Kong-listed Company
                                                              (H-shares) of Best Investor Relations (IR)” at
                                                              the 5th New Fortune
                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   005




YEAR IN REVIEW
                  2022
                      4
            TCL QD-Mini LED smart
            screen C12E, TCL QD-
            Mini LED smart screen
            X11, TCL Mini LED 8K
            smart screen and other 8
            products won the “Red Dot
            Award 2022” in Germany




                                               5
                                New Product Launch Press
                                Conference in Hong Kong – New
                                flagship TCL Mini LED 8K smart
                                screen was rolled out in Hong
                                Kong




                              Won four EISA awards, including “Premium
                              Mini LED TV 2022-2023” and “Best Buy TV
                              2022-2023”




8
006   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022




      YEAR IN REVIEW
                                                          2022 Unveiled a series of large-sized smart
                                                               screens and all-category products at IFA
                                                               2022 in Berlin, Germany




            9
                              TCL Photovoltaic Technology
                              showcased at the International
                              Photovoltaic Exhibition




                                                                             10
                                                               TCL Product Release Conference in Autumn
                                                               — TCL Q10 Molecule-Grade Fresh Refrigerator
                                                               with industry-leading molecular preservation
                                                               technology launched




        Won various awards in the capital market such




 12
        as:

        1. the 7th Gelonghui Award “Information
           Disclosure Award of Year”

        2. 7th Golden Hong Kong Listed Stock —
           “Most Valuable Consumption Company”

        3. “Best Information Disclosure Award”    2       1
           of 6th China IR Annual Awards              3
                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   007




PR BRAND EVENTS
                                 2022
 Teamed up with National
 Football League (NFL)
 – becoming the official
 TV Partner of the NFL in
 North America




                                                      Renewed partnership with
                                                      the Chinese Theatre




  Became the official
  sponsor of the Brazilian
  Football Confederation
  (CBF) which played in the
  World Cup
008   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Information




      BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                       LEGAL ADVISOR
                                                               Ronald Tong & Co
      Executive Directors                                      Room 501, 5/F, Sun Hung Kai Centre
                                                               30 Harbour Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
      Ms. DU Juan (Chairperson)
      Mr. YAN Xiaolin
      Mr. HU Dien Chien (CFO)
                                                               PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
      Non-executive Directors                                  AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                               Suntera (Cayman) Limited
      Mr. WANG Cheng                                           Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3
      Mr. SUN Li                                               Building D, P.O. Box 1586
      Mr. LI Yuhao                                             Gardenia Court, Camana Bay
      Mr. Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior (retired as a non-     Grand Cayman, KY1-1100
       executive Director with effect from 17 June 2022)       Cayman Islands


      Independent Non-executive                                HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
      Directors                                                REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
                                                               OFFICE
      Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter                            Tricor Tengis Limited
      Professor WANG Yijiang                                   17/F, Far East Finance Centre
      Mr. LAU Siu Ki                                           16 Harcourt Road
      Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF (retired as an              Hong Kong
        independent non-executive Director with effect from
        17 June 2022)
                                                               PRINCIPAL OFFICE
      CEO                                                      5th Floor, Building 22E
                                                               22 Science Park East Avenue
      Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong                                       Hong Kong Science Park
                                                               Shatin, New Territories, Hong Kong

      JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
                                                               REGISTERED OFFICE
      Mr. HU Dien Chien
                                                               P. O. Box 309
      Ms. CHOY Fung Yee, Solicitor, Hong Kong
                                                               Ugland House, Grand Cayman
                                                               KY1-1104, Cayman Islands
      AUTHORISED
      REPRESENTATIVES                                          INVESTOR AND MEDIA
      Ms. DU Juan
                                                               RELATIONS
      Ms. CHOY Fung Yee, Solicitor, Hong Kong                  Hong Kong Zhixin Financial News Agency Limited
      Mr. HU Dien Chien (alternate authorised representative   Suite 2402, Kingkey Timemark
       to both Ms. DU Juan and Ms. CHOY Fung Yee)              No. 9289 Binhe Road
                                                               Futian District, Shenzhen, the PRC

      AUDITOR
                                                               WEBSITE
      Ernst & Young
      Certified Public Accountants                             http://electronics.tcl.com
      Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
      27/F One Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road
      Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
                                               TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   009

                                                                        Financial Highlights




FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS


                                                           For the year ended 31 December


(HK$ Million)                                                  2022          2021         Change

Revenue                                                     71,351         74,847           (4.7%)

Gross profit                                                13,112         12,534            4.6%

Profit after tax                                                554          1,279        (56.7%)

Profit attributable to owners of the parent                     447          1,184        (62.2%)

Non-HKFRS measure: adjusted profit
                                                                704            348        102.4%
  attributable to owners of the parent

Proposed final dividend per share (HK cents)                  12.70          16.70        (24.0%)
Forge Boldly Ahead:
   Winning with Strategy,
Advancing Fearlessly
     Chairperson’s
              Statement




Ms. DU Juan
Chairperson
012   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Chairperson’s Statement




                            DEAR SHAREHOLDERS, PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES,
                           In 2022, Covid-19 pandemic continued, while unexpected events such as geopolitical
                           conflicts, energy crisis and global inflation occurred, the trend and pattern of global
                           economic development has undergone significant changes and the economic development
                           of the PRC has also been subject to unprecedented challenges. At the same time, the
      transformation and upgrading of the domestic economic structure, the restructuring of the global industrial
      landscape and the increasing demand for digital intelligence from users have brought new development
      opportunities for the Group’s smart devices and innovative business. In 2022, the Group actively seized the
      emerging industry opportunities and continued to promote transformation and innovation. We maintained
      our commitment to the leading development strategy of “Value Led by Brand with Relative Cost Advantage”,
      comprehensively accelerated our global strategic deployment, bolstered our R&D capabilities, prioritised
      breakthroughs in the mid-to-high-end market and vigorously explored new tracks for innovative business. The
      efforts outlined above have strengthened the market position and increased profitability of the Group’s core
      display business, and realised new breakthroughs in the development of innovative business.

      In 2022, the Group’s total revenue amounted to HK$71,351 million, revenue from innovative business increased
      by 22.2% year-on-year to HK$10,444 million, and revenue from its internet business grew by 24.3% year-on-year
      to HK$2,298 million. The Group remained dedicated to making breakthroughs in the mid-to-high-end market and
      expanding its global presence, which enhanced its operation quality and profitability. The overall gross profit rose
      by 4.6% year-on-year to HK$13,112 million, resulting in a gross profit margin improvement of 1.7 percentage
      points to 18.4% when compared to that of 2021. The profit attributable to owners of the parent was HK$447
                                                                TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    013

                                                                                    Chairperson’s Statement




million, while adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 102.4% year-on-year to
HK$704 million. To express our sincere gratitude to and reward our shareholders, the Board proposed a final
dividend of HK12.70 cents per share, representing a payout ratio of 45.0% of the adjusted profit attributable
to owners of the parent.

The Group has strengthened its leading position in the display business, delivering outstanding performance
in both mid-to-high-end market strategy execution and cutting-edge technological R&D. In 2022, the Group
saw its global shipment of TCL smart screens increased against the trend, reaching 23.78 million sets,
propelling the Group’s market share1 to rank second globally. The implementation of the "TCL + Falcon"
dual-brand strategy in the PRC market contributed to a significant 21.3% year-on-year increase in TCL smart
screens shipment. Moreover, the market share of the Group’s TCL smart screens ranked among the top five
in more than 20 major countries overseas, demonstrating a steady growth. The market share of TCL smart
Android tablets ranked the fifth in the world. The market share of TCL mobile phones ranked the third and
the fourth in Canada and the U.S., respectively. The Group’s competitive advantage in the mid-to-high-end
products was further reinforced, with shipment of TCL smart screens of 65 inches and above witnessing
a remarkable 75.7% year-on-year increase, and its corresponding proportion of shipment increased by 8.2
percentage points to 19.3%. Additionally, the global shipment of TCL Mini LED smart screens grew by 26.8%
year-on-year. Outstanding results in the mid-to-high-end market have contributed to the 2.1 percentage points
year-on-year increase of the gross profit margin of the Group’s large-sized display business, reaching 18.8%.
Meanwhile, the Group continued to prioritise technological R&D and innovation, and increased its investment
in display and intelligence fields. During the year, the Group’s products received multiple awards, including
the "Premium Mini LED TV 2022-2023" award, the German "Red Dot Award 2022", the "iF Design Award",
and the "Mini LED Display Innovation of the Year Award", reflecting the industry’s recognition of the Group’s
technological achievements. Moving forward, the Group will adhere to its globalisation strategic layout,
solidify and expand its advantages in global supply chain deployment, optimise its channels and product
structure, refine its technology and innovation capacity and continuously enhance its competitiveness in the
international market.


1
    The market share calculations are based on the full-year 2022 data. The global TV market data is sourced from
    Omdia’s report on global branded TV shipment data, while country-specific TV data is obtained from GfK’s shipment
    data and NPD’s retail sales volume data. Mobile phone and Android tablet data is sourced from IDC’s shipment data.
014   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Chairperson’s Statement




                                 The Group’s global Internet business recorded a steady growth during the year,
                                 reflecting a year-on-year growth of 24.3% to HK$2,298 million in terms of revenue.
                                 In the PRC market, Falcon Network Technology Group’s brand power has further
                                 advanced, as user loyalty and activeness have both elevated. Moreover, membership
                                 penetration rate has continued to improve, while the ARPU of Falcon Network
                                 Technology Group has increased by 10.7% year-on-year to HK$85.1 in 2022,
            further strengthening its profit-generating capabilities. In the global market, the Group has maintained
            its close cooperation with major Internet giants such as Roku and Google, and expedited the commercial
            transformation of TCL Channel through the overseas business of Falcon Network Technology Group. As
            a result, revenue from the Group’s international Internet business increased by 39.6% year-on-year to
            HK$501 million in 2022.

            During 2022, the Group’s innovative business sustained its high-growth momentum and achieved
            remarkable breakthroughs throughout the year. We have been actively deepening our global layout and
            robustly developing the market space for our all-category marketing business worldwide. During the year,
            the Group’s all-category marketing business achieved a year-on-year revenue growth of 29.4% to HK$8,243
            million, and the distribution gross margin rose by 2.1 percentage points year-on-year to 13.2%. Meanwhile,
            during this year, we successfully developed a new track of distributed photovoltaic business. The Group
            officially commenced its photovoltaic business in the second quarter of 2022. By the end of 2022, over
            150 new distribution channels were developed and more than 120 commercial and industrial projects were
            entered into. As of the end of 2022, the Group’s photovoltaic business had extended its coverage to nine
            provinces and cities in the PRC. In the future, we will further develop the global layout of our photovoltaic
            business to empower the Group’s second growth curve in the long run. In addition, we released the new
            consumer-grade XR smart glasses, NXTWEAR AIR, and its upgraded version, NXTWEAR AIR 1S. NXTWEAR
            AIR was honored with “the VR/AR Innovation Award” at the 2022 World Conference on VR Industry,
            demonstrating continued market recognition of our product strength.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    015

                                                                            Chairperson’s Statement




Looking ahead to 2023, the global economy remains uncertain due to factors including geopolitical challenges
and high inflation. Nonetheless, there are growth prospects in emerging markets and recovery opportunities in
the PRC market. Meanwhile, against the backdrop of the digitisation of the economy and society, as well as
the shift towards clean energy, there is a strong momentum for consumption upgrades and industrial structure
optimisation. This has given rise to new development opportunities in the development of new energy, new
scenarios and new intelligent ecosystem, which will inject momentum into the development of smart devices
and digital industries. The Group will maintain its strategic focus and pursue its development strategies of
"Globalisation" and "Technology Transformation", with a particular emphasis on key regional development
worldwide and core channel coverage. It will increase input in R&D to promote product transformation and
upgrading, further improving product competitiveness and brand influence. These efforts will enable the Group to
achieve all-round high-quality development. The Group will also keep a close eye on emerging trends, seize new
opportunities, expand its business and service boundaries, and proactively develop new growth curves, all with
the aim of achieving sustained performance growth and delivering greater returns to our shareholders.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation to the global consumers for giving the
Group the opportunity to provide our products and services. I would also like to extend my sincere gratitude for
the unwavering support and trust from all our shareholders, investors, global customers and partners as well as
the dedication and contribution of the Directors and the Group’s management team and staff over the years.




DU Juan
Chairperson
10 March 2023
016   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Management Discussion and Analysis




      BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS
      1.    Overview
            In 2022, under the combined influence of the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflicts,
            energy crisis and persistent global inflation, the trend and pattern of global economic development
            have undergone significant changes and the economic development of the PRC has also been subject
            to unprecedented challenges. At the same time, the transformation and upgrading of the domestic
            economy in the PRC, the restructuring of the global industrial landscape and the increasing demand
            for digital intelligence from users have brought new development opportunities for the Group’s smart
            devices and innovative business. The Group has endeavoured to identify growth opportunities in an
            increasingly challenging market environment while continuously promoting its development strategy of
            “Value Led by Brand with Relative Cost Advantage”. The Group has expanded its global presence and
            focused on the high-quality development of its core display business and internet business. Moreover,
            it has proactively explored emerging areas of growth, such as new energy, new scenarios and new
            smart hardware, to expedite the expansion of innovative business and create the Group’s second
            growth curve.


            In 2022, the Group fully made use of TCL’s strong global brand power, comprehensive global
            distribution network, and the advantages of vertical integration across the entire value chain to advance
            its mid-to-high-end strategy, resulting in remarkable outcomes. Notably, high-end and large-screen
            products defied the market trend by registering growth, with their global market share continued to
            increase, and operational quality of the Group steadily improved. The Group has continued to broaden
            its business boundaries and rapidly expand its innovative business, bringing new impetus to the
            Group’s sustained growth.


            Focus on Mid-to-High-End Breakthrough and Strengthen Product
            Competitiveness, with Gross Profit Enhanced and Adjust Profit
            Attributable to Owners of the Parent Doubled
            The Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2022 was HK$71,351 million, indicating a year-
            on-year decline of 4.7%. Nonetheless, the Group’s gross profit demonstrated a 4.6% year-on-year
            increase, amounting to HK$13,112 million, and the overall gross profit margin rose by 1.7 percentage
            points year-on-year to 18.4%, which was attributable to the Group’s higher proportion of high-end and
            large-screen products, optimisation of the distribution structure and reduction in raw material costs.
            In addition, the Group increased its investment in R&D, with R&D costs increased by 2.0% year-on-
            year to HK$2,531 million, and R&D expense ratio increased by 0.2 percentage points over the last
            year to 3.5%. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s non-HKFRS measure: adjusted profit
            attributable to owners of the parent was HK$704 million, representing a significant increase of 102.4%
            year-on-year. To reward shareholders, the Board proposed a final dividend of HK12.70 cents per share,
            representing a payout ratio of 45.0% of the adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       017

                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




    Display Business Sustained Global Market Leadership, Innovative
    Business and Internet Business Became New Growth Drivers
    In 2022, the Group actively implemented the all-category layout of “intelligent IoT ecosystem” and
    continued to upgrade its smart screen product mix, with the scale of its innovative business growing
    rapidly. Revenue from the display business for the year amounted to HK$57,907 million, with a gross
    profit margin of 18.2%, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.1 percentage points. Notably, the
    large-sized display business in the PRC market recorded a revenue of HK$15,194 million, representing
    a year-on-year growth of 14.8%, and an increase in gross profit margin by 6.1 percentage points to
    24.4%. The small-and-medium-sized display business and the smart commercial display business
    recorded an increase of 1.7 percentage points and 2.1 percentage points in gross profit margin,
    reaching 15.9% and 17.3%, respectively. The Group’s innovative business generated HK$10,444
    million in revenue, representing a substantial increase of 22.2% year-on-year. The all-category
    marketing business continued to expand, resulting in a year-on-year revenue increase of 29.4% to
    HK$8,243 million, with a gross profit margin improvement of 2.1 percentage points year-on-year,
    reaching 13.2%. The photovoltaic business, which officially commenced operation in the second quarter
    of 2022, contributed a total of HK$328 million2 to revenue for the year. Revenue from the Internet
    business reached HK$2,298 million, representing a steady increase of 24.3% year-
    on-year, with a further increase in profit contribution.




2
    The total order value for photovoltaic business received in 2022 was HK$741 million, out of which HK$328 million
    was recognised as revenue for the year ended 31 December 2022.
018   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            In addition, the Group’s display business has maintained its global leadership position, with the market
            share of TCL smart screen jumping to the 2nd place in the world 3, ranking among the top five 4 in more
            than 20 countries worldwide and its market share steadily increasing, while the market share5 of its
            smart Android tablet ranked 5th in the world, and its mobile phone market share 5 ranked 3rd and 4th
            in Canada and the U.S., respectively.


            Increased R&D Investment Leads to Iteration of Frontier Technologies,
            Receiving Various International Awards for New Products across All
            Categories
            In terms of R&D investment and achievements, the Group continued to increase its investment in
            cutting-edge technology and product development and launched a broad spectrum of intelligent products
            in 2022, including Mini LED smart screen, 5G mobile phone, educational tablet and AR/XR glasses,
            etc., which won numerous international awards and were recognised for their core technologies. In
            terms of display business, the TCL Mini LED 4K Smart Screen 65C835 won the “Premium Mini LED
            TV 2022-2023” award from the EISA, the TCL Mini LED Smart Screen X12 and X11 series won the
            “Red Dot Award” of 2022 in Germany, the TCL Mini LED 4K Smart Screen 75C935 and 75C835 both
            won the “CES® 2023 Innovation Award” for their innovative engineering
            design and advanced Mini LED display technology, and TCL X11 QD-
            Mini LED Smart Screen and the TCL 4K Mini LED Smart Screen
            C845 won the “Innovation Award for Mini LED Display of the
            Year” and “Gold Award for New Generation Display Technology”
            in “Global Top Brands” Award Ceremony, respectively. TCL
            NXTPAPER 10s Smart Tablet won the “TABLET INNOVATION 2022-
            2023” award from EISA. In the area of innovative business, the
            TCL Q10 Molecule-Grade Fresh Refrigerator, the TCL Fresh Air II
            Series Air Conditioner and the TCL Dual Wash Washing Machine
            were awarded the “Annual Technical Innovation Award”, “Annual
            Product Innovation Award” and “Annual Design Innovation Award”,
            respectively, by China Household Electric Appliance Research
            Institute for their unique innovative technologies. Furthermore, the
            TCL P73 Series and 93 Series Home Theatre Soundbar and the
            TCL NXTWEAR AIR Smart Glasses all received the “iF Design Award
            of 2022” in Germany. The TCL Fresh Air Series Air Conditioner won
            the “Red Dot Award” of 2022 in Germany. The NXTWEAR AIR 1S
            won the “Outstanding AR Hardware of the Year Award” in the 7th
            Golden Gyro Ceremony. The award-winning recognition of various
            new smart products reflects the Group’s leading position in the
            field of cutting-edge display and smart technologies.




      3
            Source: Global TV brand shipment data of 2022 from Omdia.
      4
            Source: TV retail sales volume data of 2022 from NPD and TV shipment data of 2022 from GfK.
      5
            Source: Global shipment data of 2022 from IDC.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   019

                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




2.   Display Business
     2.1 Large-Sized Display
            In 2022, the overall TV sales across the industry continued to face challenges due to weak
            demand in the end-consumer market, driven by macro environmental factors such as the
            recurrence of the Covid-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflicts and high inflation. According to
            the latest statistics from Omdia, global TV shipment in 2022 was 203 million sets, down by
            4.8% year-on-year, with the revenue reaching USD102.42 billion, down by 13.2% year-on-year.
            Despite the challenges brought by the tough market environment, the Group focused on mid-
            to-high-end products and continued to implement the dual-brand strategy of “TCL+Falcon”,
            achieving remarkable results. In 2022, the Group recorded a 0.8% year-on-year increase in global
            shipment of TCL smart screens against downward trend, totaling 23.78 million sets. Notably,
            the shipment of TCL smart screens of 65 inches and above rose significantly by 75.7% year-
            on-year, and its corresponding proportion increased by 8.2 percentage points to 19.3%. Such
            favourable outcomes in mid-to-high-end strategy contributed to the 2.1 percentage points year-
            on-year increase in gross profit margin of the Group’s large-sized display business to 18.8%.
            Additionally, the Group launched a variety of new Mini LED products in 2022, which were well-
            recognised by both consumers and the industry. During the year, the global shipment of TCL Mini
            LED smart screens increased by 26.8% year-on-year and the high-end product strategy yielded
            significant results.


            The PRC Market
            In 2022, the TV industry in the PRC faced continued pressure due to the impact of the pandemic
            and continuous weakened demand. According to the latest omni-channel data of CMM6, the retail
            sales volume of colour TV in the PRC market in 2022 decreased by 5.6% year-on-year, totaling
            34.94 million sets, with retail sales revenue declining by 12.2% year-on-year to RMB115.50
            billion. Nevertheless, the Group further enhanced it product mix and optimised online and offline
            sales channels, leading to a 21.3% year-on-year growth of TCL smart screen’s overall shipment
            in the PRC market in the whole year of 2022. The market share in terms of retail sales revenue
            of TCL smart screen rose by 1.8 percentage points year-on-year to 14.6%, securing the Group’s
            position among the top two in the PRC market6.




6
     Source: CMM omni-channel retail sales volume in the PRC market of 2022.
020   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Management Discussion and Analysis




                   In 2022, the Group vigorously executed its “mid-to-high-end + large screen” strategy, resulting
                   in a continuous increase in the sales proportion of large-sized smart screens. Notably, the
                   shipment of TCL smart screens of 65 inches and above in the PRC market grew by an impressive
                   96.0% year-on-year, accounting for 43.6% of the total shipment of TCL smart screens,
                   representing a year-on-year growth of 16.6 percentage points. Furthermore, the average size
                   of TCL smart screens sold in the PRC market increased by 4.5 inches year-on-year from 52.4
                   inches to 56.9 inches. Simultaneously, TCL Mini LED smart screen’s retail sales volume share
                   in the PRC Mini LED TV market exceeded 53%, affirming the Group’s continued first place in the
                   industry6. In 2022, the Group’s annual sales revenue of smart screens in the PRC market grew
                   by 14.8% year-on-year to HK$15,194 million, and gross profit margin improved by 6.1 percentage
                   points year-on-year to 24.4%, benefitting from the optimisation and upgrading of product mix.


                   During the 2022 Double Eleven Shopping Festival7, the Group adeptly aligned itself with
                   emerging consumer trends, and the dual-brand strategy of “TCL+Falcon” yielded significant
                   results, with the retail sales volume of smart screens achieving a remarkable breakthrough.
                           Based on CMM data, the Group’s TCL smart screens emerged as the top performer
                                     in terms of retail sales revenue across all e-commerce channels during the
                                          festival, with TCL Mini LED smart screens, 98-inch giant smart screen and
                                          smart screen with high refresh rate of 120 Hz and above clinching the top
                                                     spot in both retail sales revenue and retail sales volume across
                                                      all e-commerce channels.


                                                 International Markets
                                          In 2022, the weaker global economic growth and high inflation in Europe
                                          and the U.S. brought pressure on market demand, resulting in a 4.9%
                                          year-on-year decrease in the Group’s shipment of TCL smart screens in
                                          international markets, with sales revenue dropping by 16.7% year-on-year
                                          to HK$30,000 million. Nevertheless, the Group’s shipment of mid-to-high-
                                            end products has increased steadily due to the gradual shift in the TV
                                                  industry’s product mix towards high-end and large-screen products.
                                                       As a result, the gross profit margin of the Group reached
                                                            15.9%, remaining at basically the same level as that of
                                                                 last year, with steady improvement in the quality of
                                                                       operations.




      7
            It refers to the period from 20:00 31 October 2022 to 24:00 11 November 2022.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     021

                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




           According to the latest reports by GfK and NPD, the market share in terms of shipment of the
           Group’s TCL smart screens ranked among the top five in more than 20 countries overseas,
           demonstrating year-on-year growth, including:


           •      North American Markets: in spite of the continuous weaker demand in the North American
                  colour TV market due to the previous demand in advance impacted by the pandemic,
                  the Group’s smart screen business in North America still made steady progress and
                  maintained its leading market share in terms of retail sales volume in 2022. For the year
                  ended 31 December 2022, market share of TCL smart screen in terms of retail sales
                  volume ranked a solid No.2 in the U.S., No.4 in Mexico and No.5 in Canada (Source:
                  NPD8);


           •      Emerging Markets9: the persistent efforts in key countries and regions have led to a
                  10.4% year-on-year increase in the shipment of TCL smart screens in emerging markets
                  in 2022, with shipment in the Philippines, Turkey and Indonesia soaring by 43.0%, 52.3%
                  and 62.0%, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2022, TCL smart screen
                  secured the top spot for market share by shipment in Australia, the Philippines and
                  Pakistan, the second in Myanmar and Saudi Arabia, the third in Brazil and Kazakhstan,
                  the fourth in Thailand, Vietnam, Argentina and Morocco, and the fifth in Chile and the
                  United Arab Emirates (Source: GfK10); and


           •      European Markets: TCL smart screen experienced a slight decline in the first half of
                  2022 due to geopolitical and inflationary impacts. However, since the third quarter, the
                  shipment of TCL smart screens has rebounded and increased by 5.3% year-on-year for
                  the year. Notably, the year-on-year increase of shipment in the Benelux11 and the United
                  Kingdom was 41.3% and 53.8%, respectively. Throughout the year, rankings of TCL smart
                  screen by shipment in several European countries continued to rise. For the year ended
                  31 December 2022, market share of TCL smart screen in terms of shipment jumped to
                  the second in France, the third in the Czech Republic and Italy, the fourth in Poland and
                  Greece, and the fifth in Hungary (Source: GfK 10).




8
     This report refers to NPD’s U.S./Canada/Mexico Retail Market Survey Report and covers LCD TV retail sales
     volumes for the periods of January to December 2022 and January to December 2021.
9
     Emerging markets include Asia Pacific, Latin America and Central and East Asia, etc.
10
     This report refers to GfK’s Global Market Survey Report and covers TV shipment for the periods of January to
     December 2022 and January to December 2021.
11
     Benelux refers to Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg.
022   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            2.2 Small-and-Medium-Sized Display
                   During 2022, the Group launched a variety of new small-and-medium-sized smart display
                   products, such as smart eye-protection tablets and smartphones, and continued to deepen
                   cooperation with leading network operators worldwide, maintaining a leading position in overall
                   shipment in the European and American markets. In 2022, the Group’s total shipment of small-
                   and-medium-sized display products reached 16.43 million sets, with total revenue of HK$11,802
                   million. Benefitting from product upgrades, sales in North American region were strong, with
                   revenue increasing by 20.2% year-on-year. According to the latest report by IDC in key global
                   markets, in 2022, shipment of the Group’s smartphones ranked the third in Canada, the fourth
                   in the U.S., the fifth in Australia, and the sixth in Western Europe. In 2022, the Group ranked
                   the fifth in the world in terms of smart Android tablet shipment, and ranked the second, fourth
                   and fifth in the U.S., Latin America and Western Europe, respectively.


            2.3 Smart Commercial Display
                   In 2022, the Group focused on the Interactive Flat Panel Display (IFPD) market and continuously
                   cooperated with DingTalk and Tencent to bolster the domestic intelligent meeting ecosystem.
                   Moreover, the Group made successful inroads into the international commercial display market,
                   accumulating valuable product and operational experience in overseas markets. During the
                   year, the Group introduced the 98-inch TCL NXTHUB 98V50 intelligent interactive meeting board
                   and the TCL Smart Education Whiteboard 86X60, which served to facilitate efficient office
                   applications for corporate clients and improve education and teaching quality across various
                   scenarios. In 2022, the Group’s smart commercial display business continued to expand, with
                   its total revenue surging to HK$911 million, representing a significant year-on-year increase of
                   196.6%.


      3.    Innovative Business
            3.1 All-Category Marketing
                   The Group has fully capitalised on its robust brand influence and channel advantages to
                   proactively expand its global layout and accelerate the introduction of smart products like air-
                   conditioners, refrigerators and washing machines to international markets, and enhance its
                   global distribution scale. In 2022, the Group maintained strong growth across all-category
                   marketing, with distribution revenue reaching HK$8,243 million, representing a year-on-year
                   increase of 29.4%. The gross profit of distribution increased by 53.7% year-on-year to HK$1,085
                   million, and gross margin of distribution rose significantly by 2.1 percentage points year-on-
                   year to 13.2%. Additionally, the Group introduced several intelligent products, including the TCL
                   Fresh Air III Series Air Conditioner with two-way fresh air technology, and the TCL Q10 Molecule-
                   Grade Refrigerator and TCL Dual Wash Washing Machine. The Group’s new product series of
                   refrigerators and washing machines received numerous industry accolades, further bolstering
                   its brand power. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to enhance brand recognition and
                   strengthen its advantage in synergy of distribution channels to drive global growth across all-
                   category marketing.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       023

                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.2 Photovoltaic Business
            In light of the global energy transformation and carbon neutrality, the Group capitalised on the
            opportunity and utilised its industrial synergy to partner with TCL Zhonghuan Renewable Energy
            Technology Co., Limited* (TCL中環新能源科技股份有限公司) (a joint stock limited company
            established under the laws of the PRC and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock
            code: 002129.SZ) to leverage on its leading photovoltaic industry chain and project operation
            experience to swiftly penetrate and compete in the photovoltaic sector, thereby fortifying its
            capabilities for sustainable and high-quality development. At the same time, the Group has taken
            advantage of its extensive channel coverage in the PRC market to accelerate the implementation
            of distributed photovoltaic solutions in both B2B (business-to-business) and B2C (business-to-
            customer) sectors, while also actively seeking new growth opportunities.


            Since the Group officially commenced its photovoltaic business in the second quarter of 2022,
            by the end of 2022, it had extended its coverage to nine major provinces and cities in the PRC.
            The photovoltaic business achieved a remarkable “zero to one”, generating revenue 12 of HK$328
            million for the year, with rapid growth in monthly installation orders and revenue. In the future,
            the Group will actively promote the high-quality development of its distributed photovoltaic
            business in more provinces and regions, with the goal of becoming an innovator and leader in
            providing comprehensive solutions for rural zero-carbon lifestyle and zero-carbon industrial park.


     3.3 Smart Connection and Smart Home
            The Group has continued to expand its intelligent IoT ecosystem layout across all categories
            and actively fostered the development of smart connective products, including smart glasses13,
            routers and smart wearables, as well as the smart home business, featuring smart door locks.
            During 2022, the Group successfully launched consumer-grade smart glasses of NXTWEAR AIR
            and its upgraded version NXTWEAR AIR 1S in the PRC. The NXTWEAR AIR smart glasses were
            awarded “the VR/AR Innovation Award” at the 2022 World Conference on VR Industry. Falcon
            smart glasses ranked No.1 14 in terms of market share by domestic online sales volume for the
            year ended 31 December 2022. The revenue of the Group’s smart connection and smart home
            businesses was HK$1,873 million in 2022, of which revenue from the smart home business
            increased by 17.0% year-on-year, reaching HK$719 million. The smart connection business was
            affected by the pandemic and geopolitical conflicts, with MiFi markets in Europe and the U.S.
            declining year-on-year, while maintaining relative competitiveness.


            In terms of global key markets and countries and according to the latest TSR report on annual
            global shipment in 2022, TCL mobile routers ranked the third and TCL CPE ranked the sixth in
            the global market.




12
     The total order value for photovoltaic business received in 2022 was HK$741 million, out of which HK$328 million
     was recognised as revenue for the year ended 31 December 2022.
13
     The smart glasses business is mainly carried out by Falcon Innovations Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.* (雷鳥創新
     技術(深圳)有限公司). As at 31 December 2022, the Company held approximately 14.99% of its equity interest.
14
     Source: Annual Report on the Sales of Consumer-Grade AR Glasses on Major Online Platforms in the PRC Market for
     2022 from iResearch.
024   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Management Discussion and Analysis




      4.    Internet Business
            The Group is committed to deepening the global presence of its home internet business and strives to
            offer users with products and services that allow multi-screen, real-time interaction and smart sensing
            across all scenarios. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s global internet business
            revenue reached HK$2,298 million, representing a 24.3% increase year-on-year.


            4.1 Internet Business in the PRC Market
                   The Group’s domestic internet business, mainly the domestic business of Falcon Network
                   Technology Group, showed a positive trend in terms of its monetisation and profitability
                   capabilities. In 2022, the Internet business in the PRC market recorded revenue of HK$1,797
                   million, representing an increase of 20.6% year-on-year. During the year, the Falcon Network
                   Technology Group continued to enrich the content and improve the user-friendliness of its
                   system while also enhancing the precision of content recommendations. The Group experienced
                   a significant 83.9% year-on-year growth in revenue from its vertical and innovative business,
                   including music, games, education, children and application stores, being a new growth engine.
                   With the continuous enhancement of software product competitiveness, innovative business
                   expansion and user loyalty, the ARPU of Falcon Network Technology Group reached HK$85.1
                   in 2022, up by 10.7% year-on-year, and the MAU (monthly active user) base exceeded 21.70
                   million, up by 10.6% year-on-year.


            4.2 Internet Business in International Markets
                   The Group has maintained close cooperation with prominent internet giants such as Roku
                   and Google to continually enhance user service experience. Furthermore, the Group has been
                   receiving revenue sharing from Google’s platform operation since 2021. In 2022, the Group has
                   continued to improve its global home internet business, with revenue from internet business in
                   international markets reaching HK$501 million, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 39.6%. Falcon
                   Network Technology Group has also actively expanded its overseas business by reaching out
                   to the vast number of TCL smart screen users by partnering with OTT platforms to rapidly build
                   up the cohort of TCL Channel subscribers. As of the end of December 2022, TCL Channel, the
                   integrated content application of the Group, has covered 60 countries in North America, Europe,
                   Central and South America, and Asia Pacific, with an accumulated user base of over 12 million.
                   Going forward, the Group intends to strengthen the traffic monetisation capability of the TCL
                   Channel, thereby providing high-quality experience and services to users in various key markets.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   025

                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




5.   Outlook
     Looking forward to 2023, the global consumer market is anticipated to continue its slow recovery
     amid various uncertainties, and the trend of structural upgrade is expected to persist. Meanwhile,
     the economy of the PRC market is expected to have a good chance for a full recovery. Additionally,
     the digital economy, together with green economy is projected to drive the emergence of new growth
     opportunities for new energy, new scenarios and new smart hardware. The Group is committed to
     leveraging its strengths and avoiding shortcomings, ensuring strategic stability amidst an unpredictable
     business climate. The Group remains steadfast in its upgraded overarching strategy “Value Led by
     Brand with Relative Cost Advantage, Ultimate Efficiency Operation and Collaborative Innovation”, while
     continuing to advance the development strategy of “Globalisation” and “Technological Transformation”.
     The Group will actively build an “intelligent IoT ecosystem” across all categories, enhancing its brand
     competitiveness to become a leader in the global intelligent device market, with the ultimate goal of
     generating value for consumers, while achieving leading market presence and profitability.


     Reinforce Global Layout, Strengthen Supply Chain Resilience, Advance
     Top-notch Operations, and Build High-value Brands
     In response to the ongoing global economic restructuring, the Group is committed to maintaining
     its position as a global leader. It will continue to expand its global business layout, leveraging its
     distinctive advantage of vertical integration across the entire industry chain to enhance its global
     competitiveness amid the new circumstances. The Group will also focus on consolidating and
     strengthening its supply chain system and market channels development, increasing its global TV
     market share and brand recognition, enhancing its competitiveness and operational resilience in the
     global market, and prioritising in the order of “cash flow growth rate, profit growth rate, revenue scale
     growth rate, and sales scale growth rate”, to achieve high-quality growth and cultivate a higher brand
     value.


     Continuously Boosting R&D Investment, and Upgrading Products
     Driven by Technology to Inject Growth Vitality
     The Group will prioritise enhancing the consumer experience through investments in product and
     technology, with a focus on R&D innovation to elevate product and brand values. The Group will
     seize the trend of the next-generation display technologies and continue to boost R&D investments
     to develop industry-leading, high-end display technologies,
     such as Mini LED, QD and 8K. Furthermore, the
     Group will accelerate the application of technological
     achievements to optimise its product mix. In addition,
     the Group will further its future-oriented deployment
     in the field of intelligent interaction, prioritising AI,
     cloud services, 5G and intelligent manufacturing to
     stay ahead in cutting-edge technology development and
     application and reinforce its core technological competitiveness.
026   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Management Discussion and Analysis




            Core Business Profitability and New Business Growth as Twin Engines,
            Deepening the Implementation of the All-Scenario Smart Living Strategy,
            Empowering Long-Term Development
            Proactively Expanding the Market Share in Core Businesses and Continue to Improve Earnings
            Quality. The Group will adhere to its mid-to-high-end branding strategy, continuously upgrade brand and
            product power, accelerate development of existing business, promote cost reduction and efficiency
            improvement in the supply chain, ensure quality and speed of overall operations, and achieve high-
                quality earnings growth. The Group will remain focused on achieving market and sales channel
                                     breakthroughs, while upholding refined operation and marketing strategies
                                       to stimulate synergy across all categories and businesses. Efforts are
                                        underway to continuously expand the scale and service scope of the global
                                        Internet business while maintaining the operation and profitability of Falcon
                                        Network Technology Group at a relatively high level. Concurrently, the Group
                                        is actively expanding its overseas operations and exploring and deepening
                                        cooperation opportunities with overseas Internet partners. Domestic and
                                        overseas content resources are being integrated to develop and explore
                                        innovative business ventures, optimise the business ecosystem and greatly
                                        enhance the operation and profitability of the global Internet business.


                                        Exploring New Areas for Growth, Pursuing a Second Growth Curve,
                                        and Continuously Optimising the All-Scenario Smart Living Strategy in
                                        Line with Changing Times. The Group will seize emerging opportunities,
                                        including the national target on carbon neutrality, green and clean energy
                                        and green economy, and leverage its vertical industry chain, sales
                                        channels, financial resources and technological advantages to achieve
                                        breakthroughs in diversified new businesses such as photovoltaic and AR/
                                        XR smart glasses. This will build strength for the Group’s long-term high-
                                        quality development. Furthermore, the Group aims to keep abreast of social
                                        and economic changes driven by consumption and green development,
                                        and implements the all-scenario smart living strategy. It will persist in
                                        developing and enhancing the three smart scenarios of smart home, mobile
                                        services and smart commercial display, identify consumer needs in various
                                        dimensions, establish a more convenient and comfortable “intelligent
                                        IoT ecosystem”, and aspire to become the world’s premier smart device
                                        enterprise by achieving a prominent market position and business
                                        profitability while creating value for its consumers.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   027

                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




Comparison between 2022 and 2021
The table below lists and compares the figures of 2022 and 2021:


                                                                         For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


REVENUE                                                                   71,351,415          74,846,888
Cost of sales                                                            (58,239,832)        (62,312,579)


Gross profit                                                              13,111,583          12,534,309
Other income and gains                                                     3,140,951           3,029,028
Selling and distribution expenses                                         (7,401,415)         (7,043,046)
Administrative expenses                                                   (4,428,643)         (4,222,634)
Research and development costs                                            (2,531,283)         (2,480,566)
Other operating expenses                                                    (385,315)            (81,755)
Impairment losses of financial assets, net                                   (91,520)            (32,147)


                                                                           1,414,358           1,703,189
Finance costs                                                               (668,671)           (400,860)
Shares of profits and losses of:
  – Joint ventures                                                             26,784                610
  – Associates                                                                 63,057            144,827


Profit before tax                                                            835,528           1,447,766
Income tax                                                                  (281,604)           (168,476)


Profit for the year                                                          553,924           1,279,290


Profit attributable to owners of the parent                                  447,007           1,183,999
Non-HKFRS measure: adjusted profit attributable to
  owners of the parent                                                       704,422             348,059
028   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Management Discussion and Analysis




      Revenue
      The Group’s revenue decreased by 4.7% year-on-year from HK$74,847 million in 2021 to HK$71,351 million
      in 2022. The following table sets out the Group’s revenue by business for the years ended 31 December
      2022 and 31 December 2021.


                                                                          For the year ended 31 December
                                                                      2022                                 2021
                                                                               Proportion                           Proportion
                                                                              of the total                         of the total
                                                           HK$ Million            revenue       HK$ Million            revenue


      Display Business 15                                       57,907             81.1%             63,949             85.4%
           – Large-Sized Display                                45,194             63.3%             49,267             65.8%
             – The PRC Market                                   15,194             21.3%             13,238             17.7%
             – International Markets                            30,000             42.0%             36,029             48.1%
           – Small-and-Medium-Sized Display                    11,802             16.5%             14,375             19.2%
           – Smart Commercial Display                               911              1.3%               307               0.4%


      Innovative Business 16                                    10,444             14.7%              8,546             11.4%
           – All-Category Marketing                              8,243             11.6%              6,372               8.5%
           – Photovoltaic Business                                  328              0.5%                  –               N/A
           – Smart Connection and Smart Home                    1,873               2.6%             2,174               2.9%


      Internet Business 17                                       2,298               3.2%             1,849               2.5%
           – The PRC Market                                      1,797               2.5%             1,490               2.0%
           – International Markets                                  501              0.7%               359               0.5%


      Others                                                        702              1.0%               503               0.7%


      Total revenue                                             71,351            100.0%             74,847            100.0%



      15
               “Display business” (including large-sized display (i.e. smart screen business), small-and-medium-sized display and
               smart commercial display) corresponds to (i) the “Smart screen” segment; and (ii) the display business in both
               “Smart mobile, connective devices and services” segment and “Smart commercial display, smart home, photovoltaic
               and other businesses” segment as set out in the operating segment information of the notes to the financial
               statements.
      16
               “Innovative business” (including smart connection, smart home, all-category marketing and photovoltaic business)
               corresponds to (i) “All-category marketing” segment; and (ii) the remaining business after excluding the display
               business both in the “Smart mobile, connective devices and services” segment and the “Smart commercial display,
               smart home, photovoltaic and other businesses” segment as set out in the operating segment information of notes
               to the financial statements.
      17
               “Internet business” refers to “Internet business” as set out in the operating segment information of the notes to
               the financial statements.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    029

                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




Display Business
In 2022, revenue from the display business decreased by 9.4% year-on-year, from HK$63,949 million in 2021
to HK$57,907 million. The decline was mainly attributable to the weakened demand in the global consumer
market during the year, which was affected by various external factors, including the escalation of global
geopolitical risks, energy crisis and overseas inflation. This led to a year-on-year decrease in revenue of both
the Group’s small-to-medium-sized display business and overseas large-sized display business.


Innovative Business
The Group’s innovative business revenue saw an increase of 22.2% year-on-year from HK$8,546 million in
2021 to HK$10,444 million in 2022. The growth was mainly attributable to the rapid expansion of the all-
category marketing and photovoltaic businesses, which saw remarkable development and scale expansion
during the year.


Internet Business
The Group’s revenue from the internet business increased by 24.3% year-on-year, from HK$1,849 million
in 2021 to HK$2,298 million in 2022. The growth was primarily driven by the expansion of the vertical and
innovative business under the Falcon Network Technology Group, the enhancement of platform content and
overall platform efficiency optimisation. Additionally, the Group’s overseas internet business experienced
a significant breakthrough in its operation, resulting in a substantial increase of 39.6% in revenue from
international internet business for the year.


Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
Overall gross profit increased by 4.6% year-on-year from HK$12,534 million in 2021 to HK$13,112 million
in 2022. Gross profit margin for 2022 was 18.4%, representing an increase of 1.7 percentage points as
compared to that of 2021. The rebound of the Group’s gross profit and gross profit margin was mainly
attributable to the Group’s commitment to operational excellence, the focus on mid-to-high-end breakthroughs
and efforts to enhance cost-effectiveness and efficiency.


Display Business
In 2022, gross profit margin of the display business increased by 2.1 percentage points year-on-year to
18.2%. The improvement was primarily attributable to the successful mid-to-high-end breakthroughs of the
Group, resulting in outstanding sales performance of large-sized and high-end products. In addition, the
downtrend of the panel price led to the reduction of the cost. Consequently, the smart screen business of the
Group experienced a significant rebound in its gross profit margin.


Innovative Business
The gross profit margin of innovative business for the year 2022 was 13.5%, showing a minor decline of 0.2
percentage points compared to that of the previous year, indicating a stable performance.


Internet Business
In 2022, the gross profit margin of the internet business was 50.5%, down by 5.9 percentage points year-
over-year. The decrease was primarily attributable to the increase in revenue proportion from vertical and
innovative business, which has relatively lower gross profit compared to advertising business.


Other Income and Gains
Other income and gains increased by 3.7% year-on-year from HK$3,029 million in 2021 to HK$3,141 million
in 2022, mainly due to the increase of the foreign exchange gains and interest income year-on-year.
030   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Management Discussion and Analysis




      Selling and Distribution Expenses
      In 2022, the Group recorded a 5.1% year-on-year increase in selling and distribution expenses, from
      HK$7,043 million in 2021 to HK$7,401 million in 2022. This was primarily driven by the Group’s sustained
      investment in brand marketing, resulting in increases in related selling expenses.

      Administrative Expenses
      The Group experienced a 4.9% year-on-year increase in administrative expenses, from HK$4,223 million
      in 2021 to HK$4,429 million in 2022. This was largely attributable to net realised loss on settlement of
      derivative financial instruments18 during the year.

      R&D Costs
      The Group’s R&D costs increased by 2.0% year-on-year from HK$2,481 million in 2021 to HK$2,531 million
      in 2022. The rise was mainly attributable to the Group’s ongoing increase in R&D investment in advanced
      display technologies like Mini LED, and cutting-edge technologies such as IoT, algorithm optimisation and
      cloud services.

      Impairment Losses on Financial Assets, Net
      The net impairment loss on financial assets increased by 184.7% year-on-year from HK$32.15 million in 2021
      to HK$91.52 million in 2022, mainly due to the increase in provision for trade receivables from a commercial
      retailer (being a listed company) during the reporting period.

      Finance Costs
      Finance costs increased by 66.8% year-on-year from HK$401 million in 2021 to HK$669 million in 2022,
      mainly due to the increase in the federal funds rate of the U.S. during the reporting period.

      Share of Profits and Losses – Joint Ventures and Associates
      The Group’s share of profits decreased by 38.2% year-on-year from HK$145 million in 2021 to HK$89.84
      million in 2022, primarily due to sluggish market sentiment and weak industry demand. The Group’s share of
      profits and losses from associates decreased during the year.

      Profit before Tax
      Profit before tax decreased by 42.3% year-on-year from HK$1,448 million in 2021 to HK$836 million in 2022,
      mainly attributable to the one-off gain of HK$741 million resulting from the partial disposal of the equity
      interest in Amlogic held by the Group in 2021.

      Income Tax
      The Group’s income tax increased by 67.1% year-on-year from HK$168 million in 2021 to HK$282 million
      in 2022, mainly due to the increase in income tax provision as a result of underprovision of income tax of
      certain subsidiaries of the Group in prior years.

      Profit for the Year and Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent
      The Group’s profit decreased by 56.7% year-on-year from HK$1,279 million in 2021 to HK$554 million in
      2022. The Group’s profit attributable to owners of the parent decreased by 62.2% year-on-year from HK$1,184
      million in 2021 to HK$447 million in 2022. The decrease was mainly due to the one-off gain of HK$741
      million resulting from the partial disposal of the equity interest in Amlogic held by the Group in 2021.


      18
            The year 2022 saw significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. In response, the Group utilised derivative
            financial instruments to prudently hedge the foreign exchange risk and counteract the impact of foreign exchange
            gain or loss during the year. As a result of this hedging strategy, the Group achieved a net foreign exchange gain for
            the year ended 31 December 2022.
                                                                   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022           031

                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




Non-HKFRS Measure: Adjusted Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent
The adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 102.4% year-on-year from HK$348 million
in 2021 to HK$704 million in 2022.

To supplement the Group’s consolidated results prepared and presented in accordance with HKFRS issued
by the HKICPA, the Group uses adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent as an additional financial
measure. The Group defines adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent as profit attributable to
owners of the parent after adding back the following adjustments: (i) (gain)/loss from investment companies,
net; (ii) (gain)/loss on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries, net; (iii) earnings related to call options and
put options; and (iv) (gain)/loss on disposal of non-current assets, net.

Whilst adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent is not required by or presented in accordance with
HKFRS, the management of the Company believes that such non-HKFRS financial measure provides useful
supplementary information to investors in assessing the results of the Group’s core businesses by excluding
the impact of certain non-cash items, investments and non-current assets transactions. However, such
unaudited non-HKFRS financial measure should be regarded as supplement to, and not substitute for, the
Group’s financial results prepared in accordance with HKFRS. In addition, the definition of such non-HKFRS
financial measure does not have a standardised meaning prescribed by HKFRS and therefore may not be
comparable to similar measures presented by other companies, and may differ from similar terminology used
by other companies. Accordingly, the use of such non-HKFRS measure has limitation as an analytical tool, and
investors should not consider it in isolation form, or as a substitute for analysis of our results of operations
or financial conditions as reported under HKFRS.

The following tables set forth reconciliations of the Group’s adjusted profit attributable to owners of the
parent to the nearest comparable financial measure (profit attributable to owners of the parent) prepared and
presented in accordance with HKFRS.


                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2022                   2021
                                                                                             HK$’000                HK$’000


Profit attributable to owners of the parent, as reported                                     447,007              1,183,999
(Gain)/loss from investment companies, net         19
                                                                                             300,825               (802,981)
(Gain)/loss on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries, net         20
                                                                                               (4,529)                16,752
Earnings related to call options and put option         21
                                                                                             (39,975)                (19,331)
(Gain)/loss on disposal of non-current assets, net22                                            1,094                (30,380)


Non-HKFRS measure:
     adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent                                    704,422                348,059




19
         (Gain)/loss from investment companies, net includes net (gains)/losses on deemed disposals, disposals,
         liquidations, deemed partial purchases of investment companies.
20
         (Gain)/loss on disposal and liquidation of subsidiaries, net includes net (gains)/losses on deemed disposals,
         disposals and liquidation of subsidiaries.
21
         Earnings related to call options and put option include changes in fair value of call options and put option, imputed
         interests on a financial liability arising from a put option and net (gain)/loss on settlement of expired call options.
22
         (Gain)/loss on disposal of non-current assets, net includes net (gains)/losses on disposal of fixed assets, other
         intangible assets, right-of-use assets and other assets.
032   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Management Discussion and Analysis




      FINANCIAL REVIEW
      Significant Investments, Acquisitions and Disposals
      On 13 May 2022 (after trading hours), TCL Electronics (Huizhou) entered into an acquisition agreement
      with T.C.L. Industries (H.K.), pursuant to which T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) conditionally agreed to sell, and
      TCL Electronics (Huizhou) conditionally agreed to acquire, 100% of the equity interest in and of TCL Digital
      Technology (Shenzhen) at the consideration of approximately RMB116,031,000 (equivalent to approximately
      HK$136,731,000). For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 13 May 2022. The
      transaction was completed in May 2022.


      Save as disclosed above, the Group had no other significant investment held as at 31 December 2022, and
      did not undertake any material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures during the
      year ended 31 December 2022.


      Liquidity and Financial Resources
      The Group’s principal financial instruments to manage liquidity risk comprise bank loans, factorings, cash and
      short-term deposits. The main objective for the use of these financial instruments is to maintain a continuity
      of funding and flexibility at the lowest cost possible.


      The cash and cash equivalents of the Group as at 31 December 2022 amounted to approximately
      HK$9,390,941,000, decreasing by 18.4% year-on-year, of which 0.3% was in Hong Kong dollars, 38.7% was
      in USD, 42.5% was in RMB, 6.5% was in Euros and 12.0% was in other currencies for overseas operations.


      For the purpose of day-to-day liquidity management and future expansion, the Group has access to bank
      and other borrowings. The bank borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2022 were approximately
      HK$5,463,083,000 which were interest-bearing at fixed rates ranging from 0.70% to 5.99% and denominated
      in USD, RMB, Euros and Mexican Peso. The maturity profile of borrowing was on demand to within six years.
      It is the intention of the Group to maintain a mix of equity and debt to ensure an efficient capital structure
      and in view of the reasonable interest rate. There was no material change in available credit facilities when
      compared with the year ended 31 December 2021 and there was no asset held under finance lease as at 31
      December 2022.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   033

                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s gearing ratio was 0% since the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, and
restricted cash and pledged deposits of approximately HK$9,510,496,000 were higher than the total interest-
bearing bank and other borrowings and lease liabilities of approximately HK$5,872,824,000. Gearing ratio
was calculated by net borrowings (i.e. total interest-bearing bank borrowings and lease liabilities, less cash
and cash equivalents, and restricted cash and pledged deposits), divided by equity attributable to owners of
the parent. The maturity profile of such borrowings ranged from on demand to within six years.


Pledge of Assets
Please refer to notes 23, 25 and 27 to the financial statements.


Capital Commitments and Contingent Liabilities
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had the following capital commitments:


                                                                                   2022                2021
                                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000


Contracted, but not provided for                                                673,618             400,089
Authorised, but not contracted for                                              116,590             663,529


                                                                                790,208           1,063,618


As at 31 December 2022, the Group had the following contingent liabilities which have not been provided for
in the financial statements:


SEMP Mobilidade is currently a respondent in a tax assessment dispute in Brazil with Brazil tax authority
for alleged improper application of tax credits for the financial years of 2012 and 2013. As at 31 December
2022, the tax assessment dispute was still ongoing. The information usually required by HKAS 37 Provisions,
Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets is not disclosed on the grounds that such disclosure can be
expected to prejudice seriously the outcome. Based on the response from the independent attorney in charge,
it is expected that the dispute will last for 3 to 5 years. The Group has not made any provision as the Group,
based on the advice from its legal counsel, believes that SEMP Mobilidade has a valid defence against the
allegation.
034   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Management Discussion and Analysis




      Pending Litigation
      Save as disclosed above, the Group was not involved in any material litigation as at 31 December 2022.


      Foreign Exchange Exposure
      Due to its international presence and operation, the Group is facing foreign exchange exposure including
      transaction exposure and translation exposure.


      It is the Group’s policy to centralise foreign currency management to monitor its total foreign currency
      exposure, to net off affiliate positions and to consolidate hedging transactions with banks. The Group
      emphasises the importance of trading, investing and borrowing in functional currency to achieve natural
      hedging. In addition, in line with the aim of prudent financial management, the Group does not engage in any
      high risk derivative trading or leveraged foreign exchange contracts.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   035

                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




Employee and Remuneration Policy
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a total of 24,694 dynamic and talented employees. During the
year ended 31 December 2022, the total staff costs amounted to approximately HK$5,568,229,000, which
were all dedicated to advancing the quality and reliability of our operations. The Group promotes individuals
based on their performance and development potential in the positions held. In order to attract and retain
high quality staff, competitive remuneration package is offered to employees (with reference to market norms
and individual employees’ performance, qualification and experience). On top of basic salaries, bonuses
may be paid with reference to the Group’s performance as well as individual employees’ performance. In
addition, training and development programmes are provided on an on-going basis throughout the Group.
The remuneration policy of the Group was reviewed regularly, making reference to current legislation, market
condition and both the performance of individual employees and the Group. In order to align the interests of
staff with those of Shareholders, share options were granted to relevant grantees, including employees of the
Group, under the Company’s share option scheme adopted on 18 May 2016. Share options carrying rights to
subscribe for a total number of 39,121,343 Shares remained outstanding as at 31 December 2022.


The Award Scheme was also adopted by the Company on 6 February 2008 and was amended from time to
time. Pursuant to the Award Scheme, existing Shares may be purchased from the market or new shares may
be subscribed for by the designated Trustee out of cash contributed by the Company, and would be held
on trust by the designated trustee for the relevant selected persons until such Shares are vested with the
relevant selected persons in accordance with the rules of the Award Scheme. The Award Scheme expired on 5
February 2023.
036   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Board of Directors and Senior Management




                   Ms. DU Juan                    Mr. YAN Xiaolin          Mr. HU Dien Chien
                   EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR               EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR       EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR




                Mr. WANG Cheng                        Mr. SUN Li                   Mr. LI Yuhao
                 NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR           NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR        NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   037

                                     Board of Directors and Senior Management




Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter                   Professor WANG Yijiang
   INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR          INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR




       Mr. LAU Siu Ki                           Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
038   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022




                                                                             Born in May 1970, the chairperson of
                                                                             the Board, an executive Director and the
                                                                             chairperson of the Strategy Committee.
                                                                             Ms. DU joined the Company in August
                                                              2021. Ms. DU is also a director and the CEO of TCL
                                                              Holdings. From July 1991 to May 1999, she worked
                                                              in the Huizhou branch of China Construction Bank
                                                              Corporation; in May 1999, she joined TCL Technology
                                                              (000100.SZ) and successively worked as the general
                                                              manager of the settlement centre of TCL Technology, the
                                                              general manager of TCL Finance, the president and the
                                                              chairperson of TCL Financial Services Holdings Group
                                                              (Guangzhou) Company Limited* (TCL金服控股集團(廣
                                                              州)有限公司). From July 2016 to February 2018, she
                                                              was a vice president of TCL Technology; from March
      Ms. DU Juan                                             2018 to August 2021, she was an executive director
      EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                                      and the COO of TCL Technology; from January 2019 to
                                                              August 2021, she also took up the role of the CFO of
                                                              TCL Technology; from August 2021 to December 2022,
                                                              she was a non-executive director of TCL Technology; from
                                                              October 2019 to October 2021, she was a non-executive
                                                              director of Bank of Shanghai Co., Ltd. (601229.SH). Ms.
                                                              DU graduated from the Department of Investments of
                                                              Zhongnan University of Economics and Law (bachelor’s
                                                              degree), and obtained an EMBA degree from Cheung
                                                              Kong Graduate School of Business.
                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022                039




                                             Born in November 1966, an executive Director
                                             and a member of the Strategy Committee.
                                             Mr. YAN joined the Company in 2001. He is
                                             currently the CTO and senior vice president of
                          TCL Technology, the president of TCL Research, a director and
                          CTO of CSOT, and the chairperson of Guangdong Juhua Printing
                          Display Technology Co., Ltd.* (廣東聚華印刷顯示技術有限公司).
                          From May 2001 to May 2004, he served as the senior engineer of
                          display system product research institute, director of panel display
                          technology research institute and deputy general manager of the
                          R&D Centre of the Group. From May 2004 to October 2005, he
                          was the CTO of Components Business Unit of TCL Technology
                          and the deputy principal and acting principal of TCL Research.
                          From October 2005 to present, he has been the president of TCL
                          Research. From March 2017 to May 2020, Mr. YAN was a director
Mr. YAN Xiaolin           of Amlogic (688099.SH). Mr. YAN is also an expert of the National
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR        Advisory Committee on New Materials Industry, the leader of new
                          display direction of “Key Project for New Materials Research and
                          Development and Application (2030)”, the leader of new display
                          direction of the National High-tech R&D Program (863 Program) of
                          the Ministry of Science and Technology of the PRC of the “12th
                          Five-Year Plan”, the leader of new display direction of “Key Project
                          on Strategic Advanced Electronic Materials” of the “13th Five-Year
                          Plan”, the leader of new display direction of the implementation
                          program of the “Key Project on New Display and Strategic Advanced
                          Electronic Materials” of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, chairperson of
                          TC 110 of International Electrotechnical Commission and the vice
                          chairperson, president (Asia) of Organic and Printed Electronics
                          Association and the fellow of the Society for Information Display
                          (SID). Mr. YAN graduated from the Institute of Plasma Physics of
                          Chinese Academy of Science with a Doctoral Degree in July 1999.
                          From July 1999 to May 2001, he was a postdoctoral fellow in the
                          Chinese Academy of Science. Mr. YAN is currently a professor-level
                          senior engineer. Mr. YAN was awarded the special allowance from
                          the State Council of the PRC, the National Middle-aged and Young
                          Expert with Outstanding Contributions in the National “Hundred,
                          Thousand and Ten Thousand Talent Project”, Outstanding Leader
                          for Technology and Innovation in Special Support for High-level
                          Talent Program by Organisation Department of the CPC Central
                          Committee, the leader of the Innovative Team in Key Sector of
                          Innovative Talent Promotion Program supported by the Ministry
                          of Science and Technology, Guangdong Province’s Guangdong
                          Hundred Talent, the Labour Model of Guangdong Province and
                          the Outstanding National Technological Leader of Shenzhen. In
                          addition, Mr. YAN completed a number of national projects as a
                          person-in-charge, formulated one set of international standard
                          and two sets of national standard of International Electrotechnical
                          Commission as a group leader, as well as applied for 59 patents
                          as the chief inventor, 33 of which were granted licenses, including
                          26 invention patents.
040   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022




                                                                              Born in March 1979, an executive Director,
                                                                              the CFO, a member of the Remuneration
                                                                              Committee, the Nomination Committee,
                                                              the Strategy Committee, a joint company secretary of
                                                              the Company and a director of various subsidiaries of
                                                              the Company. Mr. HU became an executive Director in
                                                              December 2020. He is also the CFO of TCL Holdings and
                                                              the chairperson of the board of directors of Guangdong
                                                              Homa (002668.SZ). From June 2014 to November 2016,
                                                              Mr. HU worked for Gogoro Inc., an electric vehicle company
                                                              in Taiwan, as CFO. He also served from June 2016 to
                                                              December 2016 as an independent director of Growww
                                                              Media Co., Ltd. (formerly known as United Advertising Co.,
      Mr. HU Dien Chien                                       Ltd.), a company previously listed on the Taiwan Stock
      EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                                      Exchange (the then stock code: 08497) from March 2018
                                                              to October 2020. Mr. HU held the positions as the CFO, the
                                                              head of strategic investment department and an executive
                                                              director with Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited (00551.
                                                              HK) from November 2016 to November 2020. In addition,
                                                              Mr. HU was an executive director of Eagle Nice (International)
                                                              Holdings Limited (02368.HK) from May 2019 to November
                                                              2020 and acting board secretary of Guangdong Homa
                                                              (002668.SZ) from April 2021 to September 2022. Mr. HU
                                                              also once held the following positions: an executive director
                                                              with Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., a business analyst with
                                                              Deutsche Asset Management and a research associate with
                                                              CLSA Limited (Taiwan branch). Mr. HU has won numerous
                                                              capital market related awards. In 2019, he was awarded
                                                              as one out of three “Best CFOs (Developed Market – Hong
                                                              Kong)” by Institutional Investor 2019 All-Asia Executive Team
                                                              Research, as well as one out of five “Best IR by CFO (Mid-
                                                              cap)” by Hong Kong Investor Relations Association. In 2020,
                                                              he was again awarded as one out of three “Best CFOs
                                                              (Developed Market - Consumer/Discretionary Sector)” by
                                                              Institutional Investor 2020 All-Asia Executive Team Research,
                                                              as well as one out of four “Best IR by CFO (Mid-cap)” by
                                                              Hong Kong Investor Relations Association. In 2022, he was
                                                              granted the award of “Best CFO” by the Golden Hong Kong
                                                              Listed Stock’s Annual Award Ceremony. The aforementioned
                                                              awards represent wide recognition from investment
                                                              communities for his professional capabilities. He holds a
                                                              Master of Business Administration Degree in Finance and
                                                              Accounting from Leonard N. Stern School of Business, New
                                                              York University, and a Bachelor of Business Administration
                                                              Degree in Finance from National Taiwan University.
                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022      041




                                             Born in November 1974, a non-executive
                                             Director. Mr. WANG is currently a director
                                             and the COO of TCL Technology, a
                             director of TCL Holdings, a director of Amlogic (688099.
                             SH) and a director of Guangdong Homa (002668.SZ). Mr.
                             WANG joined the Company in July 1997. During 1997
                             to 2006, he held various positions in human resources
                             department of the sales branch and Europe channel
                             customer department of strategic OEM business centre
                             of the Group. From 2006 to 2015, he successively
                             worked as general manager of TCL (Vietnam) Corporation
                             Limited (a then subsidiary of the Company), general
                             manager of overseas business centre and vice president
Mr. WANG Cheng               of the Company. From June 2015 to July 2016, Mr.
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR       WANG was assigned as human resources director and
                             general manager of human resource management centre
                             of TCL Technology. From August 2016 to November
                             2017, Mr. WANG was the general manager of supply
                             chain management centre and COO of the Company; from
                             January 2017 to August 2021, Mr. WANG was the CEO
                             of the Company; from September 2017 to August 2021,
                             Mr. WANG was an executive Director. From January 2019
                             to August 2021, Mr. WANG was the CEO of TCL Holdings.
                             Mr. WANG is also currently the chairperson of Huizhou
                             Electronic Information Industry Association and vice
                             chairperson of the First High-end Manufacturing Industry
                             Committee of China Association of Listed Companies.
                             Mr. WANG graduated from Heilongjiang Commercial
                             College in 1997 with a Bachelor’s Degree in Economics.
                             In 2005, he acquired an EMBA degree from University of
                             Texas at Arlingto. On 19 January 2023, the Guangdong
                             Regulatory Bureau of the China Securities Regulatory
                             Commission issued a warning to and imposed a fine on
                             TCL Home Appliance Group Co., Ltd* (TCL家電集團有限
                             公司, a company established under the laws of the PRC,
                             the Company did not and does not hold any interest in
                             the said company) and certain then directors thereof
                             including Mr. WANG (who resigned as a director thereof
                             on 17 February 2022), and demanded rectification by the
                             said company, as a result of the said company failing to
                             observe obligations of information disclosure and making
                             takeover offer, etc.. For further details, please refer to
                             the Company’s announcements dated 15 January 2023
                             and 20 January 2023.
042   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022




                                                                               Born in April 1977, a non-executive
                                                                               Director and the CTO of TCL
                                                                               Holdings. Mr. SUN became a non-
                                                              executive Director with effect from February 2020. He
                                                              graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong University with
                                                              a Master’s Degree in Engineering. With extensive
                                                              experience in the communications industry, Mr. SUN
                                                              has been deeply involved in AI for many years. Mr.
                                                              SUN worked at the mobile phone R&D department
                                                              of Alcatel from March 2001 to 2004. Since joining
                                                              TCL Communication in 2004, he had served as
                                                              R&D department manager, pre-research department
      Mr. SUN Li                                              manager, director of software at global R&D centre
      NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                                  and deputy general manager of global R&D centre
                                                              and established a team engaged in smart phone
                                                              software, a management system of global operators’
                                                              technological needs and a software platform for
                                                              global operators from 2004 to July 2017. From
                                                              August 2017 to June 2019, he was a vice president
                                                              of Thunder Software Technology Co., Ltd. (300496.
                                                              SZ). During this period, Mr. SUN established the
                                                              intelligent vision business group, focusing on camera
                                                              technology, computer vision algorithms and AI
                                                              algorithms which were applied to mobile phones, IoT,
                                                              automotive and industrial fields, and opened up new
                                                              businesses for industrial visual detection based on
                                                              deep learning.
                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    043




                                        Born in November 1981, a non-executive
                                        Director. Mr. LI became a non-executive
                                        Director in August 2018 and is currently
                         also the CEO of Maxrock. Robot AI Technology (Beijing) Co.,
                         Limited* (麥岩智能科技(北京)有限公司). Mr. LI served as an
                         engineer and the chief business manager in BOE Technology
                         Group Co., Ltd. (000725.SZ & 200725.SZ) from July 2004
                         to September 2008. From January 2010 to December 2010,
                         he worked as an investment manager of AXA. From January
                         2011 to August 2013, he was employed as an investment
                         leader of the Beijing office of Infinity Investment Group.
                         From August 2013 to September 2017, he was the chief
Mr. LI Yuhao             investment officer and the head of Internet investment
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR   department in Legend Holdings Limited (03396.HK). From
                         October 2017 to December 2018, Mr. LI was a director
                         and senior vice president of Leshi Internet Information &
                         Technology Corp., Beijing (whose shares were listed on
                         the Shenzhen stock exchange from August 2010 to July
                         2020, the then stock code 300104.SZ). From December
                         2018 to May 2021, Mr. LI served as the vice president of
                         Sunac Culture Group and general manager of content and
                         investment centre in Sunac China Holdings Limited (01918.
                         HK). Mr. LI graduated from Peking University with a Master’s
                         Degree in Business Administration.
044   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022




                                                                             Born in September 1948, an independent
                                                                             non-executive Director, the chairperson
                                                                             of the Remuneration Committee, and
                                                              a member of the Audit Committee and the Nomination
                                                              Committee. Dr. TSENG became an independent non-
                                                              executive Director in July 2011. He also served as an
                                                              independent director of TCL Technology from June 2008
                                                              to June 2011. Dr. TSENG is currently a senior consultant
                                                              of the Shenzhen Municipal Government, senior consultant
                                                              of Tianjin Economic Technological Development Area
                                                              and the executive chairperson of Nankai International
                                                              Business Forum. Dr. TSENG also serves as adjunct
                                                              professor at a number of renowned universities over
      Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang                                  the globe including the University of Alberta (Canada),
      Carter                                                  the City University of Hong Kong, the Nankai University
      INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE                               in Tianjin, the Sichuan University and the University of
      DIRECTOR                                                Electronic Science and Technology of China in Chengdu.
                                                              Dr. TSENG is also a member of the US-based “Committee
                                                              of 100”. Dr. TSENG holds a Bachelor’s Degree of
                                                              Science in Electrical Engineering from the National
                                                              Taiwan University, he then pursued further studies
                                                              at the University of California where he obtained his
                                                              Master’s and Doctor’s Degrees in Computer Science and
                                                              Electronics Engineering. Dr. TSENG has over 40 years of
                                                              experience in the high-tech industry. While in the U.S.,
                                                              Dr. TSENG worked at PARC (XEROX Research Center) in
                                                              Silicon Valley and various U.S.-based companies including
                                                              Lockheed Aircraft Co. and NRL. Dr. TSENG then returned
                                                              to Taiwan in 1980, and was a co-founder of MICROTEK
                                                              which was listed in 1988 – the then world class leader
                                                              in the image scanner industry, one of the first and most
                                                              successful listed high-tech companies based in Taiwan
                                                              Hsinchu Science Park. Dr. TSENG has also drawn on
                                                              his rich experience to coach and mentor executives and
                                                              managers in the high-tech arena. In 1998, Dr. TSENG set
                                                              up the “Little Dragon Foundation” with a mission to guide
                                                              entrepreneurs of tomorrow, which has served many large
                                                              corporations in the PRC. Dr. TSENG also serves as an
                                                              overseas director of Canada National Institute of Nano-
                                                              Technology and a director of China National Academy of
                                                              Nano Technology & Engineering.
                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022                      045




                                                 Born in May 1953, an independent non-
                                                 executive Director, the chairperson
                                                 of the Nomination Committee, and a
                             member of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration
                             Committee. Professor WANG became an independent
                             non-executive Director in February 2016. He is currently
                             the Professor of Economics and Human Resource
                             Management and an Academic Associate Dean at
                             Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business and a
                             senior researcher at the National Center of Economic
                             Research, Tsinghua University. He is currently also a
                             director of Zhejiang Red Dragonfly Footwear Co., Ltd.
                             (603116.SH); an independent non-executive director
Professor WANG Yijiang       of China VAST Industrial Urban Development Company
INDEPENDENT                  L i m i t e d (06166. H K ) , a n i n d e p e n d e n t d i r e c t o r o f
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR       Shenzhen Overseas Chinese Town Co., Ltd. (000069.
                             SZ) and an independent director of Bank of Sanxiang.
                             He served as a consultant of World Bank, a senior
                             researcher of Chinese Economy Research Institute in
                             Business Management School of Tsinghua University
                             and vice president of the Chinese Economists Society.
                             He was also a professor emeritus of Human Resource
                             Management at the Carlson School of Management of
                             University of Minnesota and a research fellow at the
                             William Davidson Institute of Transition Economics of
                             the University of Michigan. He was an independent
                             director of Shenzhen ZQ Game Co., Ltd. (300052.SZ)
                             from March 2014 to May 2020; and an independent
                             non-executive director of Zhuhai Holdings Investment
                             Group Limited (the withdrawal of listing of its shares
                             from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange took effect in
                             June 2021, then stock code: 00908.HK) from August
                             2015 to June 2021. His research areas cover human
                             resource management, labour and personnel economics,
                             comparative international management systems,
                             economics of transition and emerging markets and
                             economics of organisation, and his research findings
                             have been frequently quoted. Professor WANG graduated
                             from the Peking University with a Bachelor’s Degree
                             in Economics and a Master’s Degree in International
                             Economics in 1982 and 1985 respectively. He then
                             pursued further studies and obtained a Master’s Degree
                             and a Doctor of Philosophy Degree in Economics at the
                             Harvard University in 1989 and 1991 respectively.
046   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022




                                                                             Born in July 1958, an independent non-
                                                                             executive Director, the chairperson of the
                                                                             Audit Committee, and a member of the
                                                              Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee.
                                                              Mr. LAU became an independent non-executive Director
                                                              in November 2017. He graduated from The Hong Kong
                                                              Polytechnic University in 1981. He is currently a financial
                                                              advisory consultant of his management consultancy firm,
                                                              Hin Yan Consultants Limited. Previously, Mr. LAU worked
                                                              at Ernst & Young for over 15 years. He has over 35
                                                              years of experience in corporate governance, corporate
                                                              financing, financial advisory and management, accounting
                                                              and audit. Mr. LAU is currently a fellow member of both
      Mr. LAU Siu Ki                                          of ACCA and HKICPA. Mr. LAU was a member of the
      INDEPENDENT                                             World Council of ACCA from 2002 to 2011 and was the
      NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                                  chairperson of ACCA Hong Kong in 2000/2001. During
                                                              these years, he has helped raising the profile of ACCA.
                                                              Currently, Mr. LAU also serves as an independent non-
                                                              executive director of Binhai Investment Company Limited
                                                              (02886.HK), Comba Telecom Systems Holdings Limited
                                                              (02342.HK), IVD Medical Holdings Limited (01931.HK),
                                                              Embry Holdings Limited (01388.HK), Samson Holding
                                                              Ltd. (00531.HK) and FIH Mobile Limited (02038.HK).
                                                              He is also the company secretary of Hung Fook Tong
                                                              Group Holdings Limited (01446.HK), Yeebo (International
                                                              Holdings) Limited (00259.HK) and Expert Systems
                                                              Holdings Limited (08319.HK). In 2021, the Market
                                                              Misconduct Tribunal fined and made orders against China
                                                              Medical & HealthCare Group Limited (a company whose
                                                              shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with
                                                              stock code: 00383.HK and which was formerly known
                                                              as COL Capital Limited) and six then directors thereof
                                                              including Mr. LAU (who served as an independent non-
                                                              executive director between June 2004 to December
                                                              2018) for breach of the requirements of the corporate
                                                              disclosure regime by the said company. For further
                                                              details, please refer to the Company’s announcements
                                                              dated 5 November 2019 and 13 May 2021.
                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    047




                                              Born in August 1978, the CEO of the
                                              Company. Mr. ZHANG is also currently
                                              a vice president, a member of the
                              executive committee and the general manager of the
                              China Business Group of TCL Holdings and a director in
                              various subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. ZHANG joined
                              the Company after he graduated from Northwestern
                              Polytechnical University in 2000. Starting from entry
                              level, he successively worked as the manager, senior
                              manager, vice president and general manager of various
                              branches, business units and departments of the
                              Company. During his tenure, he proposed the strategy
                              of “brand upgrade campaign” and made valuable
Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong            contribution to increase market share of the Group
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER       in the PRC market. He also introduced a series of
                              smart household appliance products and laid down the
                              foundation of TCL smart home ecosystem and IoT. Mr.
                              ZHANG holds a bachelor’s degree from Northwestern
                              Polytechnical University and an EMBA degree from
                              Renmin University of China. Currently, Mr. ZHANG has
                              also taken up a number of public positions such as the
                              deputy chairperson of the EMBA alumni association of
                              Renmin University of China, vice chairperson of China
                              Video Industry Association and vice chairperson of China
                              Household Electrical Appliances Association.
048   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      INTRODUCTION
      The Board aims to achieve a high standard of corporate governance and business ethics in pursuing the
      mission of the Group of “building a sustainable and connected future with advanced technology”. The Group’s
      ultimate goal is to maximise values for its Shareholders and customers, and to provide opportunities for its
      employees. The Group holds on to change, innovation, accountability and excellence as its core values.


      The Board is committed to enhancing the Group’s corporate governance standards by improving corporate
      transparency through effective channels of information disclosure. The Board believes that good corporate
      governance is beneficial for maintaining close and trustful relationships with its employees, business
      partners, Shareholders and investors.


      Accordingly, the Company has adopted a corporate governance code prepared based on the Code Provisions
      of the CG Code as the guidelines for corporate governance of the Company, as amended, revised and updated
      from time to time to reflect the latest changes in the Code Provisions, and the Company has taken steps to
      comply with and apply the Code Provisions and principles of good corporate governance under the CG Code
      wherever appropriate.


      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
      Throughout the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company has complied with the Code Provisions of the
      CG Code, except for the deviation from the Code Provision C.3.3 of the CG Code during the period from 1
      January 2022 to 21 December 2022, the details of which are set out below.


      Under Code Provision C.3.3 of the CG Code, all directors should clearly understand delegation arrangements
      in place, and the Company should have formal letters of appointment for directors setting out the key terms
      and conditions of their appointment.


      The Company has no formal letters of appointment for Mr. Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior, being a then non-
      executive Director, and Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF, being a then independent non-executive Director,
      who have retired as a non-executive Director and an independent non-executive Director, respectively, with
      effect from 17 June 2022. From 1 January 2022 to 21 December 2022, the Company had no formal letter
      of appointment for Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter, being an independent non-executive Director. As the
      abovementioned three Directors have been serving as Directors for a considerable period of time, and as such
      a clear understanding of the terms and conditions of their appointment already exists between the Company
      and them, there has been no written record of the same until the retirement of Mr. Albert Thomas DA ROSA,
      Junior and Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF and until 21 December 2022 for Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter.
      In any event, all Directors, including those without a letter of appointment and those appointed for a specific
      term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation in the manner prescribed under the Articles, and on re-election
      of the retiring Directors, Shareholders are given information that is reasonably necessary for them to make an
      informed decision on the reappointment of the relevant Directors.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   049

                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




Nevertheless, in order to promote better corporate governance, on 22 December 2022, the Company entered
into a letter of appointment with Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter to set out the key terms and conditions of
his appointment.


For the period from 22 December 2022 up to the date of publication of this annual report, the Company has
fully complied with the Code Provisions under the CG Code.


COMPLIANCE WITH DEED OF NON-COMPETITION
The Company has received a written confirmation from TCL Holdings and T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) confirming
that for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 (both dates inclusive), they had fully complied
with the Deed of Non-Competition (2020) executed by them in favour of the Company dated 29 June 2020.


The Company has received a written confirmation from TCL Technology confirming that for the period from 1
January 2022 to 31 December 2022 (both dates inclusive), it had fully complied with the Deed of Termination
(2020) executed by and among TCL Technology, T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) and the Company dated 29 June
2020.


The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the relevant confirmations on Deed of Non-Competition
(2020) and Deed of Termination (2020), and all of them are satisfied that the non-competition undertakings
under the Deed of Non-Competition (2020) and the Deed of Termination (2020) have been complied with
during the year ended 31 December 2022.


DIRECTORS
The Board
The Board, led by the chairperson, steers the Company’s business direction. It is responsible for formulating
the Company’s long-term strategies, setting business development goals, establishing and shaping the
corporate culture, assessing results of management policies, monitoring the management’s performance and
ensuring effective implementation of risk management measures on a regular basis. The Board is accountable
to the Shareholders for the long-term development and success of the Company.


The Directors meet regularly to review the Group’s financial and operational performance and to discuss and
formulate future development plans. Regular Board meetings are attended by a majority of the Directors in
person or through electronic means of communication.
050   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      Board Composition
      There are currently 9 Directors, all being industry veterans, responsible to the Shareholders for formulating
      the overall business development targets and long-term company strategies, assessing results of management
      policies and monitoring performance of the management. The Board comprises the following Directors during
      the year ended 31 December 2022 and as at the date of this annual report:


      Executive Directors
      Ms. DU Juan (Chairperson)
      Mr. YAN Xiaolin
      Mr. HU Dien Chien (CFO and joint company secretary)


      Non-executive Directors
      Mr. WANG Cheng
      Mr. SUN Li
      Mr. LI Yuhao
      Mr. Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior (retired as a non-executive Director with effect from 17 June 2022)


      Independent Non-executive Directors
      Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter
      Professor WANG Yijiang
      Mr. LAU Siu Ki
      Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF (retired as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 17 June 2022)


      An updated list of the Company’s Directors by category identifying their roles and functions is at all times
      available on the websites of the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The list specifies whether the
      Director is an independent non-executive Director and sets out the respective roles and functions of each
      Director.


      The Company identifies the independent non-executive Directors in all corporate communications which
      disclose the names of Directors.


      Details of the biographies of the Directors are given under the section “Board of Directors and Senior
      Management” of this annual report at pages 36 to 47.


      There are no relationships (including financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationships)
      among members of the Board and between the chairperson of the Board and the chief executive.
                                                                TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    051

                                                                           Corporate Governance Report




The non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) play important roles on the Board.
Accounting for more than half of the Board members, they are experienced professionals in their respective
fields. They are responsible for ensuring that the Board maintains high standards of financial and other
mandatory reporting as well as providing adequate checks and balances for safeguarding the interest of
Shareholders and the Group as a whole.


Throughout the year of 2022, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to
the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors and the number of independent non-
executive Directors made up at least one-third of the total number of members of the Board. At least one of
the independent non-executive Directors has appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related
financial management expertise as required under the Listing Rules.


Number of meetings attended/eligible to attend in 2022
During the year of 2022, the Board held four regular meetings at about quarterly intervals. As regards general
meetings, the Company held the 2022 AGM on 17 June 2022 and the EGM on 29 September 2022 and
15 December 2022 during the year of 2022 to consider the matters regarding, inter alia, (i) the seeking of
scheme mandate to issue shares under the Award Scheme; (ii) the entering into of the Master Finance Lease
(2022-2024) Agreement and the Master Photovoltaic Power Construction Services (2022-2024) Agreement;
and (iii) the proposed amendments to the Memorandum and Articles, respectively. A table summary in regard
to the Directors’ participation at various Board meetings, Board Committee meetings and the Company’s
general meetings is set out below:


                                          Regular       Audit     Remuneration    Nomination     Strategy
                                            Board   Committee       Committee     Committee    Committee       General
                                         Meetings    Meetings         Meetings     Meetings     Meetings      Meetings
                                                                                                 (Note 3)
Executive Directors
DU Juan                                      4/4         N/A              N/A           N/A       10/10           1/3
YAN Xiaolin                                  0/4         N/A              N/A           N/A         9/10          0/3
HU Dien Chien                                4/4         N/A              2/2           1/1       10/10           3/3


Non-executive Directors
WANG Cheng                                   4/4         N/A              N/A           N/A          N/A          2/3
SUN Li                                       4/4         N/A              N/A           N/A          N/A          3/3
LI Yuhao                                     4/4         N/A              N/A           N/A          N/A          3/3
Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior (Note 1)       2/2         N/A              N/A           N/A          N/A          1/1


Independent Non-executive Directors
TSENG Shieng-chang Carter                    4/4         3/3              2/2           1/1          N/A          3/3
WANG Yijiang                                 4/4         3/3              2/2           1/1          N/A          2/3
LAU Siu Ki                                   3/4         3/3              2/2           1/1          N/A          3/3
Robert Maarten WESTERHOF (Note 2)            2/2         N/A              N/A           N/A          N/A          1/1
052   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      Notes:


      1.       Mr. Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior retired as a non-executive Director with effect from 17 June 2022.


      2.       Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF retired as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 17 June 2022.


      3.       The Strategy Committee was established on 22 September 2017. During the year ended 31 December 2022 and
               up to the date of this annual report, it comprises Ms. DU Juan as the chairperson, Mr. YAN Xiaolin and Mr. HU Dien
               Chien as the members.


      Notices of regular Board meetings are served to all Directors at least 14 days before the meeting.


      Agenda and Board papers together with all appropriate, complete and reliable information are sent to all
      Directors in a timely manner, and at least three days before the intended date of each Board or Board
      Committee meeting, except agreed otherwise among the members, to ensure that they have sufficient time to
      review the Board papers, be adequately prepared for the meeting, keep the Directors apprised of the latest
      developments and financial position of the Company and to enable them to include any matter in the agenda
      and to make informed decisions.


      The Company has in place effective mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the
      Board. The Board has conducted an annual review on such mechanisms in 2022 and is of the view that the
      mechanisms have been properly implemented and are effective. In particular, the Company plans Board and
      Board committees meeting schedules well in advance and provides remote facilities for attendance, so as to
      facilitate active attendance and participation in the meetings. Board members, especially independent non-
      executive Directors, are welcome and are encouraged to raise enquiries, suggestions and views during the
      meetings. The Board process as stated above, including agenda setting and provision of meeting information,
      facilitates effective and active participation by all Directors. The Board and each Director, upon reasonable
      request, have access to independent professional advice to assist them in performing their duties to the
      Company, at the Company’s expense.


      Minutes of all Board, Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee and Strategy
      Committee meetings are kept by the joint company secretaries of the Company. All of the above minutes
      record the matters considered and the discussions and decisions reached by the relevant Directors or
      Board Committee members in sufficient detail, including any concern raised by Directors or dissenting views
      expressed. Any Director may inspect the minutes at any reasonable time on reasonable notice.


      Draft minutes are normally circulated to Directors or members of the relevant committee for comment within
      reasonable time after each meeting and the final version is sent to all Directors or Board Committee members
      for their record.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     053

                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




According to the current Board practice, any transaction, which involves a conflict of interests between a
substantial Shareholder or a Director and the Company, will be considered and dealt with by the Board at
a duly convened Board meeting with the presence of the independent non-executive Directors who have no
material interest in the said transaction. Directors abstain from voting and are not counted in the quorum
at meetings for approving transactions in which such Directors or any of their associates have a material
interest.


The Company has maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of legal action against its Directors and
officers arising out of corporate activities.


Chairperson and CEO
The Company fully supports the division of responsibility between the chairperson of the Board and the CEO
(being the chief executive of the Company) to ensure a balance of power and authority, and adopted a set of
consolidated memorandum of duties setting out its division of responsibilities between the chairperson and
the CEO on 24 February 2012.


During the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, the position of the
chairperson of the Board is held by Ms. DU Juan and the position of CEO is held by Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong.


The core duties of the chairperson of the Board include:


•      ensuring, with the assistance of the management, that the Directors receive adequate, accurate, clear,
       complete and reliable information in a timely manner and appropriate briefing on issues arising at
       Board meetings;


•      providing leadership for the Board;


•      ensuring that the Board works effectively, performs its responsibilities, discusses all key and
       appropriate issues in a timely manner, with good corporate governance practices and procedures;


•      ensuring that the agenda for each Board meeting is drawn up and approving the same, taking into
       account matters proposed by other Directors;


•      encouraging all Directors to fully and actively contribute to the Board’s affairs, express different views
       and discuss issues in sufficient depth before reaching any consensus in Board decisions;


•      facilitating the effective contribution of Directors, in particular, non-executive Directors, and promoting
       the constructive relations between executive and non-executive Directors;
054   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      •     meeting at least annually with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other
            Directors. The Board regards such meeting as opinion exchange gathering whereby a broad range of
            strategic and performance matters are openly discussed; and


      •     ensuring the effective communication between the Board and the Shareholders as a whole through
            different channels, including (i) printed or electronic copies (as elected by Shareholders) of corporate
            communications required by the Listing Rules; (ii) the AGM which provides a forum for Shareholders to
            raise comments and exchange views with the Board; and (iii) the Company’s website which allows the
            Shareholders to acquire the updated and key information on the Group and to provide feedback for the
            Company.


      Appointment, re-election and removal of members of the Board
      Under article 116 of the Articles, at each AGM, not less than one-third of the Directors for the time being
      shall retire from office by rotation and every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be
      subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years while those retiring Directors shall be eligible
      for re-election. Any director who has not been subject to retirement by rotation in the three years preceding
      the AGM shall retire by rotation at such AGM.


      Accordingly, at the 2022 AGM, Mr. Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior, Mr. SUN Li, Mr. Robert Maarten
      WESTERHOF and Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter retired from office by rotation pursuant to article 116 of the
      Articles, and Mr. SUN Li and Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter were re-elected as Directors thereat, whilst Mr.
      Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior and Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF did not offer themselves for re-election
      to focus on their other personal commitments which required more of their dedication and time commitment.


      Independent Non-executive Directors
      Pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, the Company has received a written confirmation from each
      independent non-executive Director of his independence to the Company. The Company has assessed the
      independence and considers all of the independent non-executive Directors to be independent based on the
      independence criteria in accordance with the requirements in Listing Rules, their non-involvement in the daily
      operation and management of the Group and the absence of any relationships which will interfere with the
      exercise of their independent judgement.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   055

                                                                    Corporate Governance Report




Non-executive Directors
All non-executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors), including those appointed for a
specific term, are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at AGM of the Company in accordance with
the Articles and the Listing Rules. A summary of rotation and re-election of non-executive Directors is set out
in the table below:


                                                         Date of last election or
 Name of Directors            Position                   rotation and re-election   Term of appointment


 WANG Cheng                   Non-executive Director     EGM held on                Until conclusion of the
                                                           10 December 2021           AGM in 2024


 SUN Li                       Non-executive Director     AGM held on                No specific term, subject
                                                           17 June 2022               to retirement by
                                                                                      rotation and re-election


 LI Yuhao                     Non-executive Director     AGM held on                Until conclusion of the
                                                           21 May 2021                AGM in 2024


 TSENG Shieng-chang           Independent non-           AGM held on                No specific term, subject
   Carter                       executive Director         17 June 2022               to retirement by
                                                                                      rotation and re-election


 WANG Yijiang                 Independent non-           AGM held on                Until conclusion of the
                                executive Director         2 June 2020                AGM in 2023


 LAU Siu Ki                   Independent non-           AGM held on                Until conclusion of the
                                executive Director         21 May 2021                AGM in 2024


Nomination of Directors
The Board has established the Nomination Committee to provide a framework and set the standards for the
appointment of high quality directors who should have the capacity and ability to lead the Company towards
achieving sustainable development. It considers matters regarding the nomination and/or appointment or re-
appointment of Director(s).


Details of the Nomination Committee are set out in the sub-section headed "Nomination Committee" below.
056   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      Responsibilities of Directors
      The CFO of the Company (who is currently also a joint company secretary of the Company), with assistance
      from the Company’s external legal advisor (who is currently also the other joint company secretary of the
      Company), works closely with the newly appointed Directors both immediately before and after his/her
      appointment to acquaint the newly appointed Directors with the duties and responsibilities as a Director and
      the business operation of the Company.


      A package compiled and reviewed by the Company’s legal advisor setting out such duties and responsibilities
      under the Listing Rules, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and other related laws and relevant regulatory
      requirements of Hong Kong is provided to each newly appointed Director. The package also includes
      information relating to the operations and business of the Group. The Directors are updated with the latest
      developments in laws, rules and regulations relating to the duties and responsibilities of Directors from time
      to time. Guidelines for Directors issued by the Companies Registry of Hong Kong have been forwarded to each
      Director for his/her information and ready reference.


      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Board is of the view that the non-executive Directors are
      well aware of their functions and have been actively performing their functions including but not limited to
      exercising their independent judgement at the Board meetings, taking the lead where potential conflicts of
      interest arise, scrutinising the Company’s performance and providing constructive and informed advice on the
      business strategy, policy, performance and management of the Company. They regularly review the financial
      information, monitor the operational performance of the Company and serve on the Audit Committee, the
      Remuneration Committee and/or the Nomination Committee.


      The Directors have disclosed to the Company at the time of their appointment, and in a timely manner for
      any change, the number and nature of offices held in public companies or organisations and other significant
      commitments. They have also informed the Company of the identity of other public companies or organisations
      they serve and the time involved in these public companies or organisations.


      During the year ended 31 December 2022, all Directors have devoted their time and attention to the affairs
      of the Company with their hands-on knowledge and expertise in the areas and operation in which they are
      charged with. The contribution made by the Directors to the affairs of the Company is measured in terms
      of time as well as quality of the attention and the ability of the Directors with reference to their necessary
      knowledge and expertise. The satisfactory attendance at Board meetings, general meetings and Board
      Committee meetings indicates the constant participation of all Directors, including executive, non-executive
      and independent non-executive Directors and ensures the better understanding of the views of Shareholders
      by all Directors. The extent of participation and contribution should be viewed both quantitatively and
      qualitatively.


      To fulfil their duties properly, where they consider it necessary to obtain additional information other than that
      provided by the management, the Directors make inquiries during the Board meetings and Board Committee
      meetings. The queries raised by Directors have received prompt and full responses.
                                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   057

                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




Induction and Continuous Professional Development
The Directors are continually updated with legal and regulatory developments, and the business and market
changes to facilitate the discharge of their responsibilities through various Board meetings, resolutions,
memos and Board papers. According to the records maintained by the Company, the Directors received the
following training with an emphasis on the roles, functions and duties of a director of a listed company in
compliance with the requirement of the CG Code on continuous professional development during the period
from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022:


 Directors                                                             Read materials       Attend seminars/briefings


 Executive Directors
 Ms. DU Juan (Chairperson)                                                            ✔                             ✔
 Mr. YAN Xiaolin                                                                      ✔                             ✔
 Mr. HU Dien Chien (CFO and joint company secretary)                                  ✔                             ✔


 Non-executive Directors
 Mr. WANG Cheng                                                                       ✔                             ✔
 Mr. SUN Li                                                                           ✔                             ✔
 Mr. LI Yuhao                                                                         ✔                             ✔
 Mr. Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior (Note 1)                                           ✔                             ✔


 Independent Non-executive Directors
 Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter                                                        ✔                             ✔
 Professor WANG Yijiang                                                               ✔                             ✔
 Mr. LAU Siu Ki                                                                       ✔                             ✔
 Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF (Note 2)                                                ✔                             ✔

Notes:


1.       Mr. Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior retired as a non-executive Director with effect from 17 June 2022.


2.       Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF retired as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 17 June 2022.
058   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      Securities Transactions Guidelines
      The Board has adopted a code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions on terms no less
      exacting than the required standard as set out in the Model Code under Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules.


      Specific enquiries have been made with all Directors, and all of them confirmed that they have complied with
      the required standard set out in the Model Code and the Company’s code of conduct regarding Directors’
      securities transactions during the year ended 31 December 2022.


      The Directors’ and chief executive’s interests in Shares within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO as at 31
      December 2022 are set out on pages 99 to 100 of this annual report.


      The Board has also established written guidelines on no less exacting terms than the Model Code for the
      relevant employees, including any employee or a director or employee of a subsidiary or holding company who,
      because of his/her office or employment, is likely to be in possession of inside information in relation to the
      Company or its securities, in respect of their dealings in the Company’s securities.


      DELEGATION BY THE BOARD
      Management Functions
      The Board delegates its powers and authorities from time to time to the Board Committees and the
      management in order to ensure the operational efficiency and specific issues are being handled by personnel
      with the relevant expertise. All Board Committees are provided with accurate and sufficient information in
      a timely manner so as to enable the Board Committees to make informed decisions for the benefit of the
      Company and sufficient resources for the Board Committees to discharge their duties. The management team
      of the Company is accountable to the Board for the operations and businesses of the Group. During the year
      ended 31 December 2022, the Board Committees and the management team of the Company have performed
      the duties delegated to them as set out further below.


      On 24 February 2012, the Board has adopted a set of consolidated memorandum of duties setting out its
      delegation policy. The segregation of duties and responsibilities between the Board and the management has
      been clearly defined and provided as internal guidelines of the Company.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   059

                                                                    Corporate Governance Report




The types of decisions which are to be taken by the Board include those relating to:


•     corporate and capital structure;


•     corporate strategy;


•     significant policies affecting the Company as a whole and material changes thereof;


•     business plan, budgets and any subsequent material changes, public announcements and matters
      referred to the Board by Board Committees;


•     key financial matters;


•     appointment, removal or reappointment of Board members, senior management and auditor;


•     remuneration of Directors and senior management; and


•     communication with key stakeholders, including Shareholders and regulatory bodies.


The types of decisions that the Board has delegated to the management include:


•     approving the extension of the Group’s activities not in a material manner into a new geographic
      location or a new business;


•     approving assessing and monitoring the performance of all business units and ensuring that all
      necessary corrective actions have been taken;


•     approving expenses up to a certain limit;


•     approving the nomination and appointment of personnel other than the member of the Board, senior
      management and auditor;


•     approving press release concerning matters decided by the Board;


•     approving any matters related to routine matters or day-to-day operation of the Group (including the
      entering into of any transaction not requiring disclosure under the Listing Rules and cessation of non-
      material part of the Group’s business); and


•     carrying out any other duties as the Board may delegate from time to time.
060   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      Operation
      To facilitate the strategic development of the Company, enhance its operation efficiency and core
      competitiveness and improve its management and decision-making procedures, the Board transformed the
      predecessor executive committee into the Strategy Executive Committee on 23 October 2014 with specific
      written terms of reference. The Strategy Executive Committee comprised three then executive Directors,
      namely Mr. BO Lianming (chairperson), Mr. YAN Xiaolin and Ms. XU Fang.


      In order to facilitate the strategic development of the Company and enhance its operation decision-making
      efficiency, the Board resolved on 22 September 2017 to dissolve the Strategy Executive Committee and to
      establish the Strategy Committee in place of it. After the dissolution of the Strategy Executive Committee, the
      Strategy Executive Committee no longer remained in force. The purpose of the Strategy Committee is to lead
      the development of the Group in relation to research and exploration of new directions and modes of business
      for approval of the Board and for implementation of the same, and improvement of operation decision-making
      efficiency. Currently, the Strategy Committee comprises Ms. DU Juan (chairperson), Mr. YAN Xiaolin and Mr.
      HU Dien Chien, all being executive Directors. The Strategy Committee is delegated by the Board to approve
      and implement matters including but not limited to transactions not requiring disclosures under the Listing
      Rules, business development plans proposed by the management and assessing performance of business
      units of the Group.


      Board Committees
      Throughout 2022, the Board had four Board Committees, namely the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
      Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee, all with specific written terms of
      reference, to oversee particular aspects of the Group’s affairs.


      Attendance of the relevant members of the Board Committees at the meetings of the Board Committees in
      2022 is set out on page 51 of this annual report.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   061

                                                                     Corporate Governance Report




Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee currently comprises four members, namely Mr. HU Dien Chien, being an
executive Director and Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter, Professor WANG Yijiang, and Mr. LAU Siu Ki, all being
independent non-executive Directors. Professor WANG Yijiang is the chairperson of the Nomination Committee.
The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the year of 2022.


The Nomination Committee is governed by its terms of reference, which are closely aligned with the relevant
Code Provisions requirements and are available at both the Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com)
and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkex.com.hk).


The main duties of the Nomination Committee include the following:


•     review and supervise the performance, structure, size, diversity and composition of the Board;


•     identify qualified individuals to become members of the Board;


•     assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;


•     make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and succession planning of
      Directors, in particular the chairperson of the Board and chief executive(s), and any proposed change
      to the Board to implement the Company’s corporate strategy;


•     consider Board succession planning and conduct periodical reviews of the plan;


•     review the Board Diversity Policy;


•     monitor and review the Nomination Policy to ensure that it remains relevant to the Company’s needs
      and reflects both current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice; and


•     review the sufficiency of time commitment of Directors to perform their responsibilities.
062   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      The work performed by the Nomination Committee during 2022 included:


      •     considering the nomination of Mr. YAN Xiaolin, Mr. HU Dien Chien and Professor WANG Yijiang to be re-
            elected as Directors at the AGM in 2023 in accordance with the Nomination Policy and Board Diversity
            Policy;


      •     reviewing the Nomination Policy and Board Diversity Policy;


      •     reviewing the current Board structure, diversity, size and composition;


      •     assessing the independence of all independent non-executive Directors; and


      •     reviewing the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities and whether he/
            she has spent sufficient time performing them.


      The Nomination Committee performed all these main duties in 2022.


      Nomination Policy
      The Company has adopted the Nomination Policy on 20 December 2018 (with effect from 1 January 2019),
      which sets out the Company’s policy in relation to nomination of Directors that the Company has been
      following. The terms of the Company’s Nomination Policy are set out as follows:


      OBJECTIVE
      1.    The Nomination Policy aims to list the principles and procedures for selection and nomination of the
            Board, to ensure the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate
            to the requirements of the Company’s business.


      2.    The Nomination Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for it to consider and
            make recommendations to Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings, or to appoint as
            Directors to fill casual vacancies.


      3.    The Nomination Committee may, as it considers appropriate, nominate a number of candidates more
            than the number of Directors to be appointed or re-elected at a general meeting, or the number of
            casual vacancies to be filled.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    063

                                                                    Corporate Governance Report




SELECTION CRITERIA
4.   The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing the
     suitability of a proposed candidate.


     Common Criteria for All Directors
     4.1.   Reputation, character and integrity


     4.2.   Commitment in respect of available time


     4.3.   The willingness to assume fiduciary responsibility


     4.4.   Present needs of the Board for particular experience or expertise and whether the candidate
            would satisfy those needs


     4.5.   Relevant experience, including experience at the strategy/policy setting level, high level
            managerial experience in a complex organisation, industry experience and familiarity with the
            products and processes used by the Company


     4.6.   Significant business or public experience relevant and beneficial to the Board and the Company


     4.7.   Breadth of knowledge about issues affecting the Company


     4.8.   Ability to objectively analyse complex business problems and exercise sound business judgement


     4.9.   Ability and willingness to contribute special competencies to Board matters


     4.10. Fit with the Company’s culture


     4.11. Diversity in all its aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural
            and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of
            service


     Criteria Applicable to Non-executive Directors/Independent Non-executive Directors
     4.12. Willingness and ability to make a sufficient time commitment to the affairs of the Company
            in order to effectively perform the duties of a Director (including attendance at and active
            participation in Board and committee meetings), and considering other responsibilities of the
            relevant candidate (such as other directorships held in public companies the securities of which
            are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas and other major appointments, if
            any) and the effort and time that may be required by the candidate in fulfilling such role
064   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




            4.13. Accomplishments of the candidate in his/her field


            4.14. Outstanding professional and personal reputation


            4.15. The candidate’s ability to meet the independence criteria for directors established in the Listing
                   Rules


      5.    These factors are for reference only, and are not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination
            Committee has the discretion to nominate any person as it considers appropriate.


      6.    Retiring directors, save for those who have served as independent non-executive Directors for a period
            of nine consecutive years or more, are eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-election at a
            general meeting. Any independent non-executive Director who has served such role for a period of nine
            consecutive years or more are, subject to the Nomination Committee having satisfied that he/she still
            maintains his/her independence and that his/her continuation to serve in such role is in the interest
            of the Company and its shareholders as a whole, eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-
            election at a general meeting.


      7.    Proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information in a prescribed form,
            together with their written consent to be appointed as such directorship of the Company and to the
            public disclosure of their personal data on any documents or the relevant websites for the purpose of
            or in relation to their standing for election as such directorship.


      8.    The Nomination Committee may request candidates to provide additional information and documents, if
            considered necessary.


      NOMINATION PROCEDURES
      9.    The Board Affairs team of the Company shall be responsible to liaise with the company secretary to call
            a meeting of the Nomination Committee, and invite nominations of candidates from Board members,
            if any, for consideration by the Nomination Committee prior to its meeting. The Nomination Committee
            may also put forward candidates who are not nominated by Board members.


      10.   For filling a casual vacancy, the Nomination Committee shall make recommendations for the Board’s
            consideration and approval. For proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting, the
            Nomination Committee shall make nominations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation.
            The Nomination Committee follows the procedures below when considering nomination of Directors:


            10.1. the Nomination Committee will evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience of the
                   Board, and identify any special requirements for the vacancy or the directorship the candidate
                   is proposed to take (e.g. independence status in the case of an independent non-executive
                   Director);
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   065

                                                                    Corporate Governance Report




      10.2. the Nomination Committee will consider the role and capabilities required for the particular
            vacancy or the directorship;


      10.3. the Nomination Committee will identify candidates through personal contacts/recommendations
            by Board members, senior management, business partners or investors, and will to the extent
            possible select from a broad range of candidates who are outside the Board’s circle of contacts
            in accordance with the Company’s Board Diversity Policy;


      10.4. where appropriate, the Nomination Committee will conduct interview with the relevant candidate
            to evaluate whether he/she meets the aforesaid selection and nomination criteria, and verify the
            information provided by the candidate; and


      10.5. the Nomination Committee will make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-
            appointment of Directors.


11.   The Nomination Committee shall ensure the selection process to be transparent and fair.


12.   For the avoidance of doubt, the ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors rests
      with the entire Board.


13.   Until the issue of the shareholder circular, the nominated persons shall not assume that they have
      been proposed by the Board to stand for election at the general meeting.


14.   In order to provide information of the candidates nominated by the Board to stand for election at
      a general meeting, a circular will be sent to Shareholders. The names, brief biographies (including
      qualifications and relevant experience), independence (for independent non-executive Directors),
      proposed remuneration and any other information, as required pursuant to the applicable laws, rules
      and regulations, of the proposed candidates will be included in the circular to Shareholders.


15.   "Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a director" of the Company shall
      apply in respect of the nomination by Shareholders of person for election as Director.


16.   A candidate is allowed to withdraw his/her candidature at any time before the despatch of circular
      to Shareholders for election at the general meeting by serving the Company a notice in writing
      provided that such notice shall be served to the Company not less than three business days prior
      to the despatch of the said circular. If any candidate wishes to withdraw his/her candidature after
      the despatch of circular but before the convening of the general meeting for any special reason(s),
      the Board may, after considering such reason(s) and having confirmed that such withdrawal is in the
      interest of the Company and the Shareholders, approve such withdrawal.


17.   The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to
      stand for election at any general meeting.
066   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      CONFIDENTIALITY
      18.   Unless required by law or any regulatory authority, under no circumstances shall a member of the
            Nomination Committee or a staff member of the Company disclose any information to or entertain
            any enquiries from the public with regard to any nomination or candidature before the circular to
            Shareholders, as the case may be, is issued. Following the issue of the circular, the Nomination
            Committee or other staff member of the Company approved by the Nomination Committee may
            answer enquiries from the regulatory authorities or the public but confidential information regarding
            nominations and candidates should not be disclosed.


      REVIEW
      19.   In addition to meeting for the purpose of considering Board appointment(s), the Nomination Committee
            shall from time to time meet (and at least once annually):


            19.1. to review and consider the performance of the Board, including but not limited to looking at
                    benchmarking how the Company’s Board measures up against the other boards in Hong Kong or
                    Mainland China of peer issuers;


            19.2. to consider the need to refresh the Board composition regularly to avoid entrenchment and to
                    attract fresh thinking;


            19.3. to consider Board succession planning and conduct periodical reviews of the plan to ensure the
                    long-term success of the Company; and


            19.4. to monitor and review this Nomination Policy to ensure that it remains relevant to the Company’s
                    needs and reflects both current regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice.


      20.   The Nomination Committee will continually review the Nomination Policy and reserves the right in its
            sole and absolute discretion to update, amend, modify and/or cancel the Nomination Policy at any
            time.


      21.   The Board may in accordance with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations disclose in
            the Company’s Corporate Governance Report annually any information regarding the Nomination Policy,
            procedures and objectives made for implementation of the Nomination Policy and the progress made
            towards achieving the objectives.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   067

                                                                    Corporate Governance Report




Board Diversity Policy
The Company has adopted the Board Diversity Policy on 13 August 2013 which sets out its approach to
achievement and maintenance of diversity on the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board,
which was subsequently revised and updated on 20 December 2018. With a view to achieving a sustainable
and balanced development, the Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element
in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development, and the Board
diversity also helps to achieve a diversity of views and perspectives among members of the Board, to enhance
decision making capacity, and to fairly and effectively safeguard the interests of various stakeholders,
especially the long-term Shareholders’ interests of the Company.


The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of Board diversity and endeavours to ensure that the
Board has the appropriate balance and level of skills, experience and perspectives required to support the
execution of its business strategies. The Company seeks to achieve Board diversity through the consideration
of a number of factors, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The ultimate decision will be
based on merit and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board. All Board appointments
and succession will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria,
having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The Company will also take into consideration
factors based on its own business model and specific needs from time to time in determining the optimum
composition of the Board.


The Board has set measurable objectives (in terms of gender, skills and professional experience, etc.
as aforementioned) to implement the Board Diversity Policy and review such objectives from time to time
to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives. In
particular, in accordance with the requirements under the CG Code, the Company has set an initial target of
appointing at least one director of a different gender in the Board and has achieved such target since August
2021 when Ms. DU Juan was appointed as an executive Director and the chairperson of the Board. Currently,
the gender diversity of the Board is at approximately 11% (1 female out of 9 Directors). The Nomination
Committee and the Board will review the Board’s target gender diversity ratio from time to time and take
opportunities to increase the proportion of female members over time as and when suitable candidates are
identified. Further, the Board currently consists of members with different professional backgrounds (including
corporate management, marketing, human resources management, financial management and technology)
and from different age groups (from 40’s to 70’s). Accordingly, the Nomination Committee considers that the
current composition of the Board is characterised by diversity (including gender diversity) after taking into
account its own business model and specific needs, whether considered in terms of professional experience
or skills.
068   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its continued
      effectiveness from time to time. The Nomination Committee will discuss at least annually any changes to the
      Board Diversity Policy and Board composition that may be required (including the need to identify potential
      successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity), and make such recommendations to the Board for
      consideration and approval. The Board has reviewed the Board Diversity Policy in 2022 and is of the view that
      the Board Diversity Policy has been properly implemented and is effective.


      The overall gender diversity of the Group is relatively balanced. As at 31 December 2022, the overall
      workforce of the Group consisted of approximately 58.28% male and 41.72% female employees. The Board
      was led by a female chairperson. In addition, there were two senior management (as referred to under
      paragraph 12 of Appendix 16 to the Listing Rules) in the Group and both of them were male employees.
      The Group has in place a mechanism to support diversity across all facets including but not limited to
      gender diversity. The Group treats every employee equally, adheres to equal pay for equal work and equal
      opportunities for different genders. In particular, the recruitment process of the Group shall not involve any
      discrimination on the grounds of race, disability, gender, sexual orientation, family responsibilities, marital
      status, union membership, political opinion, age, languages or other discriminatory factors. The Group also
      cares for the legal rights and special needs of female employees and has established a "mummy hut" to
      provide comfortable and private breastfeeding spaces for female employees during their lactation, so as to
      attract and retain more female talents. In the past three years, the proportion of female employees of the
      overall workforce of the Group increased steadily. Whilst it is relatively more challenging for the Group to
      achieve equal gender ratio across all business units of the Group due to the characteristics and work types
      of different business units, it is the Group’s goal to achieve a balanced gender ratio in the overall workforce
      (including senior management). For further details of the diversity of the workforce of the Group, please refer
      to the ESG Report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.


      Remuneration Committee
      The Remuneration Committee currently comprises four members, namely Mr. HU Dien Chien, being an
      executive Director and Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter, Professor WANG Yijiang and Mr. LAU Siu Ki, all being
      independent non-executive Directors. Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter is the chairperson of the Remuneration
      Committee. The Remuneration Committee held two meetings during the year of 2022.


      The Remuneration Committee is governed by its terms of reference, which were adopted by the Board on 24
      February 2012 and subsequently revised by way of the written resolutions of all Directors dated 29 December
      2022. The terms of reference are made available on the Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com) and
      the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkex.com.hk).
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   069

                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




The Remuneration Committee was established on 16 April 2005 pursuant to Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules. It
meets from time to time to discharge its duties as set out in its terms of reference. Among others, it makes
recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all remuneration of Directors and
senior management, and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy on
such remuneration. It also reviews and approves the management’s remuneration proposals with reference
to corporate goals and objectives resolved by the Board from time to time, and determines, with delegated
responsibility, the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management.


The work performed by the Remuneration Committee during 2022 included:


•     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for
      all Directors’ and senior management’s remuneration, and reviewing and approving management’s
      remuneration proposals, with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives;


•     reviewing and determining the remuneration packages of all executive Directors and senior management
      of the Company with reference to their performance;


•     assessing the performance of executive Directors; and


•     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors.


There are no material matters relating to the Award Scheme or the Share Option Scheme which are required
to be reviewed and/or approved by the Remuneration Committee during the year ended 31 December 2022.


The human resources department provides administrative support and implements the approved remuneration
packages and other human resources related decisions approved by the Remuneration Committee.
070   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      Emolument Policy and Long-Term Incentive Plans
      To attract and retain talent, the Company provides a competitive remuneration package to its employees,
      including executive Directors and senior management. This comprises base monthly salary, guaranteed cash
      benefits and allowances, special allowances, variable pay, and long-term incentive plans which include Share
      Option and Award Scheme, if applicable. The amount of variable pay is set at a percentage of the fixed pay,
      and is paid half-yearly or yearly depending on performance delivered through plans and objectives which have
      pre-determined criteria and standards. Long-term incentive plans primarily consist of share options carrying
      rights to subscribe for the Shares and Shares under the Award Scheme respectively. Please refer to pages
      103 to 112 of this annual report for details of the Share Option Schemes and the Award Scheme. The
      emoluments payable to the Directors are determined with reference to their duties and responsibilities with
      the Company and the market rate for the positions.


      The remuneration package of executives is designed so that a proportion is structured to link rewards to
      corporate and individual performance, and gives incentives to executives to perform at the highest levels.
      Through job evaluation and job matching, the Group ensures the pay is internally equitable. Besides, the
      Group ensures external competitiveness of the pay through reference to market survey and data.


      The non-executive Directors’ compensation relates to the time commitment and responsibilities. They receive
      fees which comprise the following components:


      •     directors’ fee, which is usually paid annually; and


      •     share options and/or restricted shares of the Company which are awarded subject to the discretion of
            the Board, if any.


      The fees and any other reimbursement or emolument payable to the Directors and senior management by
      band are set out in notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   071

                                                                     Corporate Governance Report




DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has confirmed and consolidated its Dividend Policy on 20 December 2018 (taking effect from 1
January 2019).


Purpose
1.    The Dividend Policy aims to consolidate and set out the approach and principles of the Company in
      declaration of dividend.


Factor(s) to be considered for declaration of dividends
2.    In considering whether to declare any dividend, the Board shall consider factors in all aspects such
      as the operating results, cash flow, financial condition and capital requirements of the Group and the
      interests of the Shareholders, including but not limited to:


      2.1.   the Company’s actual and expected financial performance;


      2.2.   retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the
             Group;


      2.3.   the level of the Group’s debts to equity ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial
             covenants;


      2.4.   any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;


      2.5.   the Group’s expected working capital requirements and future expansion plans;


      2.6.   general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal or
             external factors that may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position
             of the Company; and


      2.7.   any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.
072   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      Principles in relation to declaration of dividends
      3.    If the Group records a profit and the Board, having considered factors of all aspects (including but not
            limited to those factors set out in paragraph 2 above), is satisfied that the declaration and distribution
            of dividends does not affect the Group’s normal operations, and subject to compliance with any
            restrictions under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands and the Articles:


            3.1.   the Company may declare and distribute dividends to the Shareholders;


            3.2.   the Company will take priority to distributing dividends in cash and share its profits with the
                   Shareholders, whereas the target payout ratio of dividends distributed is expected to be in the
                   range of 30%–50% of the Group’s net profit for the current year, and the remaining profit will be
                   used for the business development and operation of the Group; and


            3.3.   yet, any such declaration and payment of dividends shall remain to be determined at the sole
                   discretion of the Board.


      4.    Subject to the Articles and all laws and regulations applicable to the Company,


            4.1.   the Company in general meeting may declare final dividends in any currency but no dividends
                   shall exceed the amount recommended by the Board; and


            4.2.   the Board may from time to time pay to the Shareholders such interim dividends as appear to
                   the Board to be justified by the profits of the Company.


      5.    The Dividend Policy and the declaration and/or payment of dividends under the Dividend Policy are
            subject to the Board’s continuing determination that the Dividend Policy and the declaration and/
            or payment of dividends would be in the best interests of the Group and Shareholders, and are in
            compliance with all laws and regulations applicable to the Group.


      6.    The Board endeavours to maintain a balance between meeting the Shareholders’ expectations and
            prudent capital management with a sustainable dividend policy.


      7.    The Board will continually review the Dividend Policy and reserves the right in its sole and absolute
            discretion to update, amend, modify and/or cancel the Dividend Policy at any time, and the Dividend
            Policy shall in no way constitute a legally binding commitment by the Company in respect of its future
            dividend and/or in no way obligate the Company to declare a dividend at any time or from time to time.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     073

                                                                     Corporate Governance Report




Audit Committee
The Audit Committee currently comprises three members, namely Mr. LAU Siu Ki, Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang
Carter and Professor WANG Yijiang, all of them being independent non-executive Directors. Mr. LAU Siu Ki is
the chairperson of the Audit Committee.


The Audit Committee is governed by its terms of reference. The terms of reference are made available on the
Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com) and Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s website (http://www.hkex.com.hk).
Among others, it is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment
and removal of the external auditor, reviewing and monitoring the external auditor’s independence and
objectivity and effectiveness of the audit process, reviewing the financial information of the Company, as well
as overseeing the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management and internal control systems.


The Audit Committee usually meets to review the Company’s interim and annual results and the integrity of
the Group’s financial statements. In addition, to review and monitor the effectiveness of the audit process
in accordance with applicable standards, the Audit Committee will meet with the external auditor before
the annual audit commences to discuss the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations of the
Company. The Audit Committee held three meetings during the year of 2022.


The Audit Committee meetings are normally attended by the Company’s CFO. When meetings concern the
routine finance control, the head of the internal audit department and risk management department of the
Company also attends the meeting to report on the problems identified during the internal control audits (if
any) and recommend methods to alleviate and solve the problems identified. The external auditor is often
present on discussion of the audit of financial results and audit planning.


The work performed by the Audit Committee during 2022 included consideration of the following matters:


•     the integrity, completeness and accuracy of the 2021 annual and 2022 interim financial statements
      and reports;


•     review of the Company’s compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements, developments in
      accounting standards and the effect on the Company;


•     review of the effectiveness of the systems of financial controls, internal audit function, internal control
      and risk management of the Group;


•     review of the financial reporting system of the Group;


•     review of the internal control reports submitted by the internal audit department of the Company;


•     review of the financial and accounting policies and practices of the Group;
074   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      •     review of the legal department structure of the Group;


      •     review of the audit fees payable to external auditor, the nature, scope and timetable of the audit for
            year 2022;


      •     review of the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and effectiveness of the audit process in
            accordance with applicable standards; and


      •     recommendations to the Board, for the approval by Shareholders, the reappointment of Messrs. Ernst
            & Young as the external auditor, which the Board agreed and accepted.


      The Audit Committee has been advised that it may seek independent professional advice at the expense of
      the Company wherever necessary. The Audit Committee is also supported by the staff of finance department,
      internal audit department, risk management department and the external auditor.


      The Audit Committee recommended to the Board, and the Board agreed and accepted, that subject to
      Shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming AGM, Messrs. Ernst & Young be re-appointed as the Company’s
      external auditor for 2023.


      Strategy Committee
      The Board established the Strategy Executive Committee on 23 October 2014 with specific written terms of
      reference, which was subsequently dissolved on 22 September 2017, whereas the Strategy Committee was
      established on the same date in place of it.


      The Board delegated responsibilities to the Strategy Committee for making certain decisions for the
      management of the Company. In accordance with their terms of reference, members of the Strategy
      Committee shall be appointed by the Board from amongst the executive Directors only.


      As at the date of this annual report, the Strategy Committee comprises three executive Directors, namely, Ms.
      DU Juan (chairperson), Mr. YAN Xiaolin and Mr. HU Dien Chien.


      For details of the Strategy Executive Committee and the Strategy Committee, please refer to the section
      "Delegation by the Board - Operation" of this Corporate Governance Report on page 60.


      The work completed by the Strategy Committee during 2022 included consideration of the following matters:


      •     approval of any routine matters or matters concerning day-to-day operation of the Group;


      •     formulating for the Board’s review the Group’s overall corporate governance policy and investor relation
            policy;
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    075

                                                                      Corporate Governance Report




•      implementing the annual business plan, operating and capital expenditure budgets of the Company as
       approved by the Board; and


•      implementing the strategic plans and long-term objectives as approved by the Board.


Corporate Governance Function
The work completed by the Board during 2022 as part of its corporate governance function included the
following:


•      reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;


•      reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
       management;


•      reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
       requirements;


•      reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct applicable to employees and Directors; and


•      reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance
       Report.


ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
Financial Reporting
The Board aims to present a balanced, clear and understandable assessment in annual and interim reports,
inside information announcements and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules and other
regulatory requirements.


The Directors have acknowledged their responsibility for the preparation of the accounts for each financial
period which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and of the results and cash flows for
that period.


The statement by the auditor of the Company regarding its reporting responsibilities on the financial
statements of the Group is set out in the "Independent Auditor’s Report" on pages 122 to 127.


The Directors, having made appropriate enquiries, consider that the Group has adequate resources to
continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and hence decide that it is appropriate to prepare
the financial statements set out on pages 128 to 299 on a going concern basis. The Board is not aware of
any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern.
076   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      The basis on which the Company generates or preserves value over the longer term and the strategy for
      delivering its objectives are explained in the "Management Discussion and Analysis" set out on pages 16 to
      35 of this annual report.


      The management of the Company provides the Board with sufficient explanation and information, such as the
      Group’s major business activities and key financial information, to enable the Board to make an informed
      assessment of the financial information and position of the Company before approval.


      The management of the Company also provides all Directors with monthly updates giving them a balanced
      and understandable assessment of the Company’s performance, position and prospects in sufficient detail to
      enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties under Rule 3.08 and Chapter 13 of
      Listing Rules.


      Risk Management and Internal Controls
      The Board is responsible for overseeing the risk management and internal control systems of the Group on an
      ongoing basis. The Directors acknowledge their responsibility to establish, maintain and review from time to
      time the effectiveness of the Group’s system of risk management and internal controls. During the year, the
      Directors, through the Audit Committee, have reviewed the effectiveness of all material aspects of the risk
      management and internal control system of the Group, including the identification and monitoring of risks, the
      adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s
      accounting, internal audit, financial reporting function and those relating to the Company’s ESG performance
      and reporting, and covering all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls.


      The Company has adopted a set of risk management and internal control mechanisms and processes
      to identify, evaluate and properly manage significant risks, to safeguard the Group’s assets, to ensure
      proper maintenance of accounting records and reliability of financial reporting, and to ensure compliance
      with relevant legislation and regulations. Such mechanisms and processes included the review by the
      senior management of financial budgets, strategic plans and operational reports, regularly reviewing the
      Group’s internal operations and investigating into complaints made internally following guidelines developed
      internally and implementing disciplinary actions for non-compliance incidents accordingly. Certain executive
      Directors and senior management have been delegated with respective level of authorities and have specific
      responsibility for monitoring the performance of business operating units.


      The Company has assigned different geographical locations in which the Group carries out its business with
      different risk profile and set different priorities and coverage for its internal control, risk management and
      internal audit work to be carried out in these locations, which enhances the cost-effectiveness of the Group’s
      internal control, risk management and internal audit work. The risk management and internal control systems
      are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve its business objectives, and
      can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Board
      acknowledges that it is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their
      effectiveness.
                                                             TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   077

                                                                       Corporate Governance Report




Each year, the Audit Committee reviews the findings made by the external auditor in respect of issues
encountered by them in preparation of the independent auditor’s report, which often cover issues relating to
internal control. The Audit Committee also reviews the risk management and internal control report submitted
by the Company’s internal audit department and risk management department. The Audit Committee then
reviews the actions performed or the plans to be carried out by the management in addressing the issues.
The issues identified and the corresponding remedial plans and recommendations are then submitted to the
Board for consideration.


The Company has established an internal audit and risk management function. The Company’s internal audit
department and risk management department independently reviews the effectiveness of the internal controls
and risk management, including financial, operational and compliance controls, in the key activities of the
Group’s business. The heads of the Company’s internal audit department and risk management department
report to the Audit Committee, and submit regular reports for its review in accordance with the approved
review and audit mechanisms. The internal audit department submits a detailed report twice a year to the
Board for its review and monitors the effectiveness of the system of internal control and risk management of
the Group during the year. In case any material internal control defect is discovered, the Board would require
reports on the cause of and proposed solution for remedying the defect be submitted by the internal audit
department and risk management department and follow up with the defect until it is resolved.


For the year of 2022, no significant control failings, weaknesses, risk or critical internal control issues have
been identified.


The Audit Committee has reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control and risk management
systems and is of the opinion that the resources for and qualifications of staff of the Company’s accounting
and financial reporting function are adequate and effective. Based on information furnished to them and on
their own observations, the Audit Committee and the Board are satisfied with the adequacy and effectiveness
of the internal control and risk management system of the Group.


The Company has procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information,
including strictly prohibiting unauthorised use of inside information and communication of sensitive
information are made on a “need-to-know” basis only. The Group strives to identify inside information and any
information which may potentially constitute inside information at the earliest practicable opportunity, which is
then assessed and handed to the Board for decision on the need for disclosure. Further, relevant employees
of the Group are subject to black-out period prior to the release of the Company’s interim and annual results.
Inside information and other information which is required to be disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules and
the SFO will be disclosed in accordance with all applicable requirements in due course. Inside information
would be kept strictly confidential until such disclosure.


In accordance with the requirements under the CG Code, the Company has consolidated, codified and adopted
a whistleblowing policy and an anti-corruption policy in 2022, so as to promote and support anti-corruption
laws and regulations and to encourage employees and those who deal with the Company to raise concerns
about possible improprieties in any matter related to the Company. Both policies are made available on the
Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com).
078   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      Connected Transactions
      The Company is committed to ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements under the Listing Rules,
      applicable laws and regulations in handling connected transactions. Accordingly, the Company implemented
      various internal control mechanisms to identify and monitor connected transactions to ensure that connected
      transactions are conducted under normal commercial terms or on terms that are fair and reasonable and
      properly disclosed and (if necessary) approved by the independent Shareholders in accordance with the Listing
      Rules. The relevant connected persons to which the respective connected transactions relate will be required
      to abstain from voting in the relevant general meetings. Details of the connected transactions of the Company
      during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in the Report of the Directors in this annual report.


      Senior Management’s Remuneration
      For the year ended 31 December 2022, senior management of the Company comprises two individuals. The
      senior management’s remuneration during the year ended 31 December 2022 falls within the following bands:


      Remuneration (per annum) (Note)                                                                  Number of Individuals


      HK$3,000,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                                            1
      HK$14,000,001 to HK$15,000,000                                                                                          1

      Note:   The remuneration included salaries, allowances, benefits in kind, discretionary performance related bonuses, long-
              term incentives and pension scheme contributions.


      Auditor’s Remuneration
      For the year under review, the remuneration for services provided by the auditor is roughly as follows:


      Statutory audit services                                                                                HK$11,937,000
      Non-audit services (which mainly include taxation compliance,
        agreed upon procedures and advisory services)                                                          HK$9,471,000
      Non-audit service in respect of reviewing continuing connected transactions                                HK$480,000
                                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   079

                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




COMPANY SECRETARY
The position of joint company secretaries of the Company is held by Mr. HU Dien Chien (an executive Director
and the CFO of the Company) and Ms. CHOY Fung Yee (a practising solicitor of Hong Kong who is not an
employee of the Company). Mr. HU Dien Chien is also the primary corporate contact person with Ms. CHOY
Fung Yee. Information in relation to the performance, financial position and other major developments and
affairs of the Group (including but not limited to the management monthly report to the Board) is speedily
delivered to Ms. CHOY Fung Yee through the contact person assigned. The joint company secretaries are
responsible to the Board and report to the chairperson of the Board from time to time. All Directors have
access to the advice and services of the joint company secretaries to ensure that Board procedures, and all
applicable laws, rules and regulations are followed.


Each of Mr. HU Dien Chien and Ms. CHOY Fung Yee is required to take no less than 15 hours of relevant
professional training during the year 2022. Each of them has fulfilled the requirement during the year under
review.


INVESTOR RELATIONS PROGRAMS
Key Investor Relations Events in 2022
 Month       Event                                                                                      Location
 January     Participated in online investor conference (organised by Credit Suisse)                    N/A
 March       Participated in online investor conference (organised by SIG)                              N/A
             2021 annual results online presentation (press conference and analyst/investor briefing)   N/A
             Hosted an online non-deal road show (organised by CICC)                                    N/A
             Hosted an online non-deal road show (organised by Guotai Junan Securities)                 N/A
             Participated in online investor conference (organised by Guohai Securities)                N/A
             Participated in online investor conference (organised by Western Securities)               N/A
             Participated in online investor conference (organised by Essence International)            N/A
             Participated in online investor conference (organised by Cathay Securities)                N/A
             Participated in online investor conference (organised by CITIC Securities)                 N/A
             Participated in online investor conference (organised by Haitong Securities)               N/A
 April       Hosted an online non-deal road show (organised by China Securities)                        N/A
 May         Participated in online investor conference (organised by Essence International)            N/A
             Participated in online investor conference (organised by Cinda Securities)                 N/A
             Participated in online investor conference (organised by Huachuang Securities)             N/A
             Participated in online investor conference (organised by CITIC Securities)                 N/A
             Hosted company visit for investors (organised by CICC)                                     Shenzhen
             Participated in online investor conference (organised by Citi)                             N/A
             Hosted an online non-deal road show (organised by CICC)                                    N/A
080   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




       Month       Event                                                                                       Location
       June        Participated in online investor conference (organised by CITIC Securities)                  N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Citi)                              N/A
                   Participated in investor conference (organised by China Securities)                         Shenzhen
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Guotai Junan Securities)           N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Huaan Securities)                  N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by BOC International)                 N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by East Asia Securities)              N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by CITIC Securities)                  N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Essence International)             N/A
       July        Participated in online investor conference (organised by Topsperity Securities)             N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Guohai Securities)                 N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by TF Securities)                     N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by CICC)                              N/A
                   Hosted company visit for investors (organised by CICC)                                      Shenzhen
       August      2022 Interim results online presentation (press conference and analyst/investor briefing)   N/A
                   Hosted a non-deal road show (organised by CICC)                                             Shenzhen
                   Hosted an online non-deal road show (organised by CICC)                                     N/A
                   Hosted an online non-deal road show (organised by Guotai Junan Securities)                  N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by BOC International)                 N/A
                   Hosted an online non-deal road show (organised by CITIC Securities)                         N/A
                   Hosted an online non-deal road show (organised by China Securities)                         N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Industrial Securities)             N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by LightShed)                         N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Citi)                              N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Cathay Securities)                 N/A
       September   Participated in online investor conference (organised by China Merchants Securities)        N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Guohai Securities)                 N/A
       November    Participated in online investor conference (organised by Western Securities)                N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Citi)                              N/A
                   Participated in investor conference (organised by Industrial Securities)                    Shanghai
                   Participated in investor conference (organised by Kaiyuan Securities)                       Shanghai
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by CICC)                              N/A
       December    Participated in online investor conference (organised by Western Securities)                N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Haitong Securities)                N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by CITIC Securities)                  N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Guotai Junan Securities)           N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Essence International)             N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Guohai Securities)                 N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by Cinda Securities)                  N/A
                   Participated in online investor conference (organised by BOC International)                 N/A
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   081

                                                                   Corporate Governance Report




Communication with Shareholders and Procedures for Putting Forward
Proposals at General Meetings
The Company has formulated and adopted a shareholders’ communication policy (as amended from time to
time) to ensure the Shareholders are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced information
about the activities of the Company in order to enable Shareholders to exercise their rights and to engage
with the Company in an informed manner. The Board has taken appropriate steps to provide effective
communication with Shareholders.


All published corporate information, including all the statutory announcements, annual and interim reports,
corporate presentation, press releases and event calendars, is promptly posted on the Company’s
website at http://electronics.tcl.com. Shareholders may raise enquiries, suggestions or their views on the
Company to the Board or management of the Company by sending an email to hk.ir@tcl.com, which will be
promptly handled and directed by the Company’s dedicated investor relations team. The investor relations
department takes a proactive approach to communicate with existing and potential investors, Shareholders
and stakeholders in a timely manner by various means including making regular face-to-face meetings and
conference calls in order to solicit and understand their views. Shareholders can also send proposals to be
put forward at Shareholders’ meetings to the Board or senior management by contacting the investor relations
department by sending an e-mail to hk.ir@tcl.com, or directly through the questions and answers session
at Shareholders’ meetings or press conference. Shareholders who wish to move a resolution may also
request the Company to convene a general meeting following the procedures set out in the section headed
“Shareholders’ Rights to Convene an EGM” below.


The general meetings of the Company provide the best opportunity for communication between the Board and
the Shareholders. The Company complies with the required notice periods for general meetings under the
applicable laws, rules and regulations.


The chairperson of the Board and the respective chairperson of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination
Committee and the Audit Committee or, in their absence, other members of the respective committees and,
where applicable, the independent board committee, are available to answer questions at the Shareholders’
meetings.


The external auditor of the Company, Messrs. Ernst & Young, also attends the AGM to answer questions
about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the independent auditor’s report, the
accounting policies and auditor independence.


The Board has reviewed its prevailing shareholders’ communication policy during the year, and believes that,
in light of the multiple channels of communication and engagement in place as stated above, the current
shareholders’ communication policy of the Company has been properly implemented during 2022 and is
effective.
082   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Corporate Governance Report




      Voting by Poll
      The Company states in each relevant corporate communication that the Shareholders shall vote by poll so as
      to allow the Shareholders to have one vote for every Share held. The chairperson of the meeting would explain
      the voting procedures and answer any questions from the Shareholders regarding voting by poll in the general
      meetings. The poll voting results of the general meetings were published on the websites of the Hong Kong
      Stock Exchange and the Company respectively on the same day when the general meetings were held.


      Shareholders’ Rights to Convene an EGM
      Under article 72 of the Articles, general meetings shall also be convened on the written requisition of any
      one or more members of the Company holding together, as at the date of deposit of the requisition, shares
      representing not less than one-tenth of the voting rights, on a one vote per share basis, in the issued share
      capital of the Company. The written requisition shall be deposited at the principal office of the Company in
      Hong Kong or, in the event the Company ceases to have such a principal office, the registered office of the
      Company, specifying the objects of the meeting and the resolutions to be added to the meeting agenda, and
      signed by the requisitionist(s). If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such
      meeting the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, provided that any meeting
      so convened must be a physical meeting at only one location and shall not be held after the expiration
      of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the
      requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the
      Company.


      Constitutional Documents
      In 2022, in view of the revision of Appendix 3 to the Listing Rules, the Board resolved to amend the then
      Memorandum and Articles and put forward the proposed amendments for consideration and approval by the
      Shareholders at the December EGM. The current Memorandum and Articles, which incorporated the proposed
      amendments, were approved by the Shareholders at the December EGM and adopted with effect from 15
      December 2022. The amendments were mainly made to (i) bring the Memorandum and Articles in line with
      the relevant requirements of the Listing Rules as well as the applicable laws of Cayman Islands; (ii) allow
      general meetings of the Company to be held in the form of a hybrid meeting or electronic meeting where
      Shareholders may attend by electronic means in addition to a physical meeting where Shareholders attend
      in person; and (iii) provide flexibility to the Company in relation to the conduct of general meetings. Other
      housekeeping and consequential amendments to the Memorandum and Articles were also proposed, including
      making consequential amendments in connection with the above amendments to the Memorandum and
      Articles and for clarity and consistency with the other provisions of the Memorandum and Articles where it is
      considered desirable and to better align the wording with those of the Listing Rules and the applicable laws
      of the Cayman Islands. For details, please refer to the circular of the Company dated 15 November 2022 and
      the poll results announcement of the Company dated 15 December 2022.


      Save as disclosed above, there was no change to the Company’s constitutional documents in 2022.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   083

                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




Conclusion
Going forward, the Company will continue to work diligently to maintain the highest level of corporate
transparency possible. Relevant corporate information including annual and interim reports, statutory
announcements, corporate presentation and press releases, is disclosed in a timely manner and is available
on the Company’s website (http://electronics.tcl.com). Enquiries can also be sent to the Board or senior
management by contacting the investor relations department via e-mail to hk.ir@tcl.com, or directly through
the questions and answers session at Shareholders’ meetings or press conference.
084   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Human Resources and Social Responsibility




      HUMAN RESOURCES
      In 2022, the Group focused on the theme of “Value Led by Brand with Relative Cost Advantage” and carried
      out a series of human resource management initiatives to provide direct and effective supports for sustaining
      the Group’s strategy, enhancing its organisational performance and boosting employees’ growth.


      1.    Basic Profile of Human Resources
      As at 31 December 2022, the total number of employees was 24,694. The male-to-female ratio was 1.4:1.
      The distribution was as follows:


      Employees by Geographic Region as of 31 December 2022:
      Mainland China                                                                                          20,514
      Regions other than Mainland China (including Hong Kong)                                                  4,180


      2.    Major Accomplishments in Human Resources
      In order to support the development strategy of the Group, the Group endeavored to optimise its talent
      structure and increase the efficiency of its talents continuously, and as such, centering on the theme of “Value
      Led by Brand with Relative Cost Advantage”, a series of proactive measures in strengthening areas such as
      appraisals and incentives, recruitment of talents, talent nurturing and development were adopted as follows:


      In respect of performance appraisals and incentives, the Group continued to optimise its performance
      management and remuneration and incentives systems in 2022 through a fair, transparent, reasonable and
      effective appraisal system, with an aim to elevate staff motivation and creativity, promote achievement of
      corporate business objectives and realise sustainable development. Through implementing bonus schemes
      based on business lines, the integration of incentives of more rewards for more work for both frontline and
      back office support were further strengthened. The Group also focused its resources on motivating key
      projects including sales breakthrough and technological innovation, so as to improve retail capabilities,
      product competitiveness and technological innovation capabilities to support the long-term sustainable
      development of the Group. In terms of long-term incentives, the Group developed and implemented a long-
      term profit-sharing scheme for senior management and key personnel, which had helped achieve the incentive
      orientation of responsibility-sharing and profit-sharing and strengthened the retention and motivation of
      outstanding talents.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   085

                                                Human Resources and Social Responsibility




In 2022, the Group continued to perfect and optimise its performance management system and process
with a more impartial and scientific appraisal system, which will surely serve as a strong guarantee for staff
occupational development and corporate development.


In terms of talent recruitment, the Group acted on its strategic business plan and the philosophy to excel
globally with first-class talents focusing on business development to formulate a talent recruitment strategy
that integrates global talents through a diversified, scientific and efficient talents recruitment pipeline,
realising the targeted recruitment for key areas in terms of mid-to-high-end breakthrough, global operation
and innovative business. In 2022, a total of 2,738 talents were recruited, of whom 618 (22.6%) were from
universities, and 2,120 (77.4%) were experienced hire. In 2022, 1,253 talents were recruited for key sectors
to augment the organisational capabilities in our four key areas including production, marketing, operation and
organisation.


With regard to talent nurturing and development, the Group actively carried out reviews on talents,
strengthened the application of talent review results, which involved issuing a manager-related management
policy for comprehensive manager management to promote consistently a high-potential talent rotation and
build speedily an accreditation system for key post appointment qualifications, which had clarified the career
development paths for the staff, initiated talent organising, endeavored to help match the new personnel
structure with the Group’s strategy and contributed to a high quality development of the Group.


Meanwhile, based on the needs of business development and requirements of the talent pool, the Group
launched with effort the “Eagle Program” for high-potential talents and development programs for incumbent
talents and professional talents. According to business changes, special breakthrough programs targeting
the development of talents working in overseas markets, product, R&D, supply chain and new retail were
launched, with an objective to enhance the employees’ international perspectives, business philosophy,
management skills, customer-oriented thinking and innovation ideas. While meeting the current business
needs, the Group also focused on development in the long run.
086   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Human Resources and Social Responsibility




      SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
      In the past year, the Group continued to attach great importance to social responsibility as previous and
      contributed to the society with actions including proactively organising and participating in educational
      support, public charity activities and school-enterprise cooperation.


      1.    Charitable Funds
      1.1 Shenzhen TCL Foundation
            The Shenzhen TCL Foundation (the “TCL Foundation”) was formally incorporated in June 2012, and
            was rated an AAAA-grade social organisation of Shenzhen in 2020. Upholding the values of “complying
            with constitutions, laws and regulations and national policies and practicing core values of socialism”
            with the objective of “creating educational and growth opportunities for the disadvantaged, seeking
            community welfare and sustainable environmental development”, the TCL Foundation devoted itself
            constantly to four key undertakings, namely science and technology, education, culture and sports and
            directed support, in order to construct a complete TCL public welfare eco-system.


            The “Home A.I.” program distributed nearly 100 sets of “Eagle Story-Telling Machines” to children left
            behind in rural areas and with no fixed abode; bringing together children from rural schools through
            “Eagle Story Telling Machine”, the “Eagle Story Club” program was put under trial in 34 village schools
            in 13 provinces across the country with a total of 150 “Eagle Story Boxes” distributed, benefitting more
            than 11,000 people; integrating AI technology of voice customisation and story and music playing, and
            supporting users to use recording function for AI-empowered voice synthesis and simulation and listen
            to stories with the synthesised voice, the “Eagle Listening” Wechat mini program had more than 3,000
            users. The “Little Musician+” program was put under trial in 34 village schools from 16 provinces
            across the country with a total of 150 “Xiaoxue Music Boxes” distributed, covering more than 12,000
            students. The TCL Foundation built with donation two TCL public welfare smart classrooms in some
            urban and rural schools, promoting the information-based education with the power of science and
            technology. The TCL photovoltaic-sunlight school program donated photovoltaic roof power systems
            together with their revenue from power generated for 25 years to 4 rural schools to promote the use of
            clean energy. Under the “TCL Hope Project Candlelight Award Program”, a public welfare project set up
            for teachers in village schools since the establishment of TCL Foundation, approximately 3,000 eminent
            teachers from over 2,000 village schools had won the award so far. The TCL universities donation
            system provided funding supports to in-school students, young scholars and scientific research projects
            in universities, which comprise the “Huameng Scholarship”, the “TCL Young Scholar Program” and
            the “TCL Science and Technology Innovation Fund”. The “SUST-TCL Grand Lecture Hall on Innovation
            and Entrepreneurship” joined hands with Southern University of Science and Technology (SUST) to
            nurture young science and technology talents. The candlelight public welfare concert named TCL “Salut
            d’Amour” held by the TCL Foundation delivered love and sincerity through music, and the public welfare
            creativity contest held for TCL staff also fueled the spread of a public welfare and charity culture among
            the Group. The TCL Foundation constantly unfolds directed support actions in respect of areas such as
            dedicated poverty alleviation, rural vitalisation, disaster relief and education assistance, making active
            contribution to social justice and harmonic development.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   087

                                             Human Resources and Social Responsibility




    In 2022, the expenditure on public welfare undertakings of the TCL Foundation amounted to
    approximately RMB52,013,000. The TCL Foundation hopes to collaborate with more organisations in
    the future and work together to promote the development of public welfare industry and social progress.


1.2 Huameng Charity Foundation
    In 2007, Mr. LI Dongsheng, the founder of TCL, with his wife Ms. WEI Xue established Huameng Fund
    under the China Youth Development Foundation, and the Huameng Charity Foundation (the “Huameng
    Foundation”) was founded in 2021. Huameng takes the meaning of “Love for China’s children”, and
    has always been committed to the support of the Chinese educational development with an aim to give
    fair educational opportunities. From scholarship funding to the inclusion of professional music courses,
    the Huameng Foundation has closely followed the national policies of supporting education to gradually
    enhance and focus on the development of quality education, which features key project including
    the “Huameng Classroom”, the “Music-Dream Crossover” and the “Huameng Scholarship”. As of 31
    December 2022, the Huameng Foundation has sponsored more than 1,200 students in the past 16
    years with an accumulated input in the educational area reaching approximately RMB80,000,000.


    The Huameng Classroom had so far sponsored more than 1,200 students who are of impoverished
    family background but are excellent both in studies and integrity; the “Huameng Alumni Association”
    had over 500 alumni joined; the “Huameng Summer Camp” had organised activities under its seventh
    camping session; the “Huameng Classroom” had held the “Graduate Farewell Party” for graduating
    high-school students; the “Music-Dream Crossover” had sponsored 13 outstanding music students at
    home and abroad in total, and the “Huameng Scholarship” of South China University of Technology had
    sponsored 40 award winning students.


1.3 TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund
    The Group is dedicated to building a mutual aid platform internally for caring for employees, poverty
    alleviation and relieving the distress of employees. To boost the team spirit of “Assistance for Those
    with Adversities, Mutual Help and Dedication with Love”, the sense of humanity and the corporate
    culture of people-orientation among the employees, the TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund, advocated and
    supported with donation by Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter (an independent non-executive Director) and
    others, was set up. Established in August 2012, the TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund is a self-managed
    organisation formed by employees under the Group’s Union Association and is dedicated to assisting
    employees or families suffering from serious illness or major disasters. The TCL Electronics Mutual Aid
    Fund has been rendering assistance to employees who suffered hardship with a total donation amount
    of approximately RMB60,000 in 2022.
088   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Human Resources and Social Responsibility




            The TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund also fulfilled corporate social responsibility externally by
            sponsoring the student financial support program “Caring for Tomorrow” for nine consecutive years,
            with the cumulative donation amount of approximately RMB1,320,000 as of 31 December 2022. A
            number of volunteers would have been designated to participate in the sponsorship activities of “Caring
            For Tomorrow” in poverty-stricken mountain areas and former revolutionary base regions in Jingxi
            and Lingyun (of Guangxi Province) and Chengdu (of Sichuan Province), which had to be suspended
            due to the Covid-19 pandemic, while the TCL-TV laboratory jointly planned and designed by the Group
            and Shenzhen Shekou Yucai Education Group (“Yucai Group”) was put into use in 2020, with the
            sponsoring amount of approximately RMB200,000 in the sports facilities and activities of Yucai Group
            in 2022. These activities will continue on an on-going basis, and more new charitable projects will
            also be included to support more children receiving quality education. In 2022, in order to expand the
            assistance coverage of the TCL Electronics Mutual Aid Fund, the Fund donated a batch of household
            appliances and greeting articles to Xili Union for the Disabled and built 5 baby-care rooms with TCL
            Foundation in TCL International E City, organised a series of events like book donation, step donation,
            clothes donation, and organised public welfare activities such as street cleaning and gratis blood
            donating, which had subsidised over 100 disabled persons and over 500 residents in underprivileged
            mountain regions, with over 200 workplace women in lactation period receiving lactation aids. A total
            amount of approximately RMB250,000 was donated in 2022.


      2.    School-enterprise Cooperation
            Campus recruitment, which undertakes the important mission of introducing outstanding young talents
            all over the world, not only is an important program in achieving younger talent structure, but also
            a strategic program in cultivating next-generation TCL personnel. In 2022, the Group continued to
            strengthen its strategic cooperation with key universities, by reaching strategic cooperation with 15
            leading universities across the country and donating TCL smart educational machines amounting to
            nearly RMB1,000,000 in aggregate. The Group, aided with cooperation projects in production, studies
            and research under TCL Holdings, established TCL training bases for university talents with South
            China University of Technology, Nanjing University, Sichuan University, Hunan University, Central South
            University, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Chongqing University, Xidian University and
            Jilin University for arranging TCL’s experts to enter the campus to jointly explore the industry-university-
            research cooperation in order to promote business development. TCL also established a talent
            training base for major colleges and universities to further advance the healthy development of school-
            enterprise relations.


            Campus recruitment fairs are held twice annually in spring and autumn, whilst the summer intern
            program has recruited approximately 1,500 talents, providing a professional development and career
            platform to all eminent graduates. The Group continues to operate the “Super-A Special Trainee
            Program” (超A特訓生) in domestic and overseas top universities to orientate towards a future leader
            reserve program, and select outstanding talents with business minds, development potentials,
            determination to succeed and leadership aptitudes from universities, providing a driving force to the
            organisational development.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   089

                                              Human Resources and Social Responsibility




3.   Environmental Protection
     The Group strives to achieve environmental sustainability and incorporates its philosophy of corporate
     social responsibility into daily operations. The Group operates its in-house manufacturing facilities
     in compliance with all applicable local environmental regulations. The Group strives to protect the
     environment.


     The Group continuously implements a fine-tuned strategy to shoulder its corporate environmental,
     social and ethical responsibility and improve corporate governance, in order to create greater value
     for all of the Group’s stakeholders including Shareholders, customers and employees as well as the
     communities where it operates. Further, the Group continues to adhere to a highly responsible attitude
     toward employees, customers and the environment, in the product manufacturing process from raw
     materials to finished goods, by strictly regulating and controlling toxic and hazardous substances.
     Toxic and hazardous substances are prohibited in all aspects of production, packaging, distribution,
     marketing, etc., and any matter that is harmful to the health of employees and consumer safety and
     damages natural environment or any matter that has other serious consequences are also prohibited.


     The ESG Report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with
     Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules will be published separately pursuant to the requirements under
     Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules.
090   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the
      year ended 31 December 2022.


      PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
      The Group is engaged in display business, innovative business and internet businesses as disclosed in the
      section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis”. The principal activity of the Company is investment
      holding. Details of the principal activities of the principal subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 1
      to the financial statements. Except for the photovoltaic business which became officially operational in the
      second quarter of 2022, there was no significant change in the nature of the Group’s principal activities
      during the year ended 31 December 2022.


      RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
      The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the state of affairs of the Company and the
      Group as at that date are set out in the financial statements on pages 128 to 299.


      The Board has proposed a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 of HK12.70 cents in cash per
      share (31 December 2021: HK16.70 cents) out of the share premium account of the Company.


      Subject to (i) Shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming AGM to be held on 1 June 2023, Thursday, and (ii)
      the Directors being satisfied that there are no reasonable grounds for believing that the Company is, and
      immediately after the final dividends are paid, will be unable to pay its liabilities as they become due in the
      ordinary course of business, the said final dividend will be payable on or about 4 August 2023, Friday to
      Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 19 July 2023, Wednesday.


      FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
      A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the
      last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated/reclassified as
      appropriate, is set out on page 300. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.


      RECORD DATE AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
      To ascertain the entitlements to attend and vote at the forthcoming AGM, members of the Company must
      lodge the relevant transfer document(s) and share certificate(s) at the Company’s Hong Kong branch share
      registrar and transfer office, Tricor Tengis Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
      Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 25 May 2023, Thursday for registration. Members of the Company whose
      names are recorded in the register of members of the Company on 25 May 2023, Thursday are entitled to
      attend and vote at the forthcoming AGM.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   091

                                                                             Report of the Directors




The record date for determining the entitlements of the Shareholders to the proposed final dividend is 19 July
2023, Wednesday. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of Shares accompanied
by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar and
transfer office, Tricor Tengis Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, by no
later than 4:30 p.m. on 18 July 2023, Tuesday. The Hong Kong register of members of the Company will be
closed on 19 July 2023, Wednesday during which no transfer of the Shares may be registered.


BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out in the section headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 16 to 35 of this annual report. Discussions on non-financial
performance including human resources management initiatives, the key relationships with its employees and
the Group’s environmental policies and performance are disclosed in the section headed “Human Resources
and Social Responsibility” of this annual report. Those discussions form part of this Report of the Directors.
Key relationships with customers and suppliers are disclosed in the section headed “Major Customers and
Suppliers” in this Report of the Directors. Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required
by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, including a review of the business of the Group,
discussion and analysis of the Group’s performance during the year and the material factors underlying its
results and financial position, particulars of important events affecting the Group that have occurred since
31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, and an indication of the outlook and future
development of the business of the Group, are set out under sections headed “Chairperson’s Statement” and
“Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. Those discussions also form part of this Report
of the Directors.


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
In the face of complex and changing internal and external environments and risks, the Group strictly complies
with the requirements of various laws and regulations, continuously improves the Group's governance
structure, enhances the Group's standard operation level, strengthens the internal control system, and
effectively prevents and controls various risks with an aim to ensure the sustainable, stable and healthy
development of the Group.


Headquartered in the PRC, the Group is a world-leading consumer electronics company that covers display,
innovative and internet businesses. Manufacturing and production is one of the most important parts of the
businesses of the Group. The Group has complied with regulations related to production and occupational
safety, including but not limited to the Fire Prevention Law of the PRC, the Production Safety Law of the PRC
and the Law of the PRC on the Prevention and Control of Occupation Diseases.


The Group maintains the occupational safety of employees mainly by the following methods: weekly inspection
of safety production risks including risks of fire, piling up of hazardous materials and electricity; regular
disinfection of workplace and arranging professional medical institutions to conduct physical examination for
employees; accelerating the automatisation of factories and replacing dangerous operation by machines to
prevent employees from being injured.
092   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      The Group has also complied with regulations related to production materials and emission, including but
      not limited to the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC. The Group carries out supervision mainly by the
      following methods: regular commissioning of professional institutions to implement the indicator(s) which
      monitor(s) pollution discharge so as to meet the national standard; reasonable storage and isolation of
      dangerous materials; as well as strict selection of suppliers to source and prioritise materials that meet the
      EU REACH and ROHS standards.


      As at 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report, the Board was not aware of any non-
      compliance with the relevant laws and regulations that had a significant impact on the Company.


      SIGNIFICANT RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
      Some significant risks and uncertainties affecting the Group are outlined below. They are not exhaustive and
      there may be other additional risks and uncertainties which are now unknown or immaterial to the Group but
      could become material in future.


      Market Environment
      In 2022, under the combined influence of the ongoing Covid-19 pandemic, geopolitical conflicts, energy
      crisis and persistent global inflation, the trend and pattern of global economic development has undergone
      significant changes and the economic development of the PRC has also been subject to unprecedented
      challenges. At the same time, the transformation and upgrading of the domestic economy in the PRC, the
      restructuring of the global industrial landscape and the increasing demand for digital intelligence from users
      have brought new development opportunities for the Group’s smart devices and innovative business.


      The Group has endeavoured to identify growth opportunities in an increasingly challenging market environment
      while continuously promoting its development strategy of “Value Led by Brand with Relative Cost Advantage”.
      The Group has expanded its global presence and focused on the high-quality development of its core display
      business and internet business. Moreover, it has proactively explored emerging areas of growth, such as new
      energy, new scenarios and new smart hardware, to expedite the expansion of innovative business and create
      the Group’s second growth curve.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   093

                                                                                Report of the Directors




Raw Materials
Panels are an important raw material to the Group’s TV products and hence the Group’s business is
dependent on the availability and price of panels.


To better control the risk, the Company maintains good relationships with its suppliers (as more specifically
discussed in the section headed “Major Customers and Suppliers” below in this Report of the Directors).
Further, the Group has been pursuing and will continue to pursue synergies with multiple industries of TCL
Holdings Group and TCL Technology Group and leverage the advantages from the long-term relationship
with CSOT (which is a major panel supplier in the PRC) of integrated industrial chain in order to become a
forerunner in capitalising opportunities arising from the revolution of the industry and to establish an eco-
system enterprise based on smart screen. Further, it will consolidate and expand its existing display business
while actively diversifying its business to develop communications, commercial display and photovoltaic
business through investments, mergers and acquisitions, and restructuring to explore new business growth
opportunities. Further discussion in this aspect has been set out under the sections headed “Chairperson’s
Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report.


Technological Developments
The market is rapidly evolving and subject to continuous technological changes. The Group’s success will
depend on its ability to keep up with the changes in technology. If the Group fails to adapt its products and
services to such changes in an effective and timely manner, it could adversely affect its business, financial
condition and results of operations.


Therefore, the Group will maintain high-level R&D investment, attach great importance to product innovation
and continue adjusting the product mix to develop high-end display technologies, such as Mini LED, QLED
and 8K. At the same time, the Group will plan ahead for a deeper layout in the field of intelligent interaction,
vigorously explore frontier technologies, such as AI, internet-based big data, 5G and intelligent manufacturing,
and further enhance the core technology competitiveness of the Group.


Policy Regulatory Risks
With the continuous expansion of the Group's business at home and abroad, multiple factors such as
continuously evolving international trade policies, increasingly stringent regulatory environments in various
countries, and changing international political situations have exposed the Group to more severe trade,
compliance and political risks (including geopolitical risks), mainly manifested as trade policy risks, export
and sanctions compliance risks, supply chain compliance risks, anti-bribery risks, privacy protection, network
security and other compliance risks, as well as risks associated with political certainty.
094   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      The Group has always been committed to strictly complying with applicable laws and regulations, established
      relevant management organisations and departments to study and judge laws, regulations and market rules,
      and set up key compliance management systems within the Group. A wide range of compliance management
      and control methods, such as emphasis from the management, construction of organisational structure,
      publication of policies, built-in processes, training and publicity, inspection and auditing, etc., are in place to
      manage and control related risks in a systematic manner. On one hand, the Group will actively pay attention
      to changes in relevant laws, regulations and policies, broaden and strengthen the existing compliance
      management system through political risk prevention and early warning, and improve crisis response
      capabilities; on the other hand, the strength of global layout will be fully leveraged and production capacity
      layout and supply chain system will be optimised to mitigate the negative impact of policy regulatory risks on
      the Group’s business.


      Financial Risks
      Further discussions on the financial risks, including interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk,
      liquidity risk, that would affect the business operations of the Group, as well as the potential financial impact
      and measures undertaken to manage those risk areas are disclosed in note 47 to the financial statements.


      PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
      Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note
      14 to the financial statements.


      SHARE CAPITAL, SHARE OPTIONS AND AWARD SCHEME
      Details of movements in the Company’s share capital (including issue of Shares), share options and Award
      Scheme during the year, together with the reasons thereof are set out in notes 35 and 36 to the financial
      statements.


      PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
      There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or Cayman Law which would oblige the Company
      to offer new Shares on a pro rata basis to existing Shareholders.


      PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF
      THE COMPANY
      There was no purchase, redemption or sale by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of its listed securities
      during the year ended 31 December 2022.


      RESERVES
      Details of movements in the reserves of the Company and the Group during the year are set out in note 48 to
      the financial statements and the consolidated statement of changes in equity, respectively.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   095

                                                                            Report of the Directors




DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
As at 31 December 2022, the Company had an aggregate of HK$4,521,954,000 standing to credit of its
share premium account and HK$738,936,000 standing to the credit of its capital reserve account. As
the aforesaid capital reserve represents a premium arising on the issue of Shares, the entire amount of
HK$738,936,000 standing to the credit of the capital reserve account of the Company will be transferred to
the share premium account in compliance with the Articles and Cayman Law. Subject to compliance with the
applicable requirements under Cayman Law, the share premium may be applied for payment of dividend by the
Company. After the transfer of the capital reserve as aforesaid, the amount which can be utilised for payment
of dividend by the Company out of its share premium account would be HK$5,260,890,000.


CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS
During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group made charitable contributions totaling approximately
HK$12,138,000.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The percentages of purchases and sales for the year attributable to the Group’s major suppliers and
customers are as follows:


Purchases


– the largest supplier                                                                                  15%
– the five largest suppliers combined                                                                   31%


Sales


– the largest customer                                                                                  11%
– the five largest customers combined                                                                   31%


The Group recognises that maintaining good and stable relationship with suppliers, customers and business
partners is key for the sustainable development of the Group. The Group also endeavours to maintain reliable
business relationships with its major suppliers and customers which have been cooperating with the Group for
a long time.
096   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      Major customers
      The Group’s major customers are all from consumer electronics products industry, which is characterised by
      its cycle of integration and intensified competition. Any loss of or changes in market position of any of these
      customers may materially and adversely affect the business, financial conditions and operating results of the
      Group. In light of this, the Group adopts the following strategies to reduce the risks from reliance on one single
      customer. On the one hand, the Group strengthens the relationship with its existing customers which have made
      relatively stable contribution to the revenue of the Group. On the other hand, the Group endeavours to expand
      business and acquire new customers by improving its product mix and integrating its industry chain. Further
      discussion in this aspect has been set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of
      this annual report.


      The Group’s credit terms with its customers including credit period are disclosed in note 23 to the financial
      statements. Each customer has a credit limit depending on the size and credibility of the customers. The
      Group also maintains credit insurance for trade receivables from customers.


      Major Suppliers
      There are numerous suppliers providing materials required for the Group’s production and other business
      operations. The Group adopts multiple sourcing policies and strategic inventory management to ensure
      sufficient supply of materials for production.


      The Group has fully capitalised on its robust brand influence and channel advantages to proactively expand
      its global layout and accelerate the all-categories smart products to international markets through purchasing
      air conditioners, refrigerators, and washing machines from TCL Holdings Group, and also takes advantage
      of the online channel of TCL Holdings Group to enhance its overall distribution scale. Thus, three of the
      five largest suppliers and one of the five largest customers of the Group are subsidiaries of TCL Holdings.
      Notwithstanding the respective interests and/or roles of certain Directors in TCL Holdings, in particular, as at
      31 December 2022, (i) Ms. DU Juan was also a director and the CEO of TCL Holdings; (ii) Mr. WANG Cheng
      was also a director of TCL Holdings; (iii) Mr. HU Dien Chien was also the CFO of TCL Holdings; and (iv) Mr.
      SUN Li was also the CTO of TCL Holdings, as their respective direct or indirect interests in TCL Holdings
      were insignificant, none of them was considered as having a material interest in those subsidiaries of TCL
      Holdings.


      One of the five largest suppliers of the Group is a subsidiary of TCL Technology, which is a major pannel
      supplier in the PRC. In particular, as at 31 December 2022, (i) Mr. WANG Cheng was also a director and
      the COO of TCL Technology; and (ii) Mr. YAN Xiaolin was also the CTO of TCL Technology, as their respective
      direct or indirect interests in TCL Technology were insignificant, none of them was considered as having a
      material interest in that subsidiary of TCL Technology.


      Save as aforesaid, none of the Directors, their close associates or Shareholders (which, to the best
      knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the number of issued Shares) had any interest in the
      Group’s five largest customers or five largest suppliers.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    097

                                                                              Report of the Directors




DIRECTORS
The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report were:


Executive Directors:
Ms. DU Juan
Mr. YAN Xiaolin
Mr. HU Dien Chien


Non-executive Directors:
Mr. WANG Cheng
Mr. SUN Li
Mr. LI Yuhao
Mr. Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior (retired on 17 June 2022)


Independent Non-executive Directors:
Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter
Professor WANG Yijiang
Mr. LAU Siu Ki
Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF (retired on 17 June 2022)


The Company has received from each of its independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of
his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all the independent non-executive
Directors to be independent.


In accordance with Article 116 of the Articles, at each AGM, not less than one-third of the Directors for the
time being shall retire from office by rotation and, under the corporate governance code adopted by the
Company, every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement by
rotation at least once every three years. All retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election. Accordingly,
Mr. YAN Xiaolin, Mr. HU Dien Chien and Professor WANG Yijiang shall retire from office by rotation at the
conclusion of the forthcoming AGM. All of them, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the
forthcoming AGM.


REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND
THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
Particulars of the remuneration of the Directors, senior management and the five highest paid employees
(including senior management) during the financial year are set out in notes 8 and 9 to the financial
statements, respectively.
098   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      EMOLUMENT POLICY AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVE SCHEMES
      Please refer to the Corporate Governance Report contained on pages 48 to 83 of this annual report for
      the Group’s emolument policy and long-term incentive schemes, as well as the basis for determining the
      remuneration payable to the Directors.


      PENSION SCHEMES
      Particulars of the Group’s pension schemes are set out in note 2.4 to the financial statements.


      DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES
      Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 36 to 47
      of this annual report.


      DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
      No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service contract with the Company which
      is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory
      compensation.


      DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
      During the year ended 31 December 2022, none of the Directors is interested in any business apart from the
      Group’s business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the
      Group.


      DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENT
      AND CONTRACTS
      Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” in this Report of the Directors, none of the
      Directors or their connected entities had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions,
      arrangements and contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of its
      subsidiaries, holding companies or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the year ended 31 December 2022.


      CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER’S INTERESTS IN SIGNIFICANT
      CONTRACTS
      Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” in this Report of the Directors, no contract
      of significance was entered into among the Company or any of its subsidiaries and the controlling shareholder
      of the Company (as defined under the Listing Rules) or any of its subsidiaries during the year ended 31
      December 2022.
                                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022               099

                                                                                                    Report of the Directors




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the
Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


Interests in the Company – Long Positions
                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                          underlying Shares
                                                                                         interest or deemed
                                                                                           to be interested
                                                       Number of ordinary Shares               under equity                 Approximate
                                                       interested or deemed to be               derivatives                percentage of
                                                               interested                          (Note 2)                  the number
 Name of Directors and                                   Personal               Other             Personal                     of issued
 chief executive                 Capacity                interests           interests            interests        Total         Shares
                                                                              (Note 1)                                          (Note 3)


 Directors
 DU Juan                         Beneficial owner       1,364,075                   –                     –    1,364,075          0.05%
 YAN Xiaolin                     Beneficial owner        687,923            2,032,904             654,834      3,375,661          0.14%
 WANG Cheng                      Beneficial owner       5,231,652           4,409,768           4,693,924     14,335,344          0.57%
 SUN Li                          Beneficial owner        497,498            1,457,137                     –    1,954,635          0.08%
 LI Yuhao                        Beneficial owner          24,000                   –                     –      24,000         0.001%
 WANG Yijiang                    Beneficial owner          44,312                   –             116,442       160,754           0.01%
 LAU Siu Ki                      Beneficial owner          44,778                   –             236,301       281,079           0.01%


 Chief executive
 ZHANG Shaoyong                  Beneficial owner       1,182,991           2,939,845             381,747      4,504,583          0.18%

Notes:


1.         These interests are restricted Shares that have been granted to the relevant Directors and/or chief executive under
           the Award Scheme and were not vested as at 31 December 2022.


2.         These equity derivatives were outstanding share options granted to the relevant Directors and/or chief executive of
           the Company under the Share Option Scheme as at 31 December 2022.


3.         The percentages are calculated based on the number of issued Shares as at 31 December 2022, i.e.
           2,499,780,203 Shares.
100   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors and/or chief executive of the
      Company had registered an interest or short position in the Shares, underlying shares or debentures of the
      Company or any of its associated corporations that was required to be recorded pursuant to Section 352 of
      the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model
      Code.


      SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS
      AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
      As at 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the persons, other than a Director or chief
      executive of the Company, in the Shares and underlying Shares of the Company as recorded in the register of
      interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO were as follows:


      Long position in Shares
                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                  percentage of
                                                                                    Number of     the number of
       Shareholders                      Capacity                                  Shares held    issued Shares
                                                                                                         (Note 1)


       TCL Holdings (Note 2)             Interest of controlled corporation    1,373,956,288             54.96%
                                                                                      (Note 3)


       WANG Jingbo                       Interest of controlled corporation      348,850,000             13.96%
                                                                                      (Note 4)


       ZENG Edward Qiang                 Interest of controlled corporation      348,850,000             13.96%
                                                                                      (Note 4)


       Noah Holdings Limited             Interest of controlled corporation      348,850,000             13.96%
                                                                                      (Note 5)


       Shanghai Noah Investment          Interest of controlled corporation      348,850,000             13.96%
         Management Co., Ltd*                                                         (Note 4)
         (上海諾亞投資管理有限公司)
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   101

                                                                            Report of the Directors




                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                             percentage of
                                                                               Number of     the number of
Shareholders                     Capacity                                    Shares held     issued Shares
                                                                                                   (Note 1)


諾亞正行基金銷售有限公司                     Interest of controlled corporation         348,850,000             13.96%
                                                                                 (Note 5)


China Bridge Capital             Interest of controlled corporation         348,850,000             13.96%
  Management Co., Ltd*                                                           (Note 4)
  (北京鑫根投資管理有限公司)


歌斐創世鑫根併購一號投資基金                   Interest of controlled corporation         348,850,000             13.96%
                                                                                 (Note 4)


歌斐創世鑫根併購基金F                      Interest of controlled corporation         348,850,000             13.96%
  投資基金                                                                           (Note 6)


Aeon Life Insurance Co. Ltd*     Interest of controlled corporation         348,850,000             13.96%
  (百年人壽保險股份有限公司)                                                                 (Note 7)


Wuhu Gopher Asset                Interest of controlled corporation         348,850,000             13.96%
  Management Co., Ltd*                                                           (Note 4)
  (蕪湖歌斐資產管理有限公司)


Leshi Internet Information and   Interest of controlled corporation         348,850,000             13.96%
  Technology Corp., Beijing*                                                     (Note 4)
(樂視網信息技術(北京)股份
  有限公司)


深圳市樂視鑫根併購基金                      Interest of controlled corporation         348,850,000             13.96%
  投資管理企業(有限合夥)                                                                   (Note 4)


深圳市樂視鑫根併購基金                      Interest of controlled corporation         348,850,000             13.96%
  投資管理有限公司                                                                       (Note 4)
102   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      Notes:


      1.       The percentage in respect of the interest of the relevant substantial Shareholder was calculated based on the
               number of Shares and underlying Shares in which such substantial Shareholder was interested as notified to the
               Company and disclosed on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange against the number of issued Shares as
               at 31 December 2022, being 2,499,780,203 Shares in issue.


      2.       As at 31 December 2022, the following Directors were directors/employees of a company who had an interest
               or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the
               provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:


               (a)    Ms. DU Juan was also a director and the CEO of TCL Holdings;


               (b)    Mr. HU Dien Chien was also the CFO of TCL Holdings;


               (c)    Mr. WANG Cheng was also a director of TCL Holdings; and


               (d)    Mr. SUN Li was also the CTO of TCL Holdings.


      3.       As at 31 December 2022, TCL Holdings was deemed to be interested in 1,373,956,288 Shares held by T.C.L.
               Industries (H.K.).


      4.       Based on the information set out in the relevant disclosures made by the said substantial Shareholder(s), the
               348,850,000 Shares were held by Zeal Limited, a 100% controlled corporation of 深圳市樂視鑫根併購基金投資管
               理企業(有限合夥), which was in turn indirectly held as to (i) 0.1% by Mr. ZENG Edward Qiang through China Bridge
               Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (北京鑫根投資管理有限公司); (ii) 60.41% by Ms. WANG Jingbo through Shanghai Noah
               Investment Management Co., Ltd.* (上海諾亞投資管理有限公司), Wuhu Gopher Asset Management Co., Ltd* (蕪湖
               歌斐資產管理有限公司) and 歌斐創世鑫根併購一號投資基金. Leshi Internet Information and Technology Corp., Beijing
               (樂視網信息技術(北京)股份有限公司) was interested or deemed to be interested in the 348,850,000 Shares through
               corporation controlled by it.


      5.       Based on the information set out in the relevant disclosures made by the said substantial Shareholder(s), 諾亞正行
               基金銷售有限公司 was interested or deemed to be interested in the 348,850,000 Shares as a beneficiary of a trust,
               and Noah Holdings Limited was deemed to be interested in such Shares through its indirect 100% interest in 諾亞正
               行基金銷售有限公司.


      6.       Based on the information set out in the relevant disclosures made by the said substantial Shareholder(s), 歌斐創世
               鑫根併購基金F投資基金 was deemed to be interested in 348,850,000 Shares through its 65.23% indirect interest in
               歌斐創世鑫根併購一號投資基金.

      7.       Based on the information set out in the relevant disclosures made by the said substantial Shareholder(s), Aeon
               Life Insurance Co. Ltd* (百年人壽保險股份有限公司) was interested or deemed to be interested in the 348,850,000
               Shares as a beneficiary of a trust.


      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, no person, other than the Directors and chief executive
      of the Company whose interests or short positions are set out in the section “DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF
      EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES”
      above, had notified the Company of an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares that was
      required to be recorded pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   103

                                                                             Report of the Directors




DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in the sections under the headings “DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES”, “SHARE OPTION SCHEMES” and
“AWARD SCHEME” in this Report of the Directors, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2022 were
rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to
any Director or his/her spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them;
nor was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, holding companies or fellow subsidiaries a party to any
arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire such rights in any other body corporate.


SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
The Company adopted the 2007 Scheme on 15 February 2007 for the purpose of providing incentives and
rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. By a Shareholders’
resolution passed in the AGM held on 18 May 2016, the 2016 Scheme was adopted and the 2007 Scheme
was terminated. As a result, the Company can no longer grant any further options under the 2007 Scheme
but all options granted prior to the termination of the 2007 Scheme will remain in full force and effect. For
details, please refer to the circular of the Company dated 18 April 2016. The purpose of the 2016 Scheme
is to recognise and motivate the contribution of the participants and to provide incentives and help the Group
in retaining its existing employees and recruiting additional employees and to provide them with a direct
economic interest in attaining the long-term business objectives of the Group.


Eligible participants of the 2007 Scheme include the Directors, including independent non-executive Directors,
other employees of the Group, advisers, consultants, agents, contractors, clients or suppliers of any member
of the Group or any other person whom the Board in its sole discretion considers may contribute or have
contributed to the Group. The eligible participants of the 2016 Scheme is the same as the 2007 Scheme
save that under the 2016 Scheme, the definition of “any other person” is refined to employees and officers of
any affiliated company (i.e. TCL Technology (being the then ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company),
its subsidiaries and companies which, in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in
the PRC, is recorded as an affiliated companies in the financial statements of TCL Technology, which shall
include any company in which TCL Technology is directly or indirectly interested in not less than 20% of its
issued share capital). The 2016 Scheme became effective on 18 May 2016 and, unless otherwise cancelled
or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date until 17 May 2026.
104   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted under
      the 2016 Scheme of the Company must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the number of Shares in issue on
      the date of approval of the 2016 Scheme. The 10% limit may be refreshed with the approval by ordinary
      resolution of the Shareholders. The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all
      outstanding share options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2016 Scheme of the Company must not
      exceed 30% of the number of Shares in issue from time to time. The maximum number of Shares issued or to
      be issued upon exercise of share options granted to (i.e. the maximum entitlement of) any one participant in
      a 12-month period shall not exceed 1% (or 0.1% for any substantial Shareholder, independent non-executive
      Director or any of their respective associates) of the number of issued Shares, unless otherwise approved by
      the Shareholders in a general meeting of the Company.


      Share options granted to a Director, chief executive or substantial Shareholder, or to any of their respective
      associates are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive Directors. In addition, the
      grant of any share options to a substantial Shareholder or an independent non-executive Director, or to any
      of their respective associates, in excess of 0.1% of the number of Shares in issue at any time and with an
      aggregate value (based on the price of the Shares at the date of grant) in excess of HK$5 million, within any
      12-month period, are subject to Shareholders’ approval in advance in a general meeting of the Company.


      The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted upon payment of a non-refundable nominal
      consideration of HK$1.00, and within the period determined by the Board provided that no such offer shall
      be open for acceptance after the expiry or termination of the 2016 Scheme by each grantee. The 2016
      Scheme does not specify any vesting period or minimum holding period but the Board has the authority to
      determine the minimum period for which a share option in respect of some or all of the underlying shares of
      the share options must be held before it can be exercised. The exercise period of the share options granted
      is determinable by the Directors, and commences on a specified date and ends on a date which is not later
      than ten years from the date of grant of the relevant share options.


      The exercise price of a share option to subscribe for Shares is determinable by the Directors, but may not be
      less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the date of
      grant; (ii) the average closing price of the Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for the five trading days
      immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the Shares.


      Share options do not confer rights on the holders to receive dividends or to vote at general meetings of the
      Company.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   105

                                                                               Report of the Directors




The Directors have estimated the values of the share options granted, calculated using the binomial option
pricing model as at the date of grant of the options. The values of share options calculated using the binomial
model are subject to certain fundamental limitations, due to the subjective nature of and uncertainty relating
to a number of assumptions of the expected future performance input to the model, and certain inherent
limitations of the model itself.


The value of an option varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions. Any change to the
variables used may materially affect the estimation of the fair value of a share option.


Details of the 2016 Scheme and the amendments were set out in the circular of the Company dated 18 April
2016.


At the AGM held on 23 May 2018, an ordinary resolution was passed to refresh the scheme mandate limit
under the 2016 Scheme provided that the total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued pursuant
to the grant or exercise of share option under the 2016 Scheme shall not exceed 10% of the number of
issued Shares as at the date on which the resolution was passed. For details, please also refer to the circular
of the Company dated 20 April 2018.


As at 1 January 2022, the number of Shares that could be issued upon exercise of all share options that
could be granted under the then available scheme mandate limit was 233,261,356, which represented
approximately 9.41% of the total number of issued Shares as at 1 January 2022. As at 31 December 2022,
the number of Shares that could be issued upon exercise of (i) all outstanding share options; and (ii) all
share options that could be granted under the then available scheme mandate limit were 39,121,343 and
233,261,356, respectively, which represented approximately 1.56% and 9.33% of the total number of issued
Shares as at 31 December 2022, respectively. Assuming all said 39,121,343 outstanding share options
were exercised as at 31 December 2022, the total number of Shares as at 31 December 2022 would be
2,538,901,546, and the shareholding of T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) and Zeal Limited would have dropped to
approximately 54.12% and 13.74% respectively.


As at 21 April 2023, being the latest practicable date of this annual report, the number of Shares that could
be issued upon exercise of (i) all outstanding share options; and (ii) all share options that could be granted
under the then available scheme mandate limit were 38,880,977 and 233,261,356, respectively, which
represented approximately 1.56% and 9.33% of the total number of issued Shares as at the latest practicable
date of this annual report, respectively.
106   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      The following share options were outstanding under the share option schemes during the year:

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                  Share closing         average
                                                                                                                                                                                          price   share closing
                                                                                                                                                                                   immediately             price
                                                                           Number of share options                                             Date of    Exercise    Exercise           before    immediately
       Name or                             At                   Granted            Exercised         Cancelled      Lapsed              At     grant of    price of   period of     the date of          before
       category of                  1 January                     during              during            during       during    31 December       share       share       share         grant of    the exercise
       participants                     2022 Reclassification   the year            the year          the year     the year           2022     options     options     options    share options           dates
                                                                                                                                                               HK$                         HK$              HK$

       Directors
       Executive Director
       YAN Xiaolin                   153,478               –          –                    –                 –    (153,478)             –     2-Jun-16     4.3860       Note 1            4.49              N/A
                                     116,442               –          –                    –                 –           –        116,442    23-Jan-18     4.1520       Note 3            3.91              N/A
                                     538,392               –          –                    –                 –           –        538,392    25-Apr-18     3.5700       Note 4            3.55              N/A

                                     808,312               –          –                    –                 –    (153,478)       654,834

                                     808,312               –          –                    –                 –    (153,478)       654,834

       Non-executive Directors
       WANG Cheng                     158,282              –          –                   –                  –    (158,282)              –     2-Jun-16    4.3860       Note 1            4.49              N/A
                                      291,063              –          –            (290,000)                             –           1,063   12-May-17     3.7329       Note 2            3.70             4.16
                                    4,301,397              –          –                   –                              –       4,301,397   23-Jan-18     4.1520       Note 3            3.91              N/A
                                      391,464              –          –                   –                              –         391,464    25-Apr-18    3.5700       Note 4            3.55              N/A

                                    5,142,206              –          –            (290,000)                 –    (158,282)      4,693,924

       Albert Thomas DA ROSA,        116,442        (116,442)         –                    –                 –            –              –   23-Jan-18     4.1520       Note 3            3.91              N/A
         Junior*

                                     116,442        (116,442)         –                    –                 –            –              –

       Independent Non-executive
         Directors
       WANG Yijiang                  125,818               –          –                    –                 –    (125,818)             –     2-Jun-16     4.3860       Note 1            4.49              N/A
                                     116,442               –          –                    –                 –           –        116,442    23-Jan-18     4.1520       Note 3            3.91              N/A

                                     242,260               –          –                    –                 –    (125,818)       116,442

       LAU Siu Ki                    116,442               –          –                    –                 –            –       116,442    23-Jan-18     4.1520       Note 3            3.91              N/A
                                     119,859               –          –                    –                 –            –       119,859    25-Apr-18     3.5700       Note 4            3.55              N/A

                                     236,301               –          –                    –                 –            –       236,301

       Robert Maarten                116,442        (116,442)         –                    –                 –            –              –   23-Jan-18     4.1520       Note 3            3.91              N/A
         WESTERHOF**

                                     116,442        (116,442)         –                    –                 –            –              –

                                    5,853,651       (232,884)         –            (290,000)                 –    (284,100)      5,046,667

       Chief executive
       ZHANG Shaoyong                381,747               –          –                    –                 –            –       381,747    23-Jan-18     4.1520       Note 3            3.91              N/A

                                     381,747               –          –                    –                 –            –       381,747

       Other employees                782,524              –          –                   –                  –     (782,524)             –     2-Jun-16    4.3860       Note 1            4.49              N/A
         of the Group#              3,202,436              –          –          (1,006,078)                 –      (39,115)     2,157,243   12-May-17     3.7329       Note 2            3.70             4.72
                                   22,111,854              –          –          (1,615,995)                 –   (1,930,556)    18,565,303   23-Jan-18     4.1520       Note 3            3.91             5.08
                                      172,376              –          –             (71,766)                 –            –        100,610    25-Apr-18    3.5700       Note 4            3.55             5.06

                                   26,269,190              –          –          (2,693,839)                 –   (2,752,195)    20,823,156
                                                                                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                            107

                                                                                                                                                       Report of the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                 Share closing         average
                                                                                                                                                                                         price   share closing
                                                                                                                                                                                  immediately             price
                                                                        Number of share options                                             Date of      Exercise    Exercise           before    immediately
    Name or                             At                   Granted            Exercised         Cancelled      Lapsed              At     grant of      price of   period of     the date of          before
    category of                  1 January                     during              during            during       during    31 December       share         share       share         grant of    the exercise
    participants                     2022 Reclassification   the year            the year          the year     the year           2022     options       options     options    share options           dates
                                                                                                                                                              HK$                         HK$              HK$

    Employees of TCL Holdings         961               –          –                   –                  –         (961)            –     2-Jun-16       4.3860       Note 1            4.49              N/A
     and fellow subsidiaries       31,764               –          –                   –                  –         (788)       30,976    12-May-17       3.7329       Note 2            3.70              N/A
     and associated companies     667,200               –          –             (30,000)                 –            –       637,200    23-Jan-18       4.1520       Note 3            3.91             5.08
     of the Company#

                                  699,925               –          –             (30,000)                 –       (1,749)      668,176

    Others#                      1,598,736              –          –                   –                  –   (1,598,736)             –     2-Jun-16      4.3860       Note 1            4.49              N/A
                                   220,083              –          –             (22,302)                 –            –        197,781   12-May-17       3.7329       Note 2            3.70             4.72
                                 7,766,238        232,884          –            (975,583)                 –     (142,971)     6,880,568   23-Jan-18       4.1520       Note 3            3.91             5.08
                                 4,977,919              –          –            (311,641)                 –     (197,864)     4,468,414    25-Apr-18      3.5700       Note 4            3.55             5.06

                                14,562,976        232,884          –          (1,309,526)                 –   (1,939,571)    11,546,763

                                48,575,801              –          –          (4,323,365)                 –   (5,131,093)    39,121,343


Note 1               For share options granted to grantees in their capacity as employees of the Group, approximately 13% of such
                     share options are exercisable commencing from 9 January 2017, a further approximately 43% are exercisable
                     commencing from 9 January 2018, and the remaining approximately 44% are exercisable commencing from 9
                     January 2019, up to 1 June 2022.

                     For share options granted to grantees in their capacity as employees of TCL Technology Group (excluding the
                     Group), approximately one-third of such share options are exercisable commencing from 31 December 2016,
                     a further approximately one-third are exercisable commencing from 31 December 2017, and the remaining
                     approximately one-third are exercisable commencing from 31 December 2018, up to 1 June 2022.

Note 2               Approximately 21% of such share options are exercisable commencing from 9 January 2018, and the remaining
                     approximately 79% are exercisable commencing from 9 January 2019, up to 11 May 2023.

Note 3               Approximately one-sixth of such share options are exercisable commencing from 18 May 2019, approximately
                     one-sixth from 9 January 2020, approximately one-sixth from 18 May 2020, approximately one-sixth from 9
                     January 2021, a further approximately one-sixth are exercisable commencing from 18 May 2021, and the
                     remaining approximately one-sixth are exercisable commencing from 9 January 2022, up to 22 January 2024.

Note 4               For share options granted to grantees in their capacity as employees of the Group, all of such share options are
                     exercisable commencing from 9 January 2019, up to 24 April 2024.

                     For share options granted to grantees in their capacity as employees of TCL Technology Group (excluding the
                     Group), approximately one-third of such share options are exercisable commencing from 15 June 2018, a further
                     approximately one-third are exercisable commencing from 15 June 2019, and the remaining approximately one-
                     third are exercisable commencing from 15 June 2020, up to 24 April 2024.

*                    Mr. Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior retired as a non-executive Director with effect from 17 June 2022.

**                   Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF retired as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 17 June 2022.

#
                     The outstanding share options were granted under the 2016 Scheme for a wide scope of participants covering
                     any person who is or was (i) an employee, adviser, consultant, agent, contractor, client or supplier of any
                     member of the Group or (ii) an employee or officer of any affiliated company whom the Board in its sole
                     discretion considers may contribute or have contributed to the Group, whereas affiliated company refers to the
                     then holding company of the Company (TCL Technology), subsidiary of such holding company and companies
                     which, in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in the PRC, are recorded as affiliated
                     companies in the financial statements of such holding company.
108   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      To comply with the disclosure requirements under the new Rule 17.07 of the Listing Rules which have come
      into effect on 1 January 2023, information in the above table are presented in the manner that grantees have
      been re-categorised, with reference to their capacity as at 31 December 2022, into (i) employee participants;
      (ii) related entity participants; and (iii) service providers by category. In this connection, (i) other employees
      of the Group are employees of the Group other than Directors and chief executives; (ii) employees of TCL
      Holdings, fellow subsidiaries and associated companies of the Company correspond to the related entity
      participants within the meaning of the new Chapter 17; and (iii) others are participants which do not fall into
      the definition of employee participants, related entity participants or service providers under the new Chapter
      17 of the Listing Rules, who are employees of the then affiliated companies of the Company which however
      do not fall within the definition of related entity participants under the new Chapter 17.


      AWARD SCHEME
      The Company adopted the Award Scheme on 6 February 2008 and, unless otherwise cancelled or amended,
      will remain in force for 15 years from that date until 5 February 2023. The purposes of the Award Scheme
      are to recognise and motivate the contribution of certain participants and to provide incentives and help the
      Group in retaining its existing employees and recruiting suitable personnel as additional employees to further
      the operation and development of the Group and to provide them with a direct economic interest in attaining
      the long-term business objectives of the Group. Eligible participants of the Award Scheme include employees
      of the Group (including but not limited to directors, chief executives and supervisors), advisers, consultants,
      agents, contractors, clients or suppliers of any member of the Group, and any employees or officer of any
      affiliated company (i.e. TCL Technology (being the then ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company), its
      subsidiaries and companies which, in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles in the
      PRC, is recorded as an affiliated companies in the financial statements of TCL Technology, which shall include
      any company in which TCL Technology is directly or indirectly interested in not less than 20% of its issued
      share capital) who has a managerial role in the affiliated company, whom the Board in its sole discretion
      considers may contribute or have contributed to the Group.

      By a Shareholders’ resolution passed in the EGM held on 11 August 2015, the Award Scheme was amended.
      Details of the Award Scheme and the amendments were set out in the Company’s announcements dated
      6 February 2008 and 25 June 2015 respectively and the circulars dated 19 March 2008 and 27 July 2015
      respectively. On 13 June 2016, the Board further resolved to amend the Award Scheme to allow the Board, at
      its sole and absolute discretion, to accelerate the vesting of awarded Shares and/or waive and/or alter any or
      all of the vesting conditions attached to the awarded Shares. On 24 November 2017, the Board resolved to,
      among others, divide the Award Scheme into two sub-schemes, namely the Restricted Share Award Scheme
      for Management and the Restricted Share Award Scheme for Employees and Others respectively for the said
      two groups of participants for better management and administration (“2017 Amendments”).

      On 4 May 2018, the Board further resolved to, among others, introduce a refreshment mechanism that
      allowed for refreshment of the scheme limit subject to fulfilment of certain conditions, as well as an annual
      specific mandate be granted to the Directors, subject to Shareholders’ approval, to allot and issue new
      Shares under the Award Scheme for not exceeding 3% of the number of Shares in issue as at the date
      on which the resolution was passed, and make other consequential amendments to the Award Scheme
      (collectively “2018 Amendments”). For further details of the 2017 Amendments and the 2018 Amendments,
      please refer to the circular of the Company dated 7 May 2018. On 23 May 2018, ordinary resolutions
      were passed by the Shareholders to approve, among others, the amended Award Scheme with the 2018
      Amendments incorporated.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   109

                                                                           Report of the Directors




Unless specifically approved by the Shareholders, the maximum number of Shares which may be awarded
to (i.e. the maximum entitlement of) any participant in any 12-month period under the Award Scheme shall
not exceed 1% of the number of issued Shares as at 11 August 2015 or the latest date on which the Board
approved the refreshment of scheme limit (“New Approval Date”) (as the case may be), excluding all the
Shares awarded under the Award Scheme up to 11 August 2015 or the latest New Approval Date (as the case
may be). The Award Scheme does not specify any vesting period. The Board has the authority to determine,
among other things, the vesting conditions, the vesting period and schedule, the number and form of awarded
Shares, the terms and conditions for each grant awarded Shares, and the period for acceptance of grant.
In general, no amount is payable on acceptance of grant of awarded Shares under the Award Scheme. The
Trustee of the Award Scheme shall purchase Shares from the market for grant of awarded Shares at prevailing
market price.


On 18 May 2021, the Company granted (i) a total of 42,054,488 awarded Shares being new Shares under the
specific mandate approved by the Shareholders at the AGM of the Company held on 2 June 2020 for issuance
and allotment of new Shares pursuant to the Award Scheme (“2021 New Shares Grant”); and (ii) a total of
72,417,732 awarded Shares being existing shares pursuant to the terms of the Award Scheme. For details,
please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19 May 2021. On 27 April 2022, the Company
allotted and issued 15,497,430 ordinary Shares pursuant to awards granted in the form of new Shares on 18
May 2021 under the Award Scheme.


As at 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022, the maximum number of awarded Shares (whether in the form
of new Shares or existing Shares) available for grant under the Award Scheme (i.e. the scheme limit) were
both 118,757,710 (representing approximately 4.79% and 4.75% of the total number of issued Shares as
at 1 January and 31 December 2022, respectively). As at 1 January 2022, the number of new Shares which
could be issued under the then specific mandate was 74,102,002 (representing approximately 2.99% of the
total number of issued Shares as at 1 January 2022).


The current specific mandate for the issuance and allotment of new Shares pursuant to the Award Scheme
was approved by the Shareholders at the AGM held on 17 June 2022. As at 17 June 2022, the total number
of issued Shares was 2,495,495,667 and the maximum number of new Shares which could be issued under
the said specific mandate as approved was therefore 74,864,870. No Shares had been awarded under
the said specific mandate up to 31 December 2022. Accordingly, as at 31 December 2022, an aggregate
of 74,864,870 Shares can be issued under the Award Scheme (representing approximately 2.99% of the
total number of issued Shares as at 31 December 2022). The said specific mandate has expired upon the
expiration of the Award Scheme on 5 February 2023. Accordingly, as at the date of this annual report, save
for those new Shares to be issued and allotted upon vesting pursuant to the terms of the 2021 New Shares
Grant which was made under the specific mandate approved by the Shareholders at the AGM of the Company
held on 2 June 2020, no new Shares are available for issue under the Award Scheme.
110   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      The Company has appointed the Trustee for the administration of the Award Scheme. To the knowledge
      and belief of the Company, the Trustee is an independent third party to the Company. No one, including the
      Trustee, may exercise any voting rights in respect of the awarded Shares held by the Trustee. During the year
      ended 31 December 2022, the Trustee acquired 16,827,000 Shares from market for future vesting purpose.


      The trust for management and the trust for employees and other details are set out in note 36 to the financial
      statements.


      The following awarded Shares were outstanding during the year:

                                                                                                                                                                               Share closing       Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                       price        average
                                                                                                                                                                                immediately    share closing
                                                                                                                                                   Share closing                      before           price
                                                                       Number of awarded Shares                                          Date of    price on the    Vesting      the date of    immediately
       Name or                             At                   Granted           Vested          Cancelled    Lapsed             At    grant of   date of grant   period of        grant of          before
       category of                  1 January                     during           during            during     during   31 December    awarded      of awarded    awarded          awarded      the vesting
       participants                     2022 Reclassification   the year         the year#         the year   the year          2022     Shares           Shares     Shares          Shares            dates
                                                                                                                                                            HK$                         HK$             HK$

       Directors
       Executive Director
       YAN Xiaolin                      7,463              –          –           (7,463)                 –         –              –   23-Jan-18           4.02      Note 1            3.91            4.08
                                    3,388,174              –          –       (1,355,270)                 –         –      2,032,904   18-May-21           5.21      Note 2            5.16            3.65

                                    3,395,637              –          –       (1,362,733)                 –         –      2,032,904

                                    3,395,637              –          –       (1,362,733)                 –         –      2,032,904

       Non-executive Directors
       WANG Cheng                     275,677              –          –         (275,677)                 –         –              –   23-Jan-18           4.02      Note 1            3.91            4.08
                                    7,349,613              –          –       (2,939,845)                 –         –      4,409,768   18-May-21           5.21      Note 2            5.16            3.65

                                    7,625,290              –          –       (3,215,522)                 –         –      4,409,768

       SUN Li                       2,428,562              –          –         (971,425)                 –         –      1,457,137   18-May-21           5.21      Note 2            5.16            3.65

                                    2,428,562              –          –         (971,425)                 –         –      1,457,137

       Albert Thomas DA ROSA,
         Junior*                        7,463              –          –           (7,463)                 –         –              –   23-Jan-18           4.02      Note 1            3.91            4.08

                                        7,463              –          –           (7,463)                 –         –              –

       Independent Non-executive
         Directors
       WANG Yijiang                     7,463              –          –           (7,463)                 –         –              –   23-Jan-18           4.02      Note 1            3.91            4.08

                                        7,463              –          –           (7,463)                 –         –              –

       LAU Siu Ki                       7,463              –          –           (7,463)                 –         –              –   23-Jan-18           4.02      Note 1            3.91            4.08

                                        7,463              –          –           (7,463)                 –         –              –

       Robert Maarten
         WESTERHOF**                    7,463              –          –           (7,463)                 –         –              –   23-Jan-18           4.02      Note 1            3.91            4.08

                                        7,463              –          –           (7,463)                 –         –              –

                                   10,083,704              –          –       (4,216,799)                 –         –      5,866,905
                                                                                                                TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                             111

                                                                                                                                                     Report of the Directors




                                                                                                                                                                                  Share closing       Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                          price        average
                                                                                                                                                                                   immediately    share closing
                                                                                                                                                      Share closing                      before           price
                                                                         Number of awarded Shares                                          Date of     price on the    Vesting      the date of    immediately
    Name or                                  At                   Granted           Vested          Cancelled    Lapsed             At    grant of    date of grant   period of        grant of          before
    category of                       1 January                     during           during            during     during   31 December    awarded       of awarded    awarded          awarded      the vesting
    participants                          2022 Reclassification   the year         the year#         the year   the year          2022     Shares            Shares     Shares          Shares            dates
                                                                                                                                                               HK$                         HK$             HK$

    Chief executive
    ZHANG Shaoyong                      73,514               –          –          (73,514)                 –         –              –   23-Jan-18            4.02      Note 1            3.91            4.08
                                     4,899,742               –          –       (1,959,897)                 –         –      2,939,845   18-May-21            5.21      Note 2            5.16            3.65

                                     4,973,256               –          –       (2,033,411)                 –         –      2,939,845

    Other employees of the Group     2,524,818               –          –       (2,524,818)                 –         –              –   23-Jan-18            4.02      Note 1            3.91            4.08
                                    79,373,404               –          –      (27,949,050)                 –   (27,003)    51,397,351   18-May-21            5.21      Note 2            5.16            3.65

                                    81,898,222               –          –      (30,473,868)                 –   (27,003)    51,397,351

    Employees of TCL Holdings
     and fellow subsidiaries and
     associated companies of            67,543               –          –          (67,543)                 –         –              –   23-Jan-18            4.02      Note 1            3.91            4.08
     the Company                     2,598,954               –          –         (924,352)                 –         –      1,674,602   18-May-21            5.21      Note 2            5.16            3.65

                                     2,666,497               –          –         (991,895)                 –         –      1,674,602

    Others                             803,054                                    (803,054)                                          –   23-Jan-18            4.02      Note 1            3.91            4.08
                                    13,565,971                                  (5,426,389)                                  8,139,582   18-May-21            5.21      Note 2            5.16            3.65

                                    14,369,025               –          –       (6,229,443)                 –         –      8,139,582

                                   117,386,341               –          –      (45,308,149)                 –   (27,003)    72,051,189


Note 1                 Approximately one-sixth of such awarded Shares were vested on 18 May 2019, approximately one-sixth were
                       vested on 9 January 2020, approximately one-sixth were vested on 18 May 2020, approximately one-sixth were
                       vested on 9 January 2021, a further approximately one-sixth were vested on 18 May 2021 and the remaining
                       approximately one-sixth were vested on 9 January 2022.

Note 2                 For awarded Shares granted in view of the achievement of performance targets for 2017 to 2020, approximately
                       40% of such awarded Shares were vested on 20 June 2022, a further approximately 30% are scheduled to be
                       vested on 20 June 2023, and the remaining approximately 30% are scheduled to be vested on 20 June 2024.
                       For awarded Shares granted in view of the achievement of performance targets for 2021, approximately 40% of
                       such awarded Shares are scheduled to be vested on 20 June 2023, a further approximately 30% are scheduled
                       to be vested on 20 June 2024, and the remaining approximately 30% are scheduled to be vested on 20 June
                       2025. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19 May 2021.

Note 3                 The purchase price (being the price payable by a grantee to purchase the awarded Shares) of all awarded Shares
                       disclosed in the above table is nil.

*                      Mr. Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior retired as a non-executive Director with effect from 17 June 2022.

**                     Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF retired as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 17 June 2022.

#
                       The awarded Shares vested during the year set out in the above table represent the awarded Shares underlying
                       such awards of which the relevant vesting conditions have been fulfilled, i.e. such awarded Shares which the
                       grantees are entitled to vest upon them, during the year in accordance with the vesting schedule. Yet, under the
                       rules of the Award Scheme, out of the aforesaid awarded Shares, certain awarded Shares may be deducted by the
                       Company for paying relevant withholding tax for and on behalf of the relevant grantee, if any and where applicable,
                       and accordingly, the final number of awarded Shares, net of tax (if any), actually vested upon and received by a
                       particular grantee during the year may be less than the figures shown in this column.
112   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company has not granted any share options under the Share
      Option Scheme or awarded Shares under the Award Scheme. As disclosed above, as at 1 January 2022, an
      aggregate of 48,575,801 share options of the Company and 41,186,688 awarded Shares (being granted in
      the form of new Shares) were outstanding/unvested and hence in 2022, an aggregate of 89,762,489 Shares
      may be issued out of the aforesaid outstanding/unvested share options and awarded Shares (being granted
      in the form of new Shares) granted under the Share Option Scheme and Award Scheme of the Company
      (representing approximately 3.72% of the weighted average number of Shares in issue for the year ended 31
      December 2022).

      During the year ended 31 December 2022, a total of 19,820,795 Shares were issued, 4,323,365 of which
      were issued to option holders who exercised their share options granted under the Share Option Scheme,
      whilst 15,497,430 of which were issued as awarded Shares under 2021 New Shares Grant pursuant to the
      Award Scheme.


      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
      During the year, the Group entered into a number of connected transactions and continuing connected
      transactions with its connected persons including (i) TCL Holdings (being the ultimate controlling shareholder
      of the Company), its subsidiaries and its associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) and (ii) Tencent Holdings
      Limited (a connected person at the subsidiary level as one of Tencent Holdings Limited’s wholly-owned
      subsidiaries held approximately 16.67% of Falcon Network Technology as at 31 December 2022) and its
      subsidiaries (collectively “Tencent Group”).

      The Group entered into the following connected transaction (other than connected transactions that are
      exempted under Rule 14A.73 of the Listing Rules) during the year ended 31 December 2022:

      (a)   On 13 May 2022 (after trading hours), TCL Electronics (Huizhou), an indirect subsidiary of the Company,
            entered into an acquisition agreement with T.C.L. Industries (H.K.), pursuant to which T.C.L. Industries
            (H.K.) conditionally agreed to sell, and TCL Electronics (Huizhou) conditionally agreed to acquire,
            100% of the equity interest in and of TCL Digital Technology (Shenzhen) at the cash consideration of
            approximately RMB116,031,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$136,731,000). The transaction was
            completed in May 2022. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 13 May
            2022.

      The Group carried out the following continuing connected transactions (other than continuing connected
      transactions that are fully exempted under Rule 14A.73 of the Listing Rules) during the year ended 31
      December 2022:

      (a)   Pursuant to the Internet TV Cooperation Agreement dated 7 March 2017 (as supplemented and/or
            amended from time to time) entered into between the Company and Tencent Computer, the Group
            (i) paid service fees to Tencent Computer for video-on-demand online services provided to the Group
            amounting to HK$303,623,000; (ii) procured resources on Tencent platform from Tencent Computer
            amounting to HK$1,709,000; (iii) received TV commercials income from Tencent Computer amounting
            to HK$72,761,000; (iv) received online membership income from Tencent Computer amounting to
            HK$15,041,000; and (v) received value-added services income from Tencent Computer amounting to
            HK$19,642,000 during the year. Further details of the Internet TV Cooperation Agreement are set out
            in the announcement of the Company dated 22 June 2020.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    113

                                                                              Report of the Directors




(b)   Pursuant to the Master Sale and Purchase (2022-2024) Agreement dated 11 November 2021 entered
      into between the Company and TCL Holdings, the Group (i) purchased TCL Associates Products (as
      defined in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021) from TCL Holdings and its
      various associates amounting to HK$6,374,601,000; and (ii) sold Electronics Products (as defined
      in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021) to TCL Holdings and its various
      associates amounting to HK$8,265,125,000 during the year. Further details of the Master Sale and
      Purchase (2022-2024) Agreement are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November
      2021 and the circular of the Company dated 22 November 2021.


(c)   Pursuant to the Master Services (2022-2024) Agreement dated 11 November 2021 entered into
      between the Company and TCL Holdings, the Group (i) paid service fees to TCL Holdings and its various
      associates amounting to HK$1,052,036,000; and (ii) received service fees from TCL Holdings and
      its various associates amounting to HK$162,374,000 during the year. Further details of the Master
      Services (2022-2024) Agreement are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November
      2021 and the circular of the Company dated 22 November 2021.


(d)   Pursuant to the Master Brand Promotion (2022-2024) Agreement dated 11 November 2021 entered
      into between the Company and TCL Holdings, the Group shall pay brand promotion fees to TCL Holdings
      for setting up and/or maintaining promotion fund(s) for advertisement, promotion, management and
      maintenance of TCL Brand (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November
      2021) and/or TCL Holdings Brand (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 11
      November 2021). During the year, the Group paid brand promotion fee to TCL Holdings amounting to
      HK$387,433,000. Further details of the Master Brand Promotion (2022-2024) Agreement are set out
      in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021 and the circular of the Company dated
      22 November 2021.


(e)   Pursuant to the Master Financial (2022-2024) Agreement dated 11 November 2021 entered into among
      the Company, TCL Holdings and Finance Company (HK) (a subsidiary of TCL Holdings), (i) the maximum
      outstanding daily balances of deposits (including interest receivables in respect of these deposits and
      deposits as security) placed by TCL Electronics Qualified Members (as defined in the announcement
      of the Company dated 11 November 2021) with Finance Company (HK) and/or TCL Holdings Financial
      Services Associates (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021)
      amounted to HK$2,252,750,000; (ii) the maximum daily balances of outstanding loans (including
      interest receivables in respect of those loans) provided by the Group to the Qualified Holdings
      Group (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021) amounted to
      HK$4,120,737,000; (iii) the facility limit (including interest and handling fees) provided by TCL Holdings
      Financial Services Associates to TCL Electronics Qualified Members amounted to HK$178,291,000; (iv)
      the maximum daily balance of value of security provided by TCL Electronics Qualified Members to TCL
      Holdings Financial Services Associates for Financing Services (as defined in the announcement dated
      11 November 2021) amounted to HK$178,291,000; and (v) foreign exchange transactions entered
      into between the Group and Finance Company (HK) and/or TCL Holdings Financial Services Associates
      amounted to HK$5,559,207,000 during the year. Further details of the Master Financial (2022-2024)
      Agreement are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021 and the circular
      of the Company dated 22 November 2021.
114   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      (f)   Pursuant to the Master Rental (2022-2024) Agreement dated 11 November 2021 entered into between
            the Company and TCL Holdings, during the year, (i) the Group received rental/license income from
            TCL Holdings and its associates amounting to HK$11,857,000; (ii) the Group paid rental/license
            cost to TCL Holdings and its associates amounting to HK$11,662,000; and (iii) the total maximum
            value of the right-of-use assets for TCL Holdings and its associates leased to the Group amounted
            to HK$111,716,000. Further details of the Master Rental (2022-2024) Agreement are set out in the
            announcement of the Company dated 11 November 2021.


      (g)   Pursuant to the Master Finance Lease (2022) Agreement dated 16 May 2022 entered into among
            the Company, TCL Holdings and TCL Finance Lease (Zhuhai) (a subsidiary of TCL Holdings), and in
            aggregate with the Pilot Scheme (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 16 May
            2022), during the period from 1 January 2022 to 28 September 2022, (i) the Group had entered into
            individual agreements for sale of leased assets to TCL Holdings and its associates for contractual sum
            of HK$401,424,000 receivable pending completion of the transactions, out of which HK$48,300,000
            was received for transactions completed during the said period; (ii) the Group did not have aggregate
            actual amount paid under the guarantee arrangement; and (iii) the maximum outstanding balance of
            security deposits paid by the Group to TCL Holdings and its associates amounted to HK$3,096,000.
            Further details of the Master Finance Lease (2022) Agreement are set out in the announcement of the
            Company dated 16 May 2022.


      (h)   Pursuant to the Master Photovoltaic Power Construction Services (2022) Agreement dated 16 May
            2022 entered into between the Company and TCL Holdings, during the period from 16 May 2022 to
            28 September 2022, the Group (i) received construction services income from TCL Holdings and its
            various associates amounting to HK$36,617,000; and (ii) received operation and maintenance services
            income from TCL Holdings and its various associates amounting to HK$190,000. Further details of the
            Master Photovoltaic Power Construction Services (2022) Agreement are set out in the announcement of
            the Company dated 16 May 2022.


      (i)   Pursuant to the Master Finance Lease (2022-2024) Agreement dated 26 August 2022 entered into
            among the Company, TCL Holdings and TCL Finance Lease (Zhuhai) (a subsidiary of TCL Holdings), and
            in aggregate with the Pilot Scheme (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated 16 May
            2022) and the Master Finance Lease (2022) Agreement dated 16 May 2022, (i) the Group had during
            the financial year ended 31 December 2022 entered into individual agreements for sale of leased
            assets to TCL Holdings and its associates for contractual sum of HK$460,872,000 receivable pending
            completion of the transactions, out of which HK$178,857,000 was received for transactions completed
            during the said financial year; (ii) the Group did not have aggregate actual amount paid under the
            guarantee arrangement; and (iii) the maximum outstanding balance of security deposits paid by the
            Group to TCL Holdings and its associates amounted to HK$13,770,000 during the year. Further details
            of the Master Finance Lease (2022-2024) Agreement are set out in the announcement of the Company
            dated 26 August 2022 and the circular of the Company dated 8 September 2022.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    115

                                                                              Report of the Directors




(j)   Pursuant to the Master Photovoltaic Power Construction Services (2022-2024) Agreement dated 26
      August 2022 entered into between the Company and TCL Holdings, the Group (i) received construction
      services income from TCL Holdings and its various associates amounting to HK105,465,000; and (ii)
      received operation and maintenance services income from TCL Holdings and its various associates
      amounting to HK$331,000 during the year. Further details of the Master Photovoltaic Power
      Construction Services (2022-2024) Agreement are set out in the announcement of the Company dated
      26 August 2022 and the circular of the Company dated 8 September 2022.


(k)   Pursuant to the Internet TV Cooperation (2022-2024) Framework Agreement dated 28 October
      2022 entered into between the Company and Tencent Computer, during the financial year ended
      31 December 2022, the Group (i) received aggregate income from Tencent Computer amounting to
      HK$71,504,000; and (ii) paid aggregate fees to Tencent Computer amounting to HK$374,786,000.
      Further details of the Internet TV Cooperation (2022-2024) Framework Agreement are set out in the
      announcement of the Company dated 28 October 2022.


(l)   Pursuant to the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement dated 23 July 2019 (as supplemented and
      amended from time to time) entered into between Falcon Network Technology and the OPCO, the OPCO
      Group (as defined in page 117 of this annual report) shall engage Falcon Network Technology on an
      exclusive basis to provide business support, technical services, consulting services and other services,
      including but not limited to technical services, network support, business consultation, intellectual
      property licensing, leasing of equipment, market consultation, system integration, product research and
      development, system maintenance and other related services from time to time in accordance with the
      PRC Laws. The OPCO Group shall pay, on a quarterly basis, to Falcon Network Technology a service fee
      that is set by Falcon Network Technology and stated in the invoice issued by Falcon Network Technology
      to the OPCO Group having taking into account the workload and commercial value of the services
      provided by Falcon Network Technology to the OPCO Group, and the service fee shall be equivalent
      to all profits generated by the OPCO Group, after deducting relevant costs, expenses and taxes , and
      subject to adjustment by Falcon Network Technology. The Group received service fee amounting to
      HK$349,809,000 from the OPCO Group during the year ended 31 December 2022. After deducting all
      costs and expenses including the aforesaid service fee paid, the net profit of OPCO and the OPCO
      Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to HK$21,579,000 and HK$17,340,000
      respectively, and such profit has been retained in the OPCO Group to facilitate its future development.
      No dividends or other distributions have been made by the OPCO Group to the PRC Equity Owners which
      are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group. Further details of the Exclusive
      Business Cooperation Agreement are set out in the VIE Announcement and the section “VIE Structure”
      below.


The Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


All the related parties transactions set out in note 45 to the financial statements (except for the transactions
with joint ventures and associates of the Group, addition of right-of-use assets, deprecation of right-of-
use assets, interest expense on lease liabilities and transactions with TCL Technology and/or companies
controlled by TCL Technology included in note 45 to the financial statements) constitute connected
transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and the
Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
116   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed that the above-mentioned continuing connected
      transactions, and confirmed that such continuing connected transactions were entered into: (i) in the ordinary
      and usual course of the Group’s business; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) in accordance
      with the terms of the respective agreements governing such transactions on terms that were fair and
      reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.


      The Company’s auditor, Messrs. Ernst & Young, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected
      transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance
      Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with reference to Practice
      Note 740 Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by
      the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Messrs. Ernst & Young have issued their unqualified
      letter containing their findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed
      above by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditors’ letter has
      been provided by the Company to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Messrs. Ernst & Young have confirmed in
      the letter to the Board that, with respect to the aforesaid continuing connected transactions carried out during
      the year ended 31 December 2022, (i) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that
      the disclosed continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Board; (ii) for transactions
      involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that causes
      them to believe that the continuing connected transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance
      with the pricing policies of the Group; (iii) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that
      the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements
      governing such transactions; and (iv) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that
      such continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual caps as set by the Company.


      VIE Structure
      Reference is made to the VIE Announcement. Unless otherwise defined, all capitalised terms and
      abbreviations under this section shall have the same meanings as those defined in the VIE Announcement.


      On 23 July 2019, Falcon Network Technology entered into the VIE Agreements with the OPCO and/or the PRC
      Equity Owners and/or their spouses. Through the VIE Agreements, Falcon Network Technology has effective
      control over the finance and operation of the OPCO and enjoys the entire economic interests and benefits
      generated by the OPCO. Upon the entering into of the VIE Agreements, the financial results of the OPCO have
      been consolidated into the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the OPCO has become an
      indirect subsidiary of the Company. The Company has applied for, and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange has
      granted, a waiver pursuant to Rule 14A.102 of the Listing Rules from (i) setting a fixed term for each of the
      VIE Agreements pursuant to Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, and (ii) setting a maximum aggregate annual
      cap pursuant to Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules for the services fees payable by the OPCO to Falcon Network
      Technology under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   117

                                                                             Report of the Directors




Particulars of the OPCO and major terms of the VIE Agreements
For the particulars of the OPCO, as well as a summary of the major terms of the VIE Agreements, please
refer to the VIE Announcement. The OPCO did not have any subsidiary when the VIE Agreements were entered
into. In order to make it clear that the provisions in the VIE Agreements applicable to the OPCO are equally
applicable to any subsidiary of the OPCO so as to better protect the interest of the Company in the OPCO and
its subsidiaries from time to time (collectively the “OPCO Group”), and to ensure that the Company (through
Falcon Network Technology) will have effective control over the finance and operation of the OPCO Group
and enjoy the entire economic interests and benefits generated by the OPCO Group, on 20 January 2022, a
supplemental agreement has been entered into between Falcon Network Technology and the OPCO, pursuant
to which the provisions of the VIE Agreement are confined to be equally applicable to the entire OPCO
Group. Save as aforementioned, for the year ended 31 December 2022, there was no material change in the
particulars of the OPCO, the VIE Structure and/or the circumstances under which they were adopted, and
none of the VIE Agreements has been unwound as none of the restrictions that led to the adoption of the VIE
Structure has been removed.


The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the VIE Agreements (including the aforementioned
supplemental agreement) and confirmed for the year ended 31 December 2022 that: (i) the transactions
carried out during the year have been entered into in accordance with the relevant provisions of the VIE
Agreements, and have been operated so that the profit generated by the OPCO Group has been substantially
retained by the Group; (ii) no dividends or other distributions have been made by the OPCO Group to the PRC
Equity Owners which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group; and (iii) any new
contracts entered into, renewed or reproduced between the Group and the OPCO during the relevant financial
period are fair and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far as the Group is concerned and in
the interests of the Shareholders as a whole. To this extent, save as disclosed above, no new VIE agreements
or contractual arrangements were entered into between the Group and the OPCO during the year ended 31
December 2022.


The Company’s auditor has carried out review procedures for the year ended 31 December 2022 on the
transactions carried out pursuant to the VIE Agreements (including the aforementioned supplemental
agreement) and has confirmed that the transactions have received the approval of the Directors, have been
entered into in accordance with the relevant VIE Agreements and that no dividends or other distributions have
been made by the OPCO Group to the PRC Equity Owners which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or
transferred to the Group.


Whilst the operations of the OPCO Group in aggregate were not considered to be material to the Group as at
31 December 2022, for the purpose of good corporate governance, the information regarding the OPCO Group
for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out below:
118   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      Financial information, business activities of the OPCO and their
      significance to the Group
      For the year ended 31 December 2022, the major business activities of the OPCO Group were to conduct
      valued-added telecommunications business and internet cultural business in the PRC (i.e. the Subject
      Business). As at 31 December 2022, the registered owners of the OPCO were Mr. WANG Hao and Ms.
      ZHU Xiaojiang, and each of them respectively owned 50% equity interests of the OPCO. The OPCO Group’s
      significance to the Group is that it holds relevant licences to provide valued-added telecommunications
      business and Internet cultural business in the PRC. The revenue of the OPCO Group amounted to
      approximately HK$1,107,022,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022, whilst the net asset value of the
      OPCO Group was approximately HK$62,456,000 as at 31 December 2022.


      Reasons for adopting the VIE Structure
      The primary purpose for the Group to adopt the VIE Structure was to enable the Group to engage in the value-
      added telecommunications business and internet cultural business in the PRC, thereby deepening the Group’s
      reach to those business segments as well as widening the Group’s customer base. Nevertheless, pursuant
      to various laws and regulations of the PRC currently in force, the value-added telecommunications business
      and internet cultural business operated by the OPCO Group are regarded as restricted foreign investment
      business. As a foreign owned enterprise, Falcon Network Technology is not entitled to obtain licences to
      provide value-added telecommunications business and internet cultural business in the PRC. In order to
      comply with the PRC laws, the VIE Agreements were entered into among Falcon Network Technology, the
      OPCO and the PRC Equity Owners. Through the VIE Agreements (including the aforementioned supplemental
      agreement), Falcon Network Technology will have effective control over the finance and operation of the OPCO
      Group and will enjoy the entire economic interests and benefits generated by the OPCO Group despite the lack
      of registered equity ownership.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   119

                                                                               Report of the Directors




Risk factors and mitigation actions in relation to the VIE Structure
The risk factors and mitigation actions in relation to the VIE Structure are summarised below. Please also
refer to the VIE Announcement for more details.


As the primary beneficiary of the OPCO Group, the Group will bear economic risks which may arise from
difficulties in the operation of their businesses. Falcon Network Technology will have to provide financial
support in the event of financial difficulty of the OPCO Group. Under these circumstances, the Group’s
financial results and financial position may be adversely affected by the worsening financial performance of
the OPCO Group and the need to provide financial support to the OPCO Group. Since the Group conducts
business through the OPCO Group and the financial results of the OPCO Group are consolidated into the
financial statements of the Group, any losses suffered by the OPCO Group would be reflected in the Group’s
consolidated financial statements and the Group’s consolidated financial position such as the consolidated
earnings and profits will be adversely affected.


Moreover, there is no assurance that the VIE Agreements could comply with future changes in the regulatory
requirements in the PRC and the PRC government may determine that the VIE Agreements do not comply
with applicable regulations. The VIE Agreements may also not be as effective as direct ownership in providing
control over the OPCO Group, especially in the event there was conflict of interests between the Group and
the PRC Equity Owners. There may be limitations in acquiring ownership in the equity interests of the OPCO
Group by the Group.


Further, certain terms of the VIE Agreements may not be enforceable under the PRC laws. The PRC
government may determine that the VIE Agreements do not comply with the applicable regulations. The VIE
Agreements may also be subject to scrutiny of the PRC tax authorities and additional tax may be imposed.
Up to 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any insurance which covers the risks relating to the VIE
Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereunder.


In order to mitigate the aforementioned risks, as well as to safeguard the assets of the OPCO Group, the VIE
Agreements provided that the PRC Equity Owners shall not sell, transfer, mortgage or otherwise dispose of
any of their interests in the OPCO Group or be allowed to create any encumbrances on them without the prior
written consent of Falcon Network Technology. Moreover, Falcon Network Technology has the right to request
for the OPCO Group’s financial information to ascertain its consolidated profit before tax from time to time.


In addition, as internal control measures, the seals, chops, incorporation documents of the OPCO Group are
kept at the office of Falcon Network Technology to the extent permitted by the PRC laws. Falcon Network
Technology is involved in assessing material financial matters, as well as making corporate strategy, business
plan and budgets of the OPCO Group. Terms of appointment of senior management of the OPCO Group are
also subject to review by Falcon Network Technology.
120   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Report of the Directors




      The adoption of the VIE Structure was not related to any requirements other than the foreign ownership
      restriction in the PRC. As at 31 December 2022, as advised by the PRC legal advisers to the Company, the
      VIE Structure did not contravene the prevailing laws and regulations in the PRC, and the VIE Agreements
      were binding on each of the contracting party save as disclosed in the VIE Announcement. The Company will
      monitor the relevant PRC laws and regulations relevant to the VIE Structure and will take all necessary actions
      to protect the Company’s interest in the OPCO Group.


      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
      Details of the Group’s corporate governance practices can be found in the Corporate Governance Report
      contained on pages 48 to 83 in this annual report.


      MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
      OF THE COMPANY
      The Company has adopted a model code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors on terms
      no less exacting than the required standard as set out in the Model Code. Specific enquiries have been made
      with all Directors and all of them have confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out
      in the Model Code and the Company’s code of conduct regarding Directors’ securities transactions during the
      year ended 31 December 2022.


      SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
      Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, at
      least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public as at 21 April 2023, the latest
      practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.


      AUDIT COMMITTEE
      The Company has an audit committee for the purposes of reviewing and providing supervision over the
      Group’s financial reporting process and internal controls.


      AUDITOR
      Ernst & Young will retire and, being eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment as auditor of the Company at
      the forthcoming AGM.


      EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
      Other than the Share Option Schemes and the Award Scheme as disclosed above and in note 36 to the
      financial statements respectively and the grant letters issued pursuant to the schemes, no equity-linked
      agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares or that require the Company to enter into
      any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares were entered into by the Company
      during the year or subsisted at the end of the year.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    121

                                                                                Report of the Directors




PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Articles provides that the Directors shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company from and
against all losses or liabilities which they incur or sustain as a Director in defending any proceedings, whether
civil or criminal, in which judgement is given in his/her favour, or in which he/she is acquitted.


The Company has taken out and maintained Directors’ liability insurance which provides aforesaid indemnities
with appropriate cover for the Directors and directors of the subsidiaries of the Company. The permitted
indemnity provisions (within the meaning in section 469 of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance) contained in the
Articles and the Directors' liability insurance were in force during the financial year ended 31 December 2022
and as at the date of this annual report.




ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD
DU Juan
Chairperson


Hong Kong
10 March 2023
122   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Independent Auditor’s Report




      To the shareholders of TCL Electronics Holdings Limited
      (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


      Opinion
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of TCL Electronics Holdings Limited (the "Company”)
      and its subsidiaries (the "Group”) set out on pages 128 to 299, which comprise the consolidated statement
      of financial position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
      comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of
      cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary
      of significant accounting policies.


      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
      position of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
      consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
      (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been
      properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


      Basis for opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
      HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
      the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
      accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the "Code”), and we have fulfilled
      our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
      obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


      Key audit matters
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
      audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
      context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
      and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how
      our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022      123

                                                                            Independent Auditor’s Report




We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit
included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including
the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.


  Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter
  Impairment of goodwill
  As at 31 December 2022, the Group had goodwill            Our audit procedures included the following:
  of HK$3,195,180,000, representing approximately
  28% of the total non-current assets of the Group.         • we evaluated the methodologies, assumptions
                                                              and parameters used by management, in
  The determination of the recoverable amount,                particular those relating to the budgeted
  being the higher of fair value less costs of                revenue/gross margins, growth rates and pre-
  disposal and value-in-use, requires judgement on            tax discount rates, by comparing the cash
  the part of management in both identifying and              flow forecast to historical trend analyses and
  then valuing the relevant cash-generating unit              referring to the industry discount rate;
  (“CGU”). Recoverable amounts were based on
  management’s estimates of variables such as               • we assessed the historical results of
  budgeted revenue/gross margins, growth rates and            management’s estimates and evaluation of
  the most appropriate discount rates.                        business plans by referring to the market
                                                              situation as at 31 December 2022;
  The accounting policies and disclosures in respect
  of goodwill are included in notes 2.4, 3 and 17 to        • we evaluated the sensitivity analysis performed
  the Group’s consolidated financial statements.              by management in respect of the growth rates
                                                              and pre-tax discount rates to assess the extent
                                                              of impact on the calculations of the value-in-
                                                              use;

                                                            • we involved our internal valuation expert
                                                              to assist us with our assessment of the
                                                              methodology and the discount rate used to
                                                              determine the recoverable amounts; and

                                                            • we assessed the disclosures made in the
                                                              Group’s consolidated financial statements.
124   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Independent Auditor’s Report




        Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter
        Impairment assessment of trade and other receivables

        As at 31 December 2022, the Group had                   In evaluating management’s impairment
                                                                assessment, our audit procedures included the
        trade receivables and other receivables of
                                                                following:
        HK$10,935,081,000 and HK$6,213,370,000,
        respectively, representing approximately 25%            • we assessed the methodologies, assumptions
        and 14% of the current assets of the Group,               and estimates used by management, checked
                                                                  historical repayment pattern and identified any
        respectively.
                                                                  events of default or disputes with the debtors;

        Management develops expected credit loss models         • we evaluated the data inputs by management
        (“ECL”) to assess the impairment allowance for            which included the ageing of trade and other
                                                                  receivables as at 31 December 2022 and
        trade and other receivables at the end of each
                                                                  historical observed loss rates; and
        reporting period. The ECL model of trade and other
        receivables involves judgement and subjective           • we assessed the disclosures made in the
        estimations such as the staging, groupings of the         Group’s consolidated financial statements.

        debtor segments and estimated loss rates.


        The accounting policies and disclosures in respect
        of trade and other receivables are included in
        notes 2.4, 3, 23, 25 and 47 to the Group’s
        consolidated financial statements.


      Other information included in the Annual Report
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
      information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
      report thereon.


      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
      express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
      information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
      consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
      misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of
      this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   125

                                                                           Independent Auditor’s Report




Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for
assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either
intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not
assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.
126   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Independent Auditor’s Report




      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
      scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


      •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
            whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and
            obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of
            not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
            as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
            internal control.


      •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
            that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
            effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


      •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
            estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


      •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
            based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
            conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
            conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
            the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
            to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
            auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
            going concern.


      •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
            including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
            transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


      •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
            business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
            We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
            responsible for our audit opinion.
                                                             TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022      127

                                                                             Independent Auditor’s Report




We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Tjen, Michael.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
10 March 2023
128   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

      Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                            2022           2021
                                                              Notes      HK$’000        HK$’000


       REVENUE                                                 5      71,351,415     74,846,888


       Cost of sales                                                  (58,239,832)   (62,312,579)


       Gross profit                                                   13,111,583     12,534,309

       Other income and gains                                  5        3,140,951      3,029,028
       Selling and distribution expenses                               (7,401,415)    (7,043,046)
       Administrative expenses                                         (4,428,643)    (4,222,634)
       Research and development costs                                  (2,531,283)    (2,480,566)
       Other operating expenses                                          (385,315)       (81,755)
       Impairment losses on financial assets, net                         (91,520)       (32,147)


                                                                       1,414,358      1,703,189
       Finance costs                                           6        (668,671)      (400,860)
       Share of profits and losses of:
         Joint ventures                                                   26,784            610
         Associates                                                       63,057        144,827


       PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                       7         835,528      1,447,766

       Income tax                                              11       (281,604)       (168,476)


       PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                               553,924      1,279,290
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   129

            Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                    2022             2021
                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be reclassified to profit or
  loss in subsequent periods:
  Cash flow hedge:
    Effective portion of changes in fair value
      of the hedging instruments arising during the year                           31,604         144,746
    Reclassification adjustments for gains included in the
      profit or loss                                                              (40,345)        (103,426)
    Income tax effect                                                              (1,456)           2,280


                                                                                  (10,197)          43,600


  Exchange differences:
    Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                  (1,756,071)        378,920
    Reclassification adjustments for foreign operations disposed
      of or liquidated during the year                                             (2,786)          16,736
    Reclassification adjustments for associates deemed partial disposed,
      partial disposed of, disposed of or liquidated during the year                 (234)          (7,769)


                                                                               (1,759,091)        387,887


  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income:
    Changes in fair value, net of income tax                                          642            5,677


Net other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods                                      (1,768,646)        437,164


Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Equity investments designated at fair value through
    other comprehensive income:
    Changes in fair value, net of income tax                                       31,478           10,953
  Share of other comprehensive income of associates and a joint venture            42,673           12,122
  Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations                               824                –


Net other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods                                             74,975           23,075
130   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

      Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                        2022             2021
                                                                         Note        HK$’000          HK$’000


       OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                  (1,693,671)        460,239


       TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                              (1,139,747)      1,739,529


       Profit for the year attributable to:
         Owners of the parent                                                        447,007        1,183,999
         Non-controlling interests                                                   106,917           95,291


                                                                                     553,924        1,279,290


       Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year attributable to:
         Owners of the parent                                                      (1,229,155)      1,638,822
         Non-controlling interests                                                    89,408          100,707


                                                                                   (1,139,747)      1,739,529


       EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
         EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                                    13


         Basic                                                                  HK18.53 cents    HK49.26 cents


         Diluted                                                                HK17.87 cents    HK47.50 cents
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   131

                                                        Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

                                                                                               31 December 2022




                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                      Notes         HK$’000          HK$’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                          14          2,738,647       3,061,005
Investment properties                                                  15            545,800         569,177
Right-of-use assets                                                   16(a)          992,237       1,079,530
Goodwill                                                               17          3,195,180       3,322,316
Other intangible assets                                                18          1,206,929       1,311,484
Investments in joint ventures                                          19            110,458          80,852
Investments in associates                                              20          1,558,882       1,600,929
Equity investments designated at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                   21            200,433         141,356
Deferred tax assets                                                    34            426,150         336,792
Other deferred assets                                                                567,197         179,210


Total non-current assets                                                         11,541,913       11,682,651


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                            22         9,837,314       13,555,596
Trade receivables                                                      23        10,935,081       11,697,726
Bills receivable                                                       24         2,219,329        1,901,694
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                        25         9,019,669        6,901,965
Tax recoverable                                                                     191,904          122,154
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  26         1,266,076        1,342,088
Derivative financial instruments                                       30           579,984          240,587
Restricted cash and pledged deposits                                   27           119,555          576,758
Cash and cash equivalents                                              27         9,390,941       11,509,166


                                                                                 43,559,853       47,847,734
Assets classified as held for sale                                     10             3,681            3,952


Total current assets                                                             43,563,534       47,851,686


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade payables                                                         28        14,086,945       15,826,244
Bills payable                                                                     4,859,890        3,599,248
Other payables and accruals                                            29        11,525,218       12,743,589
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                             32         4,433,624        6,387,292
Lease liabilities                                                     16(b)         153,915          140,820
Tax payable                                                                         175,716          116,231
Financial liability associated with put option                         31           160,667          121,370
Derivative financial instruments                                       30           134,214           34,782
Provisions                                                             33         1,007,542          971,448


Total current liabilities                                                        36,537,731       39,941,024
132   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

      31 December 2022




                                                                                        2022         2021
                                                                          Notes      HK$’000      HK$’000


       NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                           7,025,803    7,910,662


       TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                       18,567,716   19,593,313


       NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                          32       1,029,459     492,825
       Lease liabilities                                                  16(b)       255,826     319,684
       Deferred tax liabilities                                            34         327,879     341,846
       Other long-term payables                                                        76,896      48,715
       Derivative financial instruments                                       30            –      17,579


       Total non-current liabilities                                                1,690,060    1,220,649


       Net assets                                                                  16,877,656   18,372,664


       EQUITY
       Equity attributable to owners of the parent
       Issued capital                                                         35    2,499,780    2,479,959
       Reserves                                                               37   13,960,448   15,477,904


                                                                                   16,460,228   17,957,863

       Non-controlling interests                                                     417,428      414,801


       Total equity                                                                16,877,656   18,372,664




      DU Juan                                                 HU Dien Chien
      Director                                                Director
                                                                                                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                 133

                                                                                                                             Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                                                            Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                                                               Shares
                                                                      Share      Share                                 Cash flow Exchange                                     held for Awarded                                             Non-
                                                        Issued     premium      option Capital Reserve                     hedge fluctuation Put option               Other the Award       share Fair value    Retained             controlling       Total
                                                        capital     account reserve reserve                   funds reserve reserve reserve                         reserve Scheme reserve reserve                profits      Total interests        equity
                                                      HK$’000      HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000                                         HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000              HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000         HK$’000
                                                     (Note 35)    (Note 35) (Note 37(i)) (Note 37(i )) (Note 37(i i)) (Note 37(v))                                          (Note 36) (Note 37(iv))

    At 1 January 2022                                  2,479,959 4,906,432*      67,984* 344,750* 948,382*               1,417* 1,017,963* (110,584)* 120,662* (246,965)* 232,227*                     19,033* 8,176,603* 17,957,863     414,801 18,372,664
    Profit for the year                                        –         –            –        –        –                    –          –         –         –         –         –                           – 447,007 447,007            106,917 553,924
    Other comprehensive income/(loss) for
      the year:
      Cash flow hedge                                          –         –             –           –            –      (10,748)            –             –               –           –          –           –           –     (10,748)       551     (10,197)
      Exchange differences related to translation of
         foreign operations                                    –         –             –           –            –            – (1,738,008)               –               –           –          –           –           – (1,738,008)    (18,063) (1,756,071)
      Reclassification of exchange differences for
         subsidiaries disposed of or liquidated                –         –             –           –            –            –       (2,789)             –               –           –          –           –           –      (2,789)         3      (2,786)
      Reclassification of exchange differences for
         associates deemed partial disposal, partial
         disposed, disposed or liquidated                      –         –             –           –            –            –         (234)             –               –           –          –           –           –        (234)         –        (234)
      Change in fair value of financial assets at fair
         value through other comprehensive income,
         net of tax                                            –         –             –           –            –            –             –             –               –           –          –        642            –        642           –         642
      Change in fair value of equity investments
         designated at fair value through other
         comprehensive income, net of tax                      –         –             –           –            –            –             –             –               –           –          –      31,478           –     31,478           –      31,478
      Share of other comprehensive income of
         associates and a joint venture                        –         –             –           –            –            –             –              –         42,673           –          –           –           –     42,673           –      42,673
      Remeasurements of post-employment
         benefit obligations                                   –         –             –           –            –            –             –             –             824           –          –           –           –        824           –         824

    Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year            –           –           –            –            –      (10,748) (1,741,031)              –          43,497           –          –      32,120    447,007 (1,229,155)      89,408 (1,139,747)
    Acquisition of non-controlling interests                  –           –           –       85,172            –            –           –               –               –           –          –           –          – 85,172          (85,172)         –
    Liquidation of a subsidiary                               –           –           –            –            –            –           –               –               –           –          –           –         (3)        (3)      (1,609) (1,612)
    Equity – settled share option arrangements                –           –          91            –            –            –           –               –               –           –          –           –          –         91            –         91
    Issue of shares upon exercise of share options
      (note 35)                                          4,323      19,340        (6,489)          –            –            –             –             –               –           –          –           –          –      17,174           –      17,174
    Forfeiture of share options during the year              –           –        (9,014)          –            –            –             –             –               –           –          –           –      9,014           –           –           –
    Issue of shares under the Award Scheme
      (note 35)                                         15,498            –            –           –            –            –             –             –               –     (15,498)         –           –           –           –          –           –
    Employee share-based compensation benefits
      under the Award Scheme (note 36)                        –           –            –           –            –            –             –             –               –           – 147,629              –           – 147,629              –     147,629
    Vesting of shares under the Award Scheme                  –           –            –           –            –            –             –             –               –      79,035 (142,477)            –           – (63,442)             –     (63,442)
    Purchase of shares for the Award Scheme                   –           –            –           –            –            –             –             –               –     (53,666)       –             –           – (53,666)             –     (53,666)
    2021 final dividend paid                                  –    (403,818)           –           –            –            –             –             –               –           –        –             –           – (403,818)            –    (403,818)
    Transfer reserve funds to retained profits                –           –            –           –           (5)           –             –             –               –           –        –             –           5        –             –           –
    Transfer from retained profits                            –           –            –           –       39,086            –             –             –               –           –        –             –     (39,086)       –             –           –
    Debt relief from shareholders                             –           –            –       2,383            –            –             –             –               –           –        –             –           –    2,383             –       2,383

    At 31 December 2022                              2,499,780 4,521,954*        52,572* 432,305* 987,463*              (9,331)* (723,068)* (110,584)* 164,159* (237,094)* 237,379*                    51,153* 8,593,540* 16,460,228     417,428 16,877,656


*                These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of HK$13,960,448,000 (2021: HK$15,477,904,000)
                 in the consolidated statement of financial position.
134   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

      Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                                                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Shares
                                                                                           Share            Share                                                   Cash flow               Exchange                                           held for          Awarded                                                              Non-
                                                                         Issued         premium            option             Capital            Reserve                hedge             fluctuation        Put option          Other       the Award              share         Fair value       Retained                     controlling           Total
                                                                         capital         account          reserve            reserve                funds             reserve                 reserve           reserve        reserve         Scheme             reserve           reserve          profits          Total      interests           equity
                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000                HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                      (Note 35)        (Note 35)       (Note 37(i))       (Note 37(i ))       (Note 37(i i))       (Note 37(v))                                                              (Note 36)        (Note 37(iv))

       At 1 January 2021                                              2,452,482        5,062,656*        115,089*             88,283*            947,543*             (42,298)*             635,607*          (110,584)*        89,995*       (192,941)*          133,686*            2,403*       6,982,269* 16,164,190          570,687         16,734,877
       Profit for the year                                                    –                –               –                   –                   –                    –                     –                  –               –               –                  –                 –        1,183,999 1,183,999             95,291          1,279,290
       Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year:
         Cash flow hedge                                                       –               –                  –                   –                    –           43,715                       –                  –             –                –                   –                –               –         43,715            (115)         43,600
         Exchange differences related to translation of
            foreign operations                                                     –               –                  –                   –                    –                  –          373,389                      –              –                –                   –                –               –    373,389          5,531          378,920
         Reclassification of exchange differences for
            subsidiaries disposed of or liquidated                                 –               –                  –                   –                    –                  –           16,736                      –              –                –                   –                –               –     16,736                   –      16,736
         Reclassification of exchange differences
            for associates deemed partial disposal, partial
            disposed, disposed or liquidated                                       –               –                  –                   –                    –                  –           (7,769)                     –              –                –                   –                –               –      (7,769)                 –       (7,769)
         Change in fair value of financial assets at fair value
            through other comprehensive income, net of tax                         –               –                  –                   –                    –                  –                     –                 –              –                –                   –       5,677                    –       5,677                  –        5,677
         Change in fair value of equity investments designated
            at fair value through other comprehensive income,
            net of tax                                                         –               –                  –                   –                    –                  –                     –                  –             –                –                   –          10,953                –         10,953               –          10,953
         Share of other comprehensive income of associates
            and a joint venture                                                –               –                  –                   –                    –                  –                     –                  –        12,122                –                   –                –               –         12,122               –          12,122

       Total comprehensive income for the year                                –               –                 –                  –                       –           43,715                382,356                   –        12,122                –                   –          16,630        1,183,999       1,638,822      100,707          1,739,529
       Capital injection from non-controlling shareholders                    –               –                 –                  –                       –                –                      –                   –             –                –                   –               –                –               –       15,565             15,565
       Acquisition of non-controlling interests                               –               –                 –            256,467                       –                –                      –                   –             –                –                   –               –                –         256,467     (287,972)           (31,505)
       Long term incentive plans of a subsidiary                              –               –                 –                  –                       –                –                      –                   –        23,722                –                   –               –                –          23,722       15,814             39,536
       Equity – settled share option arrangements                             –               –             1,912                  –                       –                –                      –                   –             –                –                   –               –                –           1,912            –              1,912
       Issue of shares upon exercise of share options (note 35)          27,477         121,010           (43,020)                 –                       –                –                      –                   –             –                –                   –               –                –         105,467            –            105,467
       Forfeiture of share options during the year                            –               –            (5,997)                 –                       –                –                      –                   –             –                –                   –               –            5,997               –            –                  –
       Employee share-based compensation benefits under the
         Award Scheme (note 36)                                                –               –                  –                   –                    –                  –                     –                  –             –               –            132,163                  –               –        132,163               –         132,163
       Vesting of shares under the Award Scheme                                –               –                  –                   –                    –                  –                     –                  –             –          28,942            (33,622)                 –               –         (4,680)              –          (4,680)
       Purchase of shares for the Award Scheme                                 –               –                  –                   –                    –                  –                     –                  –             –         (82,966)                 –                  –               –        (82,966)              –         (82,966)
       Reclassification of gain previously in other reserve related
         to partial disposal of an associate                                   –               –                  –                   –                   –                   –                     –                  –        (5,177)               –                   –                –          5,177                –              –                –
       2020 final dividend paid                                                –        (277,234)                 –                   –                   –                   –                     –                  –             –                –                   –                –              –         (277,234)             –         (277,234)
       Transfer from retained profits                                          –               –                  –                   –                 839                   –                     –                  –             –                –                   –                –           (839)               –              –                –

       At 31 December 2021                                            2,479,959        4,906,432*          67,984*           344,750*            948,382*                1,417*           1,017,963*          (110,584)*       120,662*       (246,965)*          232,227*           19,033*       8,176,603* 17,957,863          414,801         18,372,664
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   135

                                                              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                       2022              2021
                                                                      Notes         HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                                    (Restated)


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                    835,528       1,447,766
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                         6            668,671          400,860
  Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                       (89,841)        (145,437)
  Loss on liquidation of an associate                                   7              1,174                –
  Loss on disposal of an associate                                      7            298,071                –
  Deemed loss/(gain) on partial disposal of associates                  7              9,329          (61,993)
  Deemed gain on partial acquisition of a joint venture                 7             (7,749)               –
  Gain on partial disposal of an associate                              7                  –         (740,988)
  Impairment loss on goodwill                                          17                  –           12,049
  Loss/(gain) on disposal of items of other intangible assets, net      7                741           (5,593)
  Gain on disposal of items of right-of-use assets, net                 7             (1,545)               –
  (Gain)/loss on disposal of subsidiaries                              41             (4,425)               2
  Gain on disposal of items of other deferred assets                                       –             (497)
  (Gain)/loss on liquidation of subsidiaries                            7               (104)          16,750
  Interest income                                                       7           (631,002)        (404,475)
  Fair value (gains)/losses, net:
     Derivative instruments – transactions not qualifying
       as hedges                                                        7           (176,344)          47,142
     Call options and put option                                        7            (53,906)         (24,791)
  Gain on settlement of expired call options                            7            (17,579)               –
  Realised gain on settlement of financial assets at fair value
     through profit or loss                                             7            (78,589)         (86,986)
  Loss/(gain) on disposal of items of property,
     plant and equipment, net                                           7              1,898         (23,111)
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                        14            401,441         348,606
  Foreign exchange difference, net                                                   131,374               –
  Depreciation of investment properties                                15             14,078          14,922
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                 16(a)          204,799         166,251
  Amortisation of other intangible assets                              18            622,922         599,069
  Amortisation of other deferred assets                                               16,509           1,043
  Equity-settled share option expenses                                                    91           1,912
  Employee share-based compensation benefits
     under the Award Scheme                                                          147,629         132,163
  Share award benefits of a subsidiary                                                     –          39,536


Cash inflow before working capital changes                                         2,293,171       1,734,200
136   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

      Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                              2022          2021
                                                                           HK$’000       HK$’000


       Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                 3,255,457    (3,619,362)
       Decrease/(increase) in trade receivables                             451,560      (714,941)
       (Increase)/decrease in bills receivable                             (475,150)      871,336
       Increase in other deferred assets                                   (117,759)      (62,939)
       Decrease/(increase) in pledged time deposits                         441,788      (655,072)
       Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets       (2,382,736)     (763,032)
       (Decrease)/increase in trade payables                               (968,442)    1,629,147
       Increase in bills payable                                          1,628,901       638,519
       (Decrease)/increase in other payables and accruals                (2,051,697)    2,134,256
       Increase in provisions                                                69,391       154,735
       Increase in other long-term payables                                  24,685        11,611


       Cash generated from operations                                    2,169,169     1,358,458
       Interest paid                                                      (367,043)     (254,315)
       Interest element of lease payments                                  (18,041)      (22,187)
       Income taxes paid                                                  (419,082)     (286,423)


       Net cash flows from operating activities                          1,365,003       795,533


       CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
       Interest received                                                   629,881       396,304
       Dividend received                                                    24,209        20,130
       Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                (447,101)     (688,740)
       Prepayment of right-of-use assets                                   (22,898)     (128,234)
       Proceeds from disposal of items of property,
         plant and equipment                                                50,721        63,020
       Proceeds from disposal of/(purchase) of financial assets at
         fair value through profit or loss, net                             22,944      (121,338)
       Acquisition of subsidiaries                                         (65,973)      (56,438)
       Contribution from liquidation of an associate                         1,589             –
       Investments in associates                                            (3,935)      (51,512)
       Capital withdrawals from joint ventures                                   –           726
       Capital withdrawals from an associate                                26,130             –
       Disposal of subsidiaries                                            (21,429)       96,311
       Proceeds from disposal of associates                                      –        94,853
       Additions of other intangible assets                               (489,101)     (554,830)
       Disposal of other intangible assets                                   4,759         3,875
       Additions of other deferred assets                                 (233,139)            –
       Decrease/(increase) in pledged time deposits                         15,227       (15,437)
       Advance receipts from expected disposal of
         non-current assets classified as held for sale                           –        8,706
       Purchase of equity investments designated at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                                        (22,007)            –
       Receipt from partial disposal of an associate                             –       837,217
       Advances to related parties of TCL Holdings                        (241,446)     (726,849)


       Net cash flows used in investing activities                        (771,569)     (822,236)
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   137

                                                          Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                  2022             2021
                                                                 Note          HK$’000          HK$’000


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issue of shares upon exercise of share options                    17,174          105,467
Interest paid                                                                 (228,368)        (121,240)
Principal portion of lease payments                                           (167,312)        (135,177)
Purchase of shares for the Award Scheme                                        (53,666)         (82,966)
New bank and other loans                                                    14,055,822       16,065,555
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                       (58,613)         (31,505)
Repayment of bank and other loans                                          (15,384,907)     (14,706,747)
Capital injection from a non-controlling interest                                    –           15,565
Dividends paid                                                                (416,741)        (277,243)
Decrease in restricted cash                                                        290          293,590


Net cash flows (used in)/from financing activities                           (2,236,321)      1,125,299


NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                        (1,642,887)       1,098,596
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                              11,509,166       10,384,885
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                   (475,338)          25,685


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                      9,390,941      11,509,166


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                            27          9,510,496      12,085,924
Less: Restricted cash and pledged deposits                        27           (119,555)       (576,758)


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated
  statement of financial position and the consolidated
  statement of cash flows                                                     9,390,941      11,509,166
138   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
            TCL Electronics Holdings Limited (the "Company”) is a limited liability company incorporated in the
            Cayman Islands. The registered address of the Company is P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand
            Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. The principal place of business of the Company is located at 5th
            Floor, Building 22E, 22 Science Park East Avenue, Hong Kong Science Park, Shatin, New Territories,
            Hong Kong.


            During the year, the Group and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the "Group”) were mainly
            involved in the manufacture and sale of television (“TV”) sets, smartphones, smart connective devices,
            smart commercial display and smart home products, photovoltaic equipment and the provision of
            internet platform operating services.


            In the opinion of the directors, T.C.L. Industries Holdings (H.K.) Limited (“T.C.L. Industries (H.K.)”), a
            company incorporated in Hong Kong, is the immediate holding company of the Company. In the first
            quarter of 2019, a restructuring occurred whereby TCL Technology Group Corporation (“TCL Technology”,
            formerly known as TCL Corporation) spun off and transferred, among others, all its equity interests
            in T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) to TCL Industries Holdings Co., Limited (“TCL Holdings”), a limited liability
            company registered in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). Accordingly, the ultimate holding
            company of the Company has changed to TCL Holdings following the completion of such restructuring.
            As the major shareholders of TCL Holdings are the key management of TCL Technology, TCL Technology
            remains a related party of the Group.


            Information about subsidiaries
            Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:


                                                       Place of
                                                 incorporation/    Issued ordinary/     % of equity
                                                    registration         registered    attributable to
              Name                                and business        share capital     the Company          Principal activities
                                                                                      2022        2021


              TCL Commercial Information                  PRC/     RMB100,000,000      100          100   Trading of commercial
               Technology (Huizhou)              Mainland China                                                 display products
               Limited


              Guangzhou Kuyu Network                      PRC/     RMB100,000,000      100          100   Trading of TV products
               Technology Co., Ltd.   #
                                                 Mainland China


              TCL Smart Home Technologies Co.,       Hong Kong     RMB135,670,000      100          100      Investment holding
               Limited
                                                                   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022           139

                                                                                 Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                          31 December 2022




1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
   Information about subsidiaries (continued)
   Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


                                               Place of
                                         incorporation/       Issued ordinary/       % of equity
                                            registration            registered     attributable to
    Name                                  and business           share capital      the Company             Principal activities
                                                                                  2022        2021


    Manufacturas Avanzadas,                      Mexico       USD15,866,637        100          100             Manufacture of
      S.A. de. C.V.                                                                                                TV products


    TTE Corporation@                       British Virgin         USD10,001        100          100          Investment holding
                                        Islands (“BVI”)/
                                             Hong Kong


    Shenzhen TCL New Technology                    PRC/        HK$10,000,000       100          100            Manufacture and
      Company Limited       */#
                                        Mainland China                                                      sale of TV products


    TCL Smart Device (Vietnam)                  Vietnam VND256,080,000,000         100          100    Manufacture and sale of
      Company Limited                                                                                              TV products


    Huizhou TCL Electrical Appliances              PRC/     RMB2,430,000,000       100          100 Operation of a distribution
      Sales Co., Ltd.   #
                                        Mainland China                                                      network in the PRC


    TCL Electronics (HK) Limited             Hong Kong         HK$30,000,000       100          100      Trading of TV products
                                                                                                               and components


    TCL Electronics (Thailand)                 Thailand       THB255,000,000       100          100      Trading of TV products
      Co., Limited                                                                                             and components


    TCL Holdings (BVI) Limited@         BVI/Hong Kong             USD25,000        100          100          Investment holding


    TCL Belgium S.A.                            Belgium        EUR66,928,368       100          100          Investment holding


    TCL International Electronics       BVI/Hong Kong                   USD1       100          100          Investment holding
      (BVI) Limited@
140   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
            Information about subsidiaries (continued)
            Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


                                                               Place of
                                                         incorporation/      Issued ordinary/     % of equity
                                                            registration           registered    attributable to
              Name                                        and business          share capital     the Company              Principal activities
                                                                                                2022        2021


              TTE (North America) Holdings               BVI/Hong Kong                 USD1      100          100          Investment holding
                Limited


              TCL Information Technology                 BVI/Hong Kong        USD4,500,000       100          100          Investment holding
                Industrial (Group) Co., Ltd.   @




              TCL King Electrical Appliances                      PRC/       HK$95,000,000       100          100 Manufacture of TV products
                (Chengdu) Company Limited*/#             Mainland China


              TCL King Electrical Appliances                      PRC/     HK$1,291,604,481      100          100       Manufacture and sale
                (Huizhou) Company Limited                Mainland China                                                    of TV products and
                (“TCL King (Huizhou)”)*/#                                                                               trading of components


              TCL King Electrical Appliances                      PRC/       HK$20,000,000       100          100              Manufacture of
                (Nanchang) Company Limited         */#
                                                         Mainland China                                                           TV products


              TCL Overseas Holdings Limited              BVI/Hong Kong                 USD1      100          100          Investment holding


              TCL Overseas Marketing Limited             BVI/Hong Kong                 USD1      100          100      Trading of TV products
                                                                                                                             and components


              TTE Technology Inc.                                  USA      USD129,433,108       100          100      Trading of TV products
                                                                                                                             and components


              TCL Operations Polska SP. Z O.O.                   Poland     PLN126,716,500       100          100 Manufacture of TV products


              TCL Optoelectronics Technology                      PRC/      RMB576,000,000       100          100       Manufacture and sale
                (Huizhou) Co., Ltd.**/@/#                Mainland China                                             of TV products and trading
                                                                                                                               of components


              Chengdu TCL Xinan Electrical                        PRC/       RMB10,000,000       100          100 Operation of a distribution
                Appliance Sales Co., Ltd.#               Mainland China                                                    network in the PRC
                                                                  TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022               141

                                                                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                            31 December 2022




1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
   Information about subsidiaries (continued)
   Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


                                               Place of
                                         incorporation/      Issued ordinary/       % of equity
                                            registration           registered     attributable to
    Name                                   and business         share capital      the Company                Principal activities
                                                                                 2022        2021


    TCT Mobile International Limited         Hong Kong        HK$5,000,000        100          100              Development and
                                                                                                            distribution of mobile
                                                                                                       devices and other products
                                                                                                        and rendering of services


    Huizhou TCL Mobile                            PRC/      USD229,733,227        100          100               Manufacture and
      Communication Co., Ltd.     *
                                         Mainland China                                                     distribution of mo-bile
                                                                                                         devices and rendering of
                                                                                                                          services


    TCL Mobile Communication (HK)            Hong Kong     HK$1,509,675,500       100          100          Distribution of mobile
      Company Limited                                                                                         devices and related
                                                                                                                      components


    TCL Digital Technology (Shenzhen)             PRC/       RMB49,966,904        100          100       Manufacture and sale of
      Company Limited (“TCL Digital      Mainland China                                                    TV products and other
      Technology (Shenzhen)”)     #
                                                                                                              household products


    TCL Communication Technology        Cayman Islands/    HK$1,278,984,118       100          100             Investment holding
      Holdings Limited @                     Hong Kong


    Shenzhen Hawk Internet                        PRC/      RMB338,889,344        100          100 R&D of software on smart
      Company Limited   #
                                         Mainland China                                                    TV devices and mobile
                                                                                                             devices and internet
                                                                                                               platform operation


    Huizhou TCL Photovoltaic                      PRC/      RMB100,000,000        100          100            Sale of photovoltaic
      Technology Co., Ltd.#              Mainland China                                                power generating facilities


    Shaanxi TCL Photovoltaic                      PRC/       RMB60,000,000        100               – Construction of photovoltaic
      Engineering Co., Ltd.   #
                                         Mainland China                                                             power stations
142   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
            Information about subsidiaries (continued)
            Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


                                                               Place of
                                                         incorporation/    Issued ordinary/      % of equity
                                                            registration         registered     attributable to
                Name                                      and business        share capital     the Company                Principal activities
                                                                                              2022         2021


                Shenzhen Falcon Network                           PRC/     RMB121,621,629     82.22        77.14 Research and development
                  Technology Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China                                                    (“R&D”) of software
                  (“Falcon Network Technology”)    */#
                                                                                                                      on smart TV devices and
                                                                                                                    internet platform operation


                Shenzhen Falcon Network                           PRC/      RMB15,000,000     82.22        77.14           R&D of software on
                  Media Company Limited        #
                                                         Mainland China                                                  smart TV devices and
                                                                                                                    internet platform operation


                TCL Intelligent Technology                        PRC/      RMB62,500,000       80             80       Trading of TV products
                  (Ningbo) Co., Ltd.   #
                                                         Mainland China                                                   and components and
                                                                                                                                   white goods


                SEMP TCL                                          Brazil   BRL443,120,000       80             80        Manufacture and sale
                                                                                                                      of TV products and other
                                                                                                                           household products


                Guangzhou Digital Rowa                            PRC/     RMB120,000,000       70             70              Manufacture of
                  Technology Co., Ltd.*/   #
                                                         Mainland China                                                            TV products

            @
                       Direct subsidiaries of the Company
            *          Registered as sino-foreign equity joint ventures under the PRC law
            **         Registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under the PRC law
            #
                       The English names of these companies are not official and are the direct translation from their Chinese
                       names for identification purposes only.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   143

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
   Information about subsidiaries (continued)
   Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


   None of the above subsidiaries has debt securities.


   The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, materially
   contributed to the net income of the Group or formed a material portion of the net assets of the Group.
   To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of
   excessive length.


2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
   These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
   Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
   Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
   Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the
   disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under
   the historical cost convention, except for derivative financial instruments and certain financial assets
   which have been measured at fair value. As further explained in note 10, assets classified as held for
   sale is stated at the lower of their carrying amounts and fair values less costs to sell. These financial
   statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) and all values are rounded to the nearest
   thousand except when otherwise indicated.


   Basis of consolidation
   The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
   subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2022. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured
   entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed,
   or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect
   those returns through its power over the investee (i.e. existing rights that give the Group the current
   ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).
144   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
            Basis of consolidation (continued)
            Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company
            has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group
            considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee,
            including:


            (a)    the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


            (b)    rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


            (c)    the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


            The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the
            Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the
            date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such
            control ceases.


            Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of
            the parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling
            interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses
            and cash flows relating to the transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on
            consolidation.


            The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
            there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the
            ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.


            If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill)
            and liabilities of the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii)
            the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the
            consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or
            deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive
            income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would
            be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   145

                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                         31 December 2022




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
   The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial
   statements.


   Amendments to HKFRS 3                     Reference to the Conceptual Framework
   Amendments to HKAS 16                     Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use
   Amendments to HKAS 37                     Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
   Annual Improvements to                    Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples
     HKFRSs 2018-2020                          accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41

   The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:


   (a)   Amendments to HKFRS 3 are intended to replace a reference to the previous Framework for
         the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual
         Framework for Financial Reporting (the “Conceptual Framework”) issued in June 2018 without
         significantly changing its requirements. The amendments also add to HKFRS 3 an exception to
         its recognition principle for an entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what
         constitutes an asset or a liability. The exception specifies that, for liabilities and contingent
         liabilities that would be within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 if they were incurred
         separately rather than assumed in a business combination, an entity applying HKFRS 3 should
         refer to HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 respectively instead of the Conceptual Framework.
         Furthermore, the amendments clarify that contingent assets do not qualify for recognition at the
         acquisition date. The Group has applied the amendments prospectively to business combinations
         that occurred on or after 1 January 2022. As there were no contingent assets, liabilities and
         contingent liabilities within the scope of the amendments arising in the business combination
         that occurred during the year, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position
         and performance of the Group.


   (b)   Amendments to HKAS 16 prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property,
         plant and equipment any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to
         the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended
         by management. Instead, an entity recognises the proceeds from selling any such items, and
         the cost of those items as determined by HKAS 2 Inventories, in profit or loss. The Group
         has applied the amendments retrospectively to items of property, plant and equipment made
         available for use on or after 1 January 2021. Since there was no sale of items produced prior
         to the property, plant and equipment being available for use, the amendments did not have any
         impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.
146   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
          (CONTINUED)
            (c)    Amendments to HKAS 37 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous
                   under HKAS 37, the cost of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the
                   contract. Costs that relate directly to a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling
                   that contract (e.g., direct labour and materials) and an allocation of other costs that relate
                   directly to fulfilling that contract (e.g., an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of
                   property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract as well as contract management
                   and supervision costs). General and administrative costs do not relate directly to a contract and
                   are excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to the counterparty under the contract. The
                   Group has applied the amendments prospectively to contracts for which it has not yet fulfilled
                   all its obligations at 1 January 2022 and no onerous contracts were identified. Therefore, the
                   amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.


            (d)    Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 sets out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9,
                   Illustrative Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41. Details of the amendments that
                   are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:


                   •      HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments: clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing
                          whether the terms of a new or modified financial liability are substantially different
                          from the terms of the original financial liability. These fees include only those paid or
                          received between the borrower and the lender, including fees paid or received by either
                          the borrower or lender on the other’s behalf. The Group has applied the amendment
                          prospectively from 1 January 2022. As there was no modification or exchange of the
                          Group’s financial liabilities during the year, the amendment did not have any impact on
                          the financial position or performance of the Group.
                                                             TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022         147

                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                    31 December 2022




2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRSs
   The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not
   yet effective, in these financial statements.


   Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                       Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
       HKAS 28 (2011)                                  Associate or Joint Venture3
   Amendments to HKFRS 16                           Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
   HKFRS 17                                         Insurance Contracts1
   Amendments to HKFRS 17                           Insurance Contracts1, 5
   Amendment to HKFRS 17                            Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and
                                                       HKFRS 9 – Comparative Information6
   Amendments to HKAS 1                             Classification of Liabilities as Current or
                                                       Non-current (the “2020 Amendments”) 2, 4
   Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS                   Disclosure of Accounting Policies (the “2022 Amendments”)1
       Practice Statement 2
   Amendments to HKAS 8                             Definition of Accounting Estimates1
   Amendments to HKAS 12                            Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                       from a Single Transaction1

   1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
   2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
   3
            No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
   4
            As a consequence of the 2022 Amendments, the effective date of the 2020 Amendments was deferred
            to annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024. In addition, as a consequence of the 2020
            Amendments and 2022 Amendments, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements –
            Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause was revised to
            align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion
   5
            As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to
            extend the temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual
            periods beginning before 1 January 2023
   6
            An entity that chooses to apply the transition option relating to the classification overlay set out in this
            amendment shall apply it on initial application of HKFRS 17


   Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described
   below.
148   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRSs (CONTINUED)
            Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) address an inconsistency between the requirements
            in HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 (2011) in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an
            investor and its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss
            resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets between an investor
            and its associate or joint venture constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not
            constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit
            or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The
            amendments are to be applied prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments
            to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) was removed by the HKICPA in January 2016 and a new mandatory
            effective date will be determined after the completion of a broader review of accounting for associates
            and joint ventures. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.


            Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease
            liability arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any
            amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for
            annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and shall be applied retrospectively to sale and
            leaseback transactions entered into after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 (i.e., 1 January
            2019). Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant
            impact on the Group’s financial statements.


            Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current clarify the requirements
            for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, in particular the determination over whether an
            entity has a right to defer settlement of the liabilities for at least 12 months after the reporting
            period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right
            to defer settlement of the liability. The amendments also clarify the situations that are considered
            a settlement of a liability. In 2022, the HKICPA issued the 2022 Amendments to further clarify that,
            among covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must
            comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of that liability as current or non-
            current. In addition, the 2022 Amendments require additional disclosures by an entity that classifies
            liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when it has a right to defer settlement of
            those liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months after
            the reporting period. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
            2024 and shall be applied retrospectively. Earlier application is permitted. An entity that applies the
            2020 Amendments early is required to apply simultaneously the 2022 Amendments, and vice versa.
            The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments and whether existing loan agreements
            may require revision. Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not expected to have
            any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   149

                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                        31 December 2022




2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRSs (CONTINUED)
   Amendments to HKAS 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies require entities to disclose their material
   accounting policy information rather than their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy
   information is material if, when considered together with other information included in an entity’s
   financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of
   general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements. Amendments
   to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of
   materiality to accounting policy disclosures. Amendments to HKAS 1 are effective for annual periods
   beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and earlier application is permitted. Since the guidance provided
   in the amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 is non-mandatory, an effective date for these
   amendments is not necessary. The Group is currently revisiting the accounting policy disclosures to
   ensure consistency with the amendments.


   Amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and
   changes in accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial
   statements that are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use
   measurement techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. The amendments are effective
   for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and apply to changes in accounting
   policies and changes in accounting estimates that occur on or after the start of that period. Earlier
   application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the
   Group’s financial statements.


   Amendments to HKAS 12 narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in HKAS 12 so that it
   no longer applies to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences,
   such as leases and decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a
   deferred tax asset (provided that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability
   for temporary differences arising from these transactions. The amendments are effective for annual
   reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023 and shall be applied to transactions related to
   leases and decommissioning obligations at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented,
   with any cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or
   other component of equity as appropriate at that date. In addition, the amendments shall be applied
   prospectively to transactions other than leases and decommissioning obligations. Earlier application is
   permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial
   statements.
150   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
            Investments in associates and joint ventures
            An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of
            the equity voting rights and over which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant
            influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but
            is not control or joint control over those policies.


            A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
            arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed
            sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities
            require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.


            The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of
            financial position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any
            impairment losses. Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may
            exist.


            The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and
            joint ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
            income. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate
            or joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated
            statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the
            Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in
            the associates or joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of
            the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included
            as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint ventures.


            If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained
            interest is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity
            method. In all other cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over
            the joint venture, the Group measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any
            difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant
            influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is
            recognised in profit or loss.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    151

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                              31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)
    When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for
    in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.


    Business combinations and goodwill
    Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred
    is measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of
    assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree
    and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business
    combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree that
    are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in the
    event of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets.
    All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs
    are expensed as incurred.


    The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets
    includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create
    outputs.


    When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed
    for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic
    circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of
    embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.


    If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at
    its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.


    Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the
    acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value
    with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as
    equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.
152   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Business combinations and goodwill (continued)
            Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration
            transferred, the amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s
            previously held equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities
            assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets
            acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain
            purchase.


            After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill
            is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
            the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31
            December. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from
            the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of
            CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other
            assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.


            Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) to which
            the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) is less than the
            carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not
            reversed in a subsequent period.


            Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU (or group of CGUs) and part of the operation within that
            unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying
            amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in
            these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the
            portion of the CGU retained.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   153

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Fair value measurement
    The Group measures its certain financial assets, derivative financial instruments, and equity
    investments at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be
    received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
    participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that
    the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for
    the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the
    asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The
    fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would
    use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best
    interest.


    A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
    generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
    market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.


    The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient
    data are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and
    minimising the use of unobservable inputs.


    All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
    categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is
    significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:


    Level 1     –   based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
    Level 2     –   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the
                    fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
    Level 3     –   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the
                    fair value measurement is unobservable


    For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the
    Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing
    categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a
    whole) at the end of each reporting period.
154   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Impairment of non-financial assets
            Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required
            (other than inventories, deferred tax assets, financial assets and non-current assets/non-current assets
            classified as held for sale), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable
            amount is the higher of the asset’s or CGU’s value-in-use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and
            is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely
            independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is
            determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a CGU for impairment,
            a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to
            an individual CGU if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the
            smallest group of CGUs.


            An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable
            amount. In assessing value-in-use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
            value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
            money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period
            in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.


            An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication
            that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an
            indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of
            an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to
            determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount
            that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been
            recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit or
            loss in the period in which it arises.
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022      155

                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                   31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Related parties
    A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


    (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


          (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


          (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


          (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


    or


    (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


          (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


          (ii)     one entity is an associate or a joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary
                   or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);


          (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


          (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
                   third entity;


          (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                   Group or an entity related to the Group;


          (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


          (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the
                   key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


          (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                   personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.
156   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
            Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated
            depreciation and any impairment losses. When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified
            as held for sale or when it is part of a disposal group classified as held for sale, it is not depreciated
            and is accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 5. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment
            comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working
            condition and location for its intended use.


            Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such
            as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.
            In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is
            capitalised in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property,
            plant and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as
            individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.


            Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant
            and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for
            this purpose are as follows:


            Leasehold land                                    Over the lease terms
            Buildings                                         2% – 10%
            Leasehold improvements                            20% – 50% or over the lease terms whichever is shorter
            Plant and machinery                               5% – 50%
            Furniture, fixtures and equipment                 10% – 50%
            Motor vehicles                                    16.7% – 25%

            Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that
            item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately.
            Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at
            least at each financial year end.


            An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is
            derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or
            disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is
            derecognised is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant
            asset.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   157

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (continued)
    Construction in progress represents buildings under construction and plant and machinery in the
    process of installation, which are stated at cost less any impairment losses, and are not depreciated.
    Cost comprises the direct costs of construction and installation and capitalised borrowing costs on
    related borrowed funds during the period of construction. Construction in progress is reclassified to the
    appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.


    Investment properties
    Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including the leasehold property held as
    a right-of-use asset which would otherwise meet the definition of an investment property) held to
    earn rental income and/or for capital appreciation, rather than for use in the production or supply of
    goods or services or for administrative purposes; or for sale in the ordinary course of business. Such
    properties are measured and stated at cost, including transaction costs, less accumulated depreciation
    and any impairment losses.


    Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of investment
    properties to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this
    purpose are as follows:


    Buildings                                         2% – 3.67%
    Leasehold land under finance leases               Over the lease terms

    Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in profit or
    loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.


    Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
    Non-current assets and disposal groups are classified as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be
    recovered principally through a sales transaction rather than through continuing use. For this to be the
    case, the asset or disposal group must be available for immediate sale in its present condition subject
    only to terms that are usual and customary for the sale of such assets or disposal groups and its sale
    must be highly probable. All assets and liabilities of a subsidiary classified as a disposal group are
    reclassified as held for sale regardless of whether the Group retains a non-controlling interest in its
    former subsidiary after the sale.


    Non-current assets and disposal groups (other than financial assets) classified as held for sale are
    measured at the lower of their carrying amounts and fair values less costs to sell. Property, plant and
    equipment, investment properties and intangible assets classified as held for sale are not depreciated
    or amortised.
158   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
            Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible
            assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives
            of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are
            subsequently amortised over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is
            an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation
            method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.


            Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at
            the CGU level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset with an
            indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to be
            supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for
            on a prospective basis.


            Patents and licences
            Purchased patents and licences with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are
            amortised on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 4 to 40 years.


            Purchased patents and licences with indefinite useful lives are stated at cost less any identified
            impairment losses.


            Trademarks
            Purchased trademarks with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised
            on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 10 to 40 years.


            Customer relationships
            Purchased customer relationships with finite lives are stated at cost less any impairment losses and
            are amortised on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 5 to 14.3 years.


            Computer software
            Purchased computer software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and is amortised on the
            straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of 2 to 10 years.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    159

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (continued)
    Research and development costs
    All research costs are charged to profit or loss as incurred.


    Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products and software is capitalised and deferred only
    when the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it
    will be available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how
    the asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project
    and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Product development
    expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.


    Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on
    a systematic basis with reference to projected sales volume, upon future sales volume of related
    products.


    Leases
    The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
    contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period
    of time in exchange for consideration.


    The Group as a lessee
    The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term
    leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments
    and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.
160   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as a lessee (continued)
            (a) Right-of-use assets
                   Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date
                   the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any
                   accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement
                   of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities
                   recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the
                   commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on
                   a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the
                   assets as follows:


                   Leasehold land                             20 to 70 years
                   Plant and properties                       1 (non-inclusive) to 10 years
                   Motor vehicles and other equipment         2 to 5 years

                   If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost
                   reflects the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful
                   life of the asset.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    161

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Leases (continued)
    The Group as a lessee (continued)
    (b) Lease liabilities
          Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of
          lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments
          (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease
          payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual
          value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option
          reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for termination of
          a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The
          variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as an expense
          in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.


          In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing
          rate (“IBR”) at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease
          is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is
          increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In
          addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a
          change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments
          resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase
          the underlying asset.


          The Group’s lease liabilities are separately disclosed in the consolidated statement of financial
          position.


    (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
          The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of
          machinery and equipment (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less
          from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). When the Group enters
          into a lease in respect of a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on
          a lease-by-lease basis. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are
          recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
162   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Leases (continued)
            The Group as a lessor
            When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification)
            each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.


            Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to
            ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-
            lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a
            relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the
            lease terms and is included in revenue in profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs
            incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased
            asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are
            recognised as revenue in the period in which they are earned.


            Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying
            assets to the lessee are accounted for as finance leases.


            When the Group is an intermediate lessor, a sublease is classified as a finance lease or operating
            lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease is a short-
            term lease to which the Group applies the on-balance sheet recognition exemption, the Group classifies
            the sublease as an operating lease.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    163

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Investments and other financial assets
    Initial recognition and measurement
    Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair
    value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.


    The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual
    cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of
    trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has
    applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the
    Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus in the case of a financial asset not at
    fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant
    financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the
    transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue
    recognition” below.


    In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through
    other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
    and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are
    not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business
    model.


    The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial
    assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result
    from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified
    and measured at amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial
    assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair
    value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both
    holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the
    aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.


    All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is,
    the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are
    purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
    established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.
164   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Investments and other financial assets (continued)
            Subsequent measurement
            The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


            Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
            Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method
            and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is
            derecognised, modified or impaired.


            Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt
            instruments)
            For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign
            exchange revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in profit or loss and computed
            in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value
            changes are recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value
            change recognised in other comprehensive income is recycled to profit or loss.


            Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive
            income (equity investments)
            Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity
            investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the
            definition of equity under HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The
            classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.


            Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to profit or loss. Dividends are
            recognised as other revenue in profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is
            probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount
            of the dividend can be measured reliably, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a
            recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in other
            comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive
            income are not subject to impairment assessment.
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   165

                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Investments and other financial assets (continued)
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at
    fair value with net changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.


    This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not
    irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity
    investments classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are also recognised as
    other income in profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is probable that the
    economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend
    can be measured reliably.


    A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated
    from the host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are
    not closely related to the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative
    would meet the definition of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through
    profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised
    in profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that
    significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial
    asset out of the fair value through profit or loss category.


    A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for
    separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified
    in its entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.
166   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Derecognition of financial assets
            A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial
            assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e. removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
            position) when:


            •      the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


            •      the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
                   obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a
                   "pass-through" arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks
                   and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all
                   the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.


            When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a
            pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards
            of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks
            and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the
            transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also
            recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a
            basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.


            Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at
            the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that
            the Group could be required to repay.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     167

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Impairment of financial assets
    The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not
    held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash
    flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
    discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will
    include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the
    contractual terms.


    General approach
    ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant
    increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from
    default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit
    exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss
    allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of
    the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).


    At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
    increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the
    risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
    occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and
    supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-
    looking information. The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when
    contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.
168   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Impairment of financial assets (continued)
            General approach (continued)
            The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due.
            However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal
            or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual
            amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset
            is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.


            Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised
            cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following
            stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the
            simplified approach as detailed below.


            Stage 1    –   Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                           recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                           12-month ECLs


            Stage 2    –   Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                           recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss
                           allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs


            Stage 3    –   Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not
                           purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at
                           an amount equal to lifetime ECLs


            Simplified approach
            For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or
            when the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing
            component, the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified
            approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance
            based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that
            is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
            debtors and the economic environment.
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022         169

                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                   31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Financial liabilities
    Initial recognition and measurement
    Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit
    or loss, loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an
    effective hedge, as appropriate.


    All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
    payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.


    The Group’s financial liabilities include trade payables, bills payable, derivative financial instruments,
    lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, financial liabilities included in other
    payables and accruals, other long-term payable and financial liability associated with put option.


    Subsequent measurement
    The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


    Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
    Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and
    financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.


    Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing
    in the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the
    Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by HKFRS 9.
    Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as
    effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in profit or
    loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in profit or loss does not include any interest charged
    on these financial liabilities.


    Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are
    designated at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains
    or losses on liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in profit or loss,
    except for the gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit risk which are presented in other
    comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification to profit or loss. The net fair value gain or
    loss recognised in profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.
170   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Financial liabilities (continued)
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost (loans and borrowings)
            After initial recognition, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings are subsequently measured at
            amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be
            immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss
            when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation
            process.


            Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or
            costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is
            included in finance costs in profit or loss.


            Financial liability associated with put option over non-controlling interests
            Put option written to non-controlling interest (“NCI put”) is a financial instrument granted by the Group
            whereby the counterparty may has the right to request the Group to purchase their equity interests
            in the Group’s non-wholly-own subsidiaries for cash or other financial assets when certain conditions
            are met. If the Group does not have the unconditional right to avoid delivering cash or other financial
            assets under the put option, the Group has to initially recognise a financial liability at the present
            value of the estimated future cash outflows under the put option. Subsequently, if the Group revises
            its estimates of payments, the Group adjusts the carrying amount of the financial liability to reflect
            actual and revised estimated cash outflows. At the end of each reporting period, the Group recalculates
            the carrying amount by computing the present value of revised estimated future cash outflows at the
            financial instrument’s original effective interest rate and the adjustment to its carrying amount is to be
            recognised as income or expenses in profit or loss. If the put option expires without being exercised,
            the carrying amount of the liability is reclassified as equity.


            The put option liability is current liability unless the put option first becomes exercisable 12 months
            after the end of the reporting period.


            Derecognition of financial liabilities
            A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or
            expires.


            When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially
            different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or
            modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability,
            and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     171

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Offsetting of financial instruments
    Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement
    of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts
    and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities
    simultaneously.


    Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
    Initial recognition and subsequent measurement
    The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts, to hedge its
    foreign currency risk. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the
    date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value.
    Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is
    negative.


    The fair value of commodity purchase contracts that meet the definition of a derivative as defined by
    HKFRS 9 is recognised in profit or loss as cost of sales. Commodity contracts that are entered into and
    continue to be held for the purpose of the receipt or delivery of a non-financial item in accordance with
    the Group’s expected purchase, sale or usage requirements are held at cost.


    Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivatives are taken directly to profit or
    loss, except for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognised in other comprehensive
    income and later reclassified to profit or loss when the hedged item affects profit or loss.


    For the purpose of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:


    •     fair value hedges when hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset
          or liability or an unrecognised firm commitment; or


    •     cash flow hedges when hedging the exposure to variability in cash flows that is either attributable
          to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast
          transaction, or a foreign currency risk in an unrecognised firm commitment; or


    •     hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.
172   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
            Initial recognition and subsequent measurement (continued)
            At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge
            relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting, the risk management objective and
            its strategy for undertaking the hedge.


            The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of
            the risk being hedged and how the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge
            effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of sources of hedge ineffectiveness and how the
            hedge ratio is determined). A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if it meets all of the
            following effectiveness requirements:


            •      There is “an economic relationship” between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.


            •      The effect of credit risk does not “dominate the value changes” that result from that economic
                   relationship.


            •      The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the
                   hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
                   Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    173

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
    Initial recognition and subsequent measurement (continued)
    Hedges which meet all the qualifying criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for as follows:


    Cash flow hedges
    The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instruments is recognised directly in other
    comprehensive income in the cash flow hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised
    immediately in profit or loss. The cash flow hedge reserve is adjusted to the lower of the cumulative
    gain or loss on the hedging instrument and the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item.


    The amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income are accounted for, depending on the nature
    of the underlying hedged transaction. If the hedged transaction subsequently results in the recognition
    of a non-financial item, the amount accumulated in equity is removed from the separate component
    of equity and included in the initial cost or other carrying amount of the hedged asset or liability. This
    is not a reclassification adjustment and will not be recognised in other comprehensive income for the
    period. This also applies where the hedged forecast transaction of a non-financial asset or non-financial
    liability subsequently becomes a firm commitment to which fair value hedge accounting is applied.


    For any other cash flow hedges, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is reclassified
    to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment in the same period or periods during which the hedged
    cash flows affect profit or loss.


    If cash flow hedge accounting is discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in other
    comprehensive income must remain in accumulated other comprehensive income if the hedged future
    cash flows are still expected to occur. Otherwise, the amount will be immediately reclassified to profit
    or loss as a reclassification adjustment. After the discontinuation, once the hedged cash flow occurs,
    any amount remaining in accumulated other comprehensive income is accounted for depending on the
    nature of the underlying transaction as described above.
174   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
            Current versus non-current classification
            Derivative instruments that are not designated as effective hedging instruments are classified as
            current or non-current or separated into current and non-current portions based on an assessment of
            the facts and circumstances (i.e. the underlying contracted cash flows).


            •      Where the Group expects to hold a derivative as an economic hedge (and does not apply hedge
                   accounting) for a period beyond 12 months after the end of the reporting period, the derivative
                   is classified as non-current (or separated into current and non-current portions) consistently with
                   the classification of the underlying item.


            •      Embedded derivatives that are not closely related to the host contract are classified consistently
                   with the cash flows of the host contract.


            •      Derivative instruments that are designated as, and are effective hedging instruments, are
                   classified consistently with the classification of the underlying hedged item. The derivative
                   instruments are separated into current portions and non-current portions only if a reliable
                   allocation can be made.


            Treasury shares
            Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares)
            are recognised directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase,
            sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments.


            Inventories
            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the
            weighted average basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct
            materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based
            on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal. Cost
            of inventories includes the transfer from equity of gains and losses on qualifying cash flow hedges in
            respect of the purchases of raw materials.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     175

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Cash and cash equivalents
    For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash
    on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible
    into known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short
    maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on
    demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.


    For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents
    comprise cash on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash,
    which are not restricted as to use.


    Provisions
    A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a
    past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation,
    provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.


    When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value
    at the end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the
    obligation. The increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is
    included in finance costs in profit or loss.


    The Group provides for warranties in relation to the sale of certain TV and other products for general
    repairs of defects occurring during the warranty period. Provisions for these assurance-type warranties
    granted by the Group are recognised based on sales volume and past experience of the level of repairs
    and returns, discounted to their present values as appropriate.
176   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Income tax
            Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit
            or loss is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


            Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid
            to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
            enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices
            prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.


            Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the
            reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial
            reporting purposes.


            Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


            •      when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability
                   in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
                   neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and


            •      in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
                   associates and joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can
                   be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
                   future.


            Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
            unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it
            is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and
            the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:


            •      when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the
                   initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and,
                   at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and


            •      in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
                   associates and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is
                   probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit
                   will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    177

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                               31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Income tax (continued)
    The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced
    to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all
    or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at
    the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that
    sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.


    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the
    period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have
    been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


    Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally
    enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets
    and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the
    same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and
    assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future
    period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or
    recovered.


    Government grants
    Government grants are recognised at their fair values where there is reasonable assurance that the
    grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an
    expense item except research and development cost item, it is deducted from the related expense on
    systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.


    Where the grant relates to an asset except research and development cost item, the fair value is
    deducted from the carrying amount of the relevant asset and is released to profit or loss over the
    expected useful life of the relevant asset by way of a reduced depreciation charge.


    Where the grant relates to research and development asset or cost item, the fair value is credited to a
    deferred income account and is released to profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant
    asset or on systematic basis.
178   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Revenue recognition
            Revenue from contracts with customers
            Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred
            to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled
            in exchange for those goods or services.


            When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is
            estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to
            the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is
            highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will
            not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.


            When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant
            benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue
            is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that
            would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract
            inception. When the contract contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant
            financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest
            expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where the
            period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one
            year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component,
            using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   179

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Revenue recognition (continued)
    Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
    (a) Sale of TV, mobile devices and other products
          Revenue from the sale of TV, mobile devices and other products is recognised at the point in
          time when control of the asset is transferred to the customer, generally on delivery of the TV,
          mobile phones and other products.


          Some contracts for the sale of TV, mobile devices and other products provide customers with
          volume rebates which give rise to variable consideration.


          Volume rebates
          Retrospective volume rebates may be provided to certain customers once the quantity of
          products purchased during the period exceeds a threshold specified in the contract. Rebates
          are offset against amounts payable by the customer. To estimate the variable consideration for
          the expected future rebates, the most likely amount method is used for contracts with a single-
          volume threshold and the expected value method for contracts with more than one volume
          threshold. The selected method that best predicts the amount of variable consideration is
          primarily driven by the number of volume thresholds contained in the contract. The requirements
          on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied and a refund liability for the
          expected future rebates is recognised.


    (b) Construction services
          Revenue from the provision of construction services is recognised over time, using an input
          method to measure progress towards complete satisfaction of the service, because the Group’s
          performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created
          or enhanced. The input method recognises revenue based on the proportion of the actual costs
          incurred relative to the estimated total costs for satisfaction of the construction services.


    (c)   Video-on-demand internet services
          Video-on-demand internet services primarily offers customers to assess certain videos on the
          internet platform. Revenue from video-on-demand services is recognised over the validity period
          on a straight-line basis.
180   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Revenue recognition (continued)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            (d) Advertising, value-added and other services
                   Revenue from advertising, value-added and other services is recognised at the point in time
                   when the services are rendered.


            (e) Processing and technical service income
                   Revenue from rendering of processing service and technical service income are recognised at
                   the point in time upon the transfer of service outcome to customer.


            Revenue from other sources
            Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the
            rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial
            instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


            Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments
            that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which
            they are incurred.


            Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established,
            it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the
            amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.


            Contract liabilities
            A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or the payment is due (whichever is
            earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities
            are recognised as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the
            related goods or services to the customer).
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    181

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                              31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Share-based payments
    The Company and a subsidiary of the Group operate a share option scheme and share award schemes
    for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the
    success of the Group’s operations. Employees (including directors) of the Group receive remuneration
    in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for equity
    instruments (“equity-settled transactions”).


    The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at
    the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer using a binomial
    model.


    The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a
    corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions
    are fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each
    reporting period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and
    the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or
    credit to profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognised as
    at the beginning and end of that period.


    Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant
    date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the
    Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance
    conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but
    without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting
    conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award
    unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.


    For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have
    not been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition,
    the transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is
    satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.


    Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as
    if the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense
    is recognised for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is
    otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.
182   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Share-based payments (continued)
            Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation,
            and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately. This includes any award
            where non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the employee are not met.
            However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a replacement
            award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a
            modification of the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.


            The dilutive effect of outstanding equity-settled award is reflected as additional share dilution in the
            computation of earnings per share.


            Other employee benefits
            Pension schemes
            The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the
            "MPF Scheme”) in Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those
            employees who are eligible to participate in the MPF Scheme. Contributions are made based on a
            percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable
            in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately
            from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s employer contributions
            vest fully and immediately with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme. There is no
            forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group to reduce the existing level of contribution. The
            Group has no further obligations for post-retirement benefit beyond the contributions.


            The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC and overseas are required to participate in
            a central pension scheme operated by the local government. Certain subsidiaries are required to
            contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the pension schemes at the applicable rates
            based on the amounts stipulated by the local government organisations. The only obligation of the
            Group with respect to the pension schemes is to pay the required ongoing contributions. Contributions
            under the schemes are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules
            of the pension schemes.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     183

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
    (CONTINUED)
    Borrowing costs
    Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
    i.e. assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
    are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases
    when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned
    on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is
    deducted from the borrowing costs capitalised. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period
    in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in
    connection with the borrowing of funds.


    Dividends
    Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
    meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.


    Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum
    and articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently,
    interim dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.


    Foreign currencies
    These financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company’s functional currency.
    Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial
    statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions
    recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency
    rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
    currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting
    period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or
    loss.


    Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss
    with the exception of monetary items that are designated as part of the hedge of the Group’s net
    investment of a foreign operation. These are recognised in other comprehensive income until the net
    investment is disposed of, at which time the cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or loss. Tax
    charges and credits attributable to exchange differences on those monetary items are also recorded in
    other comprehensive income.
184   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      2.4 S U M M A R Y O F S I G N I F I C A N T A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S
          (CONTINUED)
            Foreign currencies (continued)
            Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
            using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at
            fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair
            value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair
            value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e.
            translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive
            income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss,
            respectively).


            In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
            derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration,
            the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary
            asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments
            or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the
            advance consideration.


            The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are currencies
            other than the HK$. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities
            are translated into HK$ at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their
            statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income are translated into HK$ at the exchange
            rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.


            The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated
            in the exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other
            comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.


            Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the
            carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of
            the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.


            For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries
            are translated into HK$ at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring
            cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into HK$ at the
            weighted average exchange rates for the year.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    185

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements,
   estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and
   liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty
   about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material
   adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.


   Judgements
   In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following
   judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the
   amounts recognised in the financial statements:


   Revenue from contracts with customers
   The Group applied the following judgements that significantly affect the determination of the amount
   and timing of revenue from contracts with customers:


   Determining the method to estimate variable consideration and assessing
   the constraint for the sale of TV, mobile devices and other products
   Certain contracts for the sale of TV, mobile devices and other products include volume rebates that
   give rise to variable consideration. In estimating the variable consideration, the Group is required to
   use either the expected value method or the most likely amount method based on which method better
   predicts the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled.


   In estimating the variable consideration for the sale of TV, mobile devices and other products with
   volume rebates, the Group determined that using a combination of the most likely amount method and
   the expected value method is appropriate. The selected method that better predicts the amount of
   variable consideration related to volume rebates is primarily driven by the number of volume thresholds
   contained in the contract. The most likely amount method is used for those contracts with a single
   volume threshold, while the expected value method is used for contracts with more than one volume
   threshold.


   Before including any amount of variable consideration in the transaction price, the Group considers
   whether the amount of variable consideration is constrained. The Group determined that the estimates
   of variable consideration are not constrained based on its historical experience, business forecast
   and the current economic conditions. In addition, the uncertainty on the variable consideration will be
   resolved within a short time frame.
186   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
         (CONTINUED)
            Judgements (continued)
            Property lease classification – the Group as lessor
            The Group has entered into various commercial and industrial properties leases on its investment
            properties portfolio. The Group has determined, based on an evaluation of the terms and conditions
            of the arrangements, such as the lease term not constituting a major part of the economic life of the
            commercial or industrial property and the present value of the minimum lease payments not amounting
            to substantially all the fair value of the commercial or industrial property, that it retains substantially
            all the significant risks and rewards incidental to ownership of these properties which are leased out
            and accounts for the contracts as operating leases.


            Classification between investment properties and owner-occupied
            properties
            The Group determines whether a property qualifies as an investment property, and has developed
            criteria in making that judgement. Investment property is a property held to earn rentals or for capital
            appreciation or both. Therefore, the Group considers whether a property generates cash flows largely
            independently of the other assets held by the Group. Some properties comprise a portion that is held
            to earn rentals or for capital appreciation and another portion that is held for use in the production or
            supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. If these portions could be sold separately
            or leased out separately under a finance lease, the Group accounts for the portions separately. If the
            portions could not be sold separately, the property is an investment property only if an insignificant
            portion is held for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes.
            Judgement is made on an individual property basis to determine whether ancillary services are so
            significant that a property does not qualify as an investment property.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   187

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2022




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
   Estimation uncertainty
   The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end
   of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
   amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.


   Variable consideration for volume rebates
   The Group estimates variable consideration to be included in the transaction price for the sale of TV
   and other products with volume rebates.


   The Group’s expected volume rebates are analysed on a per customer basis for contracts that are
   subject to a single volume threshold. Determining whether a customer will likely be entitled to a rebate
   depends on the customer’s historical rebate entitlement and accumulated purchases to date.


   The Group applied a statistical model for estimating expected volume rebates for contracts with more
   than one volume threshold. The model uses the historical purchasing patterns and rebate entitlement
   of customers to determine the expected rebate percentages and the expected value of the variable
   consideration. Any significant changes in experience as compared to historical purchasing patterns and
   rebate entitlements of customers will impact the expected rebate percentages estimated by the Group.


   The Group updates its assessment of volume rebates monthly and the rebate allowances are adjusted
   accordingly. Estimates of volume rebates are sensitive to changes in circumstances and the Group’s
   past experience regarding rebate entitlements may not be representative of customers’ actual rebate
   entitlements in the future. As at 31 December 2022, the amount recognised as rebate allowance was
   HK$1,981,422,000 (2021: HK$2,279,951,000) for the expected rebates.


   Impairment of goodwill
   The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an
   estimation of the value-in-use of the CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value-
   in-use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the CGUs
   and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash
   flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 2022 was HK$3,195,180,000 (2021:
   HK$3,322,316,000). Further details are given in note 17 to the financial statements.
188   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
         (CONTINUED)
            Estimation uncertainty (continued)
            Provision for ECLs on trade and other receivables
            The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade and other receivables. The provision
            rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss
            patterns (i.e., by geography, product type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit
            and other forms of credit insurance).


            The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will
            calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For
            instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are expected to deteriorate
            over the next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the manufacturing sector, the
            historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are
            updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.


            The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic
            conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in
            circumstances and forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and
            forecast of economic conditions may also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in
            the future. The information about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables and other receivables is
            disclosed in notes 23 and 25 to the financial statements, respectively.


            Leases – Estimating the IBR
            The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an IBR
            to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow
            over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar
            value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the
            Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as
            for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect
            the terms and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional
            currency). The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when
            available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-alone
            credit rating).
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     189

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
   Estimation uncertainty (continued)
   Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)
   The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets
   (including the right-of -use assets) at the end of each reporting period. Indefinite life intangible assets
   are tested for impairment annually and at other times when such an indicator exists. Other non-financial
   assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be
   recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a CGU exceeds its recoverable
   amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value-in-use. The calculation
   of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in
   an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for
   disposing of the asset. When value-in-use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate
   the expected future cash flows from the asset or CGU and choose a suitable discount rate in order to
   calculate the present value of those cash flows.


   Deferred tax assets
   Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable
   profit will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is
   required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely
   timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. Further details are
   contained in note 34 to the financial statements.


   Fair value of unlisted equity investments
   The unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a market-based valuation technique as
   detailed in note 46 to the financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the
   comparable public companies (peers) and select the price multiple. In addition, the Group makes
   estimates about the discount for illiquidity and size differences. The Group classifies the fair value
   of these investments as Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity investments at 31 December
   2022 was HK$183,629,000 (2021: HK$124,552,000). Further details are included in note 21 to the
   financial statements.


   Fair value of financial instruments determined using valuation techniques
   Fair value of financial instruments, in the absence of an active market, is estimated by using
   appropriate valuation techniques. Such valuations were based on certain assumptions about credit
   risk, volatility and liquidity risks, associated with the instruments, which are subject to uncertainty and
   might materially differ from the actual results. Further details are included in note 46 to the financial
   statements.
190   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
         (CONTINUED)
            Estimation uncertainty (continued)
            Useful lives and impairment of property, plant and equipment
            The Group determines the useful lives and related depreciation charges for its property, plant
            and equipment based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of property, plant and
            equipment of similar nature and functions. The estimated useful lives could change significantly as a
            result of technical innovations and competitor actions in response to severe industry cycles.


            Management will increase the depreciation charge where useful lives are less than previously
            estimated, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been
            abandoned. Actual economic lives of property, plant and equipment may differ from estimated useful
            lives. Periodic review could result in a change in depreciable lives and, therefore, depreciation in the
            future periods.


            Provision against obsolete and slow-moving inventories
            The Group reviews the condition of its inventories and makes provision against obsolete and slow-
            moving inventory items which are identified as no longer suitable for sale or use. Management
            estimates the net realisable value for such inventories based primarily on the latest invoice prices and
            current market conditions. The Group carries out an inventory review at the end of the reporting period
            and makes provision against obsolete and slow-moving items. Management reassesses the estimation
            at the end of the reporting period.


            The provision against obsolete and slow-moving inventories requires the use of judgements and
            estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact on
            the carrying value of inventories and the write-down of inventories recognised in the periods in which
            such estimates have been changed.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   191

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                          31 December 2022




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
   Estimation uncertainty (continued)
   Warranty provisions
   As further explained in note 33 to the financial statements, the Group makes provisions for the
   warranties it gives on the sale of its products, taking into account the Group’s current sales levels and
   past experience of the level of repairs and returns. As the Group is continually upgrading its product
   designs and launching new models, it is possible that the past experience of the level of repairs and
   returns is not indicative of future claims that it will receive in respect of past sales. Any increase or
   decrease in the actual claims would affect profit or loss in future years.


   PRC corporate income tax
   The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. As a result of the fact that certain matters relating
   to the income taxes have not been confirmed by the local tax bureaus, objective estimates and
   judgements based on currently enacted tax laws, regulations and other related policies are required in
   determining the provision for income taxes to be made. Where the final tax outcome of these matters
   is different from the amounts originally recorded, the differences will impact on the income tax and tax
   provisions in the period in which the differences realise.
192   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
            For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their geographical
            smart screen segments and other product types and has five reportable operating segments as follows:


            (a)    Smart screen segment – manufacture and sale of smart screen in:


                   –      TCL smart screen – the PRC market; and


                   –      TCL smart screen – the international markets;


            (b)    Internet business segment – membership cards, video-on-demand, advertising, vertical
                   application and other new businesses;


            (c)    Smart mobile, connective devices and services segment – manufacture and sale of mobile
                   phones, smart connective products and display and service;


            (d)    All-category marketing segment – distribution of TCL branded air conditioners, refrigerators and
                   washing machines and other household appliances; and


            (e)    Smart commercial display, smart home, photovoltaic and other businesses segment.


            The management of the Company monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately
            for the purpose of making decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment
            performance is evaluated based on segment revenue and gross profit of each operating segment.


            The presentation of reportable operating segments has been revised as detailed in page 193 of this
            annual report, and accordingly the comparative figures of such reportable operating segments have
            been restated, as the management believes that the information regarding such restated segments
            would be useful to the users of these financial statements.
                                                                                                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                                                                 193

                                                                                                                                                                             Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  31 December 2022




4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
   Information regarding these reportable segments, together with their related comparative information,
   is presented below.

                                                                                                                         Smart mobile,                                     Smart commercial display,
                                                                                                                       connective devices                                  smart home, photovoltaic
                                                          Smart screen                         Internet business          and services         All-Category marketing*       and other businesses            Total                Eliminations           Consolidated
                                          TCL Smart screen –        TCL Smart screen –
                                           the PRC market          international markets
                                            2022          2021         2022          2021       2022          2021       2022         2021         2022           2021          2022           2021       2022          2021      2022        2021       2022        2021
                                         HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000   HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                                                                                                                             (restated)                   (restated)


       Segment revenue:
         Sales to external customers   15,194,117 13,238,010 29,999,916 36,028,572          2,298,195    1,849,165 12,956,448 15,935,477      8,243,564     6,371,641       2,659,175    1,424,023 71,351,415 74,846,888        –           – 71,351,415 74,846,888
         Intersegment sales             1,796,179 2,401,943 1,766,617      709,543             13,889       18,153      4,633      2,817            386         1,031         116,165       75,012 3,697,869 3,208,499 (3,697,869) (3,208,499)         –          –


       Total                           16,990,296 15,639,953 31,766,533 36,738,115          2,312,084    1,867,318 12,961,081 15,938,294      8,243,950     6,372,672       2,775,340    1,499,035 75,049,284 78,055,387 (3,697,869) (3,208,499) 71,351,415 74,846,888


       Gross profit                     3,702,991    2,429,129   4,779,836     5,795,769    1,160,033    1,042,269   2,041,469    2,359,633   1,085,467       706,308        341,787       201,201 13,111,583 12,534,309             –           – 13,111,583 12,534,309




   *                  All-category marketing segment has been reclassified to a separate segment from smart
                      commercial display, smart home, photovoltaic and other businesses segment for better decision
                      making of management of the Company.


   Geographical information
                                                                  PRC                                   Europe                                   North America                                       Others                                  Consolidated
                                                        2022                    2021                 2022         2021                           2022          2021                               2022         2021                         2022           2021
                                                     HK$’000                 HK$’000              HK$’000      HK$’000                        HK$’000       HK$’000                            HK$’000      HK$’000                      HK$’000        HK$’000


       Revenue from external
         customers                              23,632,874               19,518,365            9,840,245             11,158,321             18,133,414           22,373,453               19,744,882             21,796,749         71,351,415          74,846,888


       Non-current assets                           8,187,807             8,225,886               193,316               183,882               212,705                     559,841           2,527,935             2,376,250         11,115,763          11,345,859


   The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers. The non-current assets
   information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes deferred tax assets.


   Information about a major customer
   For the year ended 31 December 2022, revenue of approximately HK$8,133,350,000 was derived
   from sales by the TCL smart screen – the PRC market to a single customer, including sales to a group
   of entities which are known to be under common control with that customer. For the year ended 31
   December 2021, no revenue with a single external customer amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s
   total revenue.
194   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
            An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                                      2022          2021
                                                                                   HK$’000       HK$’000


              Revenue from contracts with customers                              71,351,415    74,846,888


            Revenue from contracts with customers
            (i)    Disaggregated revenue information
                   For the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                                  Smart screen
                                                                     and other      Internet
                    Segments                                          products     business         Total
                                                                      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000


                    Types of goods or services
                    Sale of goods                                  68,915,963      139,622     69,055,585
                    Construction services                             137,257            –        137,257
                    Video-on-demand services                                –      517,559        517,559
                    Advertising, vertical application and
                      other new businesses                                   –    1,641,014     1,641,014


                    Total revenue from contracts with customers    69,053,220     2,298,195    71,351,415


                    Geographical markets
                    Mainland China                                 21,835,754     1,797,120    23,632,874
                    Europe                                          9,840,245             –     9,840,245
                    North America                                  17,927,898       205,516    18,133,414
                    Emerging markets                               19,449,323       295,559    19,744,882


                    Total revenue from contracts with customers    69,053,220     2,298,195    71,351,415


                    Timing of revenue recognition
                    Goods transferred at a point in time           68,915,963       139,622    69,055,585
                    Services transferred over time                    137,257       517,559       654,816
                    Services transferred at a point in time                 –     1,641,014     1,641,014


                    Total revenue from contracts with customers    69,053,220     2,298,195    71,351,415
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    195

                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                          31 December 2022




5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   (i)   Disaggregated revenue information (continued)
         For the year ended 31 December 2021


                                                        Smart screen
                                                            and other          Internet
          Segments                                           products        business               Total
                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000


          Types of goods or services
          Sale of goods                                  72,997,723           235,120        73,232,843
          Video-on-demand services                                  –         389,715           389,715
          Advertising, vertical application and
            other new businesses                                    –       1,224,330         1,224,330


          Total revenue from contracts with customers    72,997,723         1,849,165        74,846,888


          Geographical markets
          Mainland China                                 18,028,151         1,490,214        19,518,365
          Europe                                         11,158,321                  –       11,158,321
          North America                                  22,331,632            41,821        22,373,453
          Emerging markets                               21,479,619           317,130        21,796,749


          Total revenue from contracts with customers    72,997,723         1,849,165        74,846,888


          Timing of revenue recognition
          Goods transferred at a point in time           72,997,723           235,120        73,232,843
          Services transferred over time                            –         389,715           389,715
          Services transferred at a point in time                   –       1,224,330         1,224,330


          Total revenue from contracts with customers    72,997,723         1,849,165        74,846,888
196   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
            (i)    Disaggregated revenue information (continued)
                   Set out below is the reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with customers to the amounts
                   disclosed in the segment information:


                   For the year ended 31 December 2022


                                                                  Smart screen
                                                                      and other         Internet
                    Segments                                           products        business            Total
                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000


                    Revenue from contracts with customers
                    External customers                              69,053,220       2,298,195      71,351,415
                    Intersegment sales                               3,683,980           13,889       3,697,869


                                                                    72,737,200       2,312,084      75,049,284
                    Intersegment adjustments and eliminations       (3,683,980)         (13,889)     (3,697,869)


                    Total revenue from contracts with customers     69,053,220       2,298,195      71,351,415


                   For the year ended 31 December 2021


                                                                  Smart screen
                                                                      and other         Internet
                    Segments                                           products        business            Total
                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


                    Revenue from contracts with customers
                    External customers                              72,997,723       1,849,165      74,846,888
                    Intersegment sales                               3,190,346           18,153       3,208,499


                                                                    76,188,069       1,867,318      78,055,387
                    Intersegment adjustments and eliminations       (3,190,346)         (18,153)     (3,208,499)


                    Total revenue from contracts with customers     72,997,723       1,849,165      74,846,888
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   197

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2022




5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   (ii)   Performance obligations
          Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


          Sales of smart screens, mobile devices and other products
          The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the smart screens, mobile devices and
          other products and payment is generally due within 180 days from delivery. Some contracts
          provide customers with a right of return and volume rebates which give rise to variable
          consideration subject to constraint.


          Construction services
          The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment is
          generally due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing.


          Video-on-demand services
          The performance obligation is satisfied over time as the services allow customers to play
          and watch certain videos on the internet platform within the validity period, where payment in
          advance is normally required. The validity period ranging from a few hours to one year depends
          on the respective terms of the service contracts.


          Advertising, vertical application and other new businesses
          The performance obligation is satisfied upon rendering of the services and payment is generally
          due within 30 to 90 days from rendering.


          The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations
          (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:


                                                                                     2022             2021
                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000


           Amounts expected to be recognised as revenue:
             Within one year                                                    1,342,829       2,157,007


          All the amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations are
          expected to be recognised as revenue within one year. The amounts disclosed above do not
          include consideration which is constrained.
198   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
            Other income and gains
                                                                                       2022        2021
                                                                           Notes    HK$’000     HK$’000


              Other income
              Interest income                                               7        631,002    404,475
              Sales of scrap materials                                                 5,641     25,170
              Sales of raw materials                                                       –     58,461
              Government grants                                             7        661,401    635,297
              Foreign exchange differences, net                                    1,345,131          –
              Promotion income                                                         2,191      5,818
              Write-off of balances due to creditors                                   3,610     31,097
              Software development income                                             46,387    129,225
              Gross rental income from investment property operating
                lease:
                Other lease payments, including fixed payments              7        22,250      19,356
              Others                                                                 63,557      61,651


                                                                                   2,781,170   1,370,550


              Gains
              Gain on disposal of other intangible assets, net              7             –       5,593
              Gain on disposal of items of right-of-use assets, net         7         1,545           –
              Claim indemnity                                                         9,153           –
              Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment    7             –      23,111
              Fair value gains, net:
                Derivative instruments – transactions not qualifying
                   as hedges                                                7       176,344            –
                Call options and put option                                 7        53,906            –
              Realised gain on settlement of derivative financial
                instruments                                                 7              –    703,723
              Realised gain on settlement of financial assets at fair
                value through profit or loss                                 7            –      86,986
              Gain on settlement of expired call options                     7       17,579           –
              Gain on liquidation of subsidiaries                            7          104           –
              Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                              41        4,425           –
              Gain on partial disposal of an associate                       7            –     740,988
              Deemed gain on partial acquisition of a joint venture          7        7,749           –
              Deemed gain on partial disposal of associates                  7            –      61,993
              Others                                                                 88,976      36,084


                                                                                    359,781    1,658,478


                                                                                   3,140,951   3,029,028
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   199

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2022




6. FINANCE COSTS
   An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                                   2022             2021
                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000


    Interest on:
      Bank and other loans                                                       573,094          331,038
      Loans from companies controlled by TCL Holdings                             45,055           22,515
      Imputed interest on a financial liability arising from a put option         31,510             5,460
      Interest expense on lease liabilities                                       18,041           22,187
      Discounting bills receivable from a company controlled
        by TCL Holdings                                                              971                 –
      Loans from a company controlled by TCL Technology                                 –          17,179
      Discounting bills receivable from a company controlled
        by TCL Technology                                                               –            2,481


                                                                                 668,671          400,860
200   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      7. PROFIT BEFORE TAX
            The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                            2022         2021
                                                                             Notes       HK$’000      HK$’000


              Cost of inventories sold and services provided                          58,239,832    62,312,579
              Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                    14        401,441      348,606
              Depreciation of investment properties                            15         14,078       14,922
              Depreciation of right-of-use assets                            16(a)       204,799      166,251
              Depreciation of other deferred assets                                       16,509         1,043
              Research and development costs                                           2,531,283     2,480,566
              Amortisation of other intangible assets                          18        622,922      599,069
              Lease payments not included in the measurement
                of lease liabilities                                                      87,781      138,075
              Auditor’s remuneration                                                      11,937       11,649
              Employee benefit expenses
                (including directors’ remuneration):                           8
                Wages and salaries                                                     4,925,322     5,311,468
                Equity-settled share option expense                                           91         1,912
                Employee share-based compensation
                  benefits under the Award Scheme                                        147,629      132,163
                Share award benefits of a subsidiary                                           –       39,536
                Defined contribution expenses                                            495,187      504,560


                                                                                       5,568,229     5,989,639


              Foreign exchange differences, net                                       (1,345,131)     496,816
              Impairment of financial assets, net:
                Impairment of trade receivables                                23        83,408        31,827
                Impairment of other receivables                                25         8,112         2,716


                                                                                         91,520        34,543
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022         201

                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                   31 December 2022




7. PROFIT BEFORE TAX (CONTINUED)
   The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting) (continued):


                                                                                           2022               2021
                                                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                         Notes                           (Restated)


       Impairment of goodwill                                              17                 –             12,049**
       Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                                148,162            381,395
       Rental income, net                                                  5            (22,250)           (19,356)
       Interest income                                                     5           (631,002)          (404,475)
       Government grants*
         Credited to other income and gains                                5           (661,401)          (635,297)
         Deducted from cost of sales and relevant expenses                              (12,393)           (52,723)


                                                                                       (673,794)          (688,020)


       Fair value (gains)/losses, net:
         Derivative instruments – transactions not qualifying
            as hedges                                                                  (176,344)            47,142
         Call options and put option                                                    (53,906)           (24,791)
       Realised (gain)/loss on settlement, net:
         Derivative financial instruments                                             1,295,490           (703,723)
         Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                          (78,589)           (86,986)
       Gain on settlement of expired call options                          5            (17,579)                 –
       (Gain)/loss on disposal of items of property,
         plant and equipment, net                                                         1,898**          (23,111)
       (Gain)/loss on disposal of other intangible assets, net                              741**           (5,593)
       Gain on disposal of items of right-of-use assets, net               5             (1,545)                  –
       (Gain)/loss on liquidation of subsidiaries                                          (104)            16,750 **
       (Gain)/loss on disposal of subsidiaries                             41            (4,425)                 2 **
       Loss on disposal of an associate                                                 298,071**                 –
       Gain on partial disposal of an associate                            5                  –           (740,988)
       Deemed (gain)/loss on partial disposal of associates                               9,329**          (61,993)
       Deemed gain on partial acquisition of a joint venture               5             (7,749)                  –
       Loss on liquidation of an associate                                                1,174**                 –
       Product warranty provision, net                                                  689,500            772,885


   Notes:


   *        Certain government grants have been received related to the Group’s day-to-day activities. Government
            grants including value-added tax (“VAT”) refund and national patent subsidies are recorded in “Other income
            and gains” in the consolidated statement of profit and loss and other comprehensive income. There are no
            unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these grants.


   **       These items are included in "Other operating expenses" on the face of the consolidated statement of profit
            or loss and other comprehensive income.
202   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ REMUNERATION
            Directors’ and chief executives’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing
            the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the "Listing Rules”), section 383(1)(a),
            (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of
            Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000


              Fees                                                                       1,067           1,350

              Other emoluments:
                Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                2,591           3,536
                Discretionary performance related bonuses                                5,261           6,186
                Equity-settled share option benefits                                          8            211
                Employee share-based compensation benefits
                  under the Award Scheme                                                38,748          30,299
                Pension scheme contributions                                               151             146

                                                                                        46,759          40,378

                                                                                        47,826          41,728
                                                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                            203

                                                                                                              Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                                                    31 December 2022




8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
  (a) Independent non-executive directors
      The remuneration paid to independent non-executive directors during the year was as follows:


                                                                 2022                                                                   2021
                                                                                                                                                         Employee
                                                                                  Employee                                                             share-based
                                                                   Equity-      share-based                                               Equity-    compensation
                                                 Discretionary     settled    compensation                              Discretionary     settled          benefits
                                                  performance        share          benefits                            performance         share        under the
                                                       related      option        under the           Total                   related      option            Award           Total
                                          Fees        bonuses#    benefits   Award Scheme      remuneration      Fees       bonuses      benefits          Scheme     remuneration
                                       HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000


       Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF
           (note (i))                     138               –           –                 –            138       300               –            4               13            317
       Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter
           (note (ii))                      –              –            –                 –              –         –               –            –                –              –
       Professor WANG Yijiang             300            100            –                 –            400       300               –            4               13            317
       Mr. LAU Siu Ki                     300            100            –                 –            400       300               –            4               13            317


                                          738            200            –                 –            938       900               –           12               39            951


      No other emoluments were payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year
      (2021: Nil).
204   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ REMUNERATION
         (CONTINUED)
            (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and chief executives
                   The remuneration paid to executive directors, non-executive directors and chief executives during
                   the year was as follows:


                                                                                                                          Employee
                                                                                                                        share-based
                                                                     Salaries,                                        compensation
                                                                  allowances        Discretionary   Equity-settled          benefits        Pension
                                                                 and benefits        performance     share option         under the         scheme            Total
                                                          Fees        in kind    related bonuses#         benefits   Award Scheme      contributions   remuneration
                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000             HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


                    2022
                    Executive directors:
                      Ms. DU Juan (note (iii))               –             –                  –                 –                –                –              –
                      Mr. YAN Xiaolin                        –             –                100                 –            7,267                –          7,367
                      Mr. HU Dien Chien                      –         1,659              1,977                 –                –               29          3,665


                                                             –         1,659              2,077                 –            7,267               29         11,032


                    Non-executive directors:
                      Mr. WANG Cheng (note(iv))             –               –               100                 6           15,763                –         15,869
                      Mr. SUN Li                            –               –                 –                 –            5,209                –          5,209
                      Mr. LI Yuhao                        225               –               100                 –                –                –            325
                      Mr. Albert Thomas
                        DA ROSA, Junior (note (v))        104               –                  –                –                 –               –            104


                                                          329               –               200                 6           20,972                –         21,507


                    Chief executive:
                      Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong (note (vi))         –           932              2,784                 2           10,509              122         14,349


                                                          329          2,591              5,061                 8           38,748              151         46,888
                                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                        205

                                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                               31 December 2022




8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
  (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and chief executives
      (continued)
                                                                                                                  Employee
                                                                                                                share-based
                                                                 Salaries,   Discretionary         Equity-    compensation
                                                              allowances     performance          settled           benefits        Pension
                                                             and benefits          related   share option         under the         scheme            Total
                                                      Fees         in kind       bonuses#        benefits    Award Scheme      contributions   remuneration
                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


          2021
          Executive directors:
            Mr. LI Dongsheng (note (vii))                –           393               –               41              149               18            601
            Ms. DU Juan (note (iii))                     –             –               –                –                –                –              –
            Mr. YAN Xiaolin                              –             –               –                4            6,697                –          6,701
            Mr. HU Dien Chien                            –         1,665           2,641                –                –               24          4,330


                                                         –         2,058           2,641               45            6,846               42         11,632


          Non-executive directors:
            Mr. WANG Cheng (note(iv))                    –           949           2,630             136            14,992               64         18,771
            Mr. Albert Thomas
              DA ROSA, Junior (note (v))              225               –               –               4               13                –            242
            Mr. SUN Li                                  –               –               –               –            4,791                –          4,791
            Mr. LI Yuhao                              225               –               –               –                –                –            225


                                                      450            949           2,630             140            19,796               64         24,029


          Chief executives:
            Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong (note (vi))               –           487             860               13            3,382               37          4,779
            Mr. WU Jiyu (note (viii))                    –            42              55                1              236                3            337


                                                         –           529             915               14            3,618               40          5,116


                                                      450          3,536           6,186             199            30,260             146          40,777


      #
                    The discretionary performance related bonuses for each of the financial year represents the
                    estimated amount of such bonuses determined based on the performance targets set for the relevant
                    individual Director and chief executive, whereas the actual amount would only be determined and
                    paid after the end of the financial year with reference to the financial performance of the Group and
                    the performance of the individual Director or chief executive and subject to approval by the Board
                    and/or the Remuneration Committee.
206   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ REMUNERATION
         (CONTINUED)
            (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and chief executives
                (continued)
                   Notes:


                   (i)      Mr. Robert Maarten WESTERHOF retired as an independent non-executive director of the Company
                            with effect from 17 June 2022.


                   (ii)     Dr. TSENG Shieng-chang Carter agreed to waive his remuneration as a director for the year ended 31
                            December 2022 of HK$400,000 (2021: HK$300,000) and such remuneration will be donated by the
                            Company for charity use.


                   (iii)    Ms. DU Juan was appointed as an executive director of the Company with the effect from 9 August
                            2021.


                   (iv)     Mr. WANG Cheng was re-designated from an executive director to a non-executive director of the
                            Company with effect from 9 August 2021. All his remuneration for the year 2021 was considered to
                            be those of executive director.


                   (v)      Mr. Albert Thomas DA ROSA, Junior retired as a non-executive director of the Company with effect
                            from 17 June 2022.


                   (vi)     Mr. ZHANG Shaoyong was appointed as a Co-CEO of the Company with effect from 9 August 2021
                            and re-designated as a CEO with effect from 20 August 2021.


                   (vii)    Mr. LI Dongsheng resigned as an executive director of the Company with effect from 9 August 2021.


                   (viii)   Mr. WU Jiyu was appointed as a Co-CEO of the Company with effect from 9 August 2021 and resigned
                            as a Co-CEO of the Company with effect from 20 August 2021.
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   207

                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                        31 December 2022




8. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
  (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and chief executives
      (continued)
      Save as disclosed in note (ii) above, there was no arrangement under which a director or chief
      executive of the Company returned, waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year.


      Save as disclosed above, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any director or chief
      executive of the Company as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation
      for loss of office.


      During the year, there were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of (i) directors
      of the Company and of a holding company of the Company; (ii) bodies corporate controlled by
      such directors; and (iii) entities connected with such directors, and there were no consideration
      provided to or receivable by third parties for making available directors’ services.


      Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions” under Report of the Directors
      in this annual report, none of the directors of the Company or their connected entities had a
      material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contract of
      significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries,
      holding companies or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the year ended 31 December 2022.


      The executive directors’ and chief executives’ emoluments shown above were paid for their
      services in connection with the management of affairs of the Company and the Group; and the
      non-executive directors’ and independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above
      were for their services as directors of the Company, except for certain employee share-based
      compensation benefits under the Award Scheme paid to Mr. WANG Cheng, Mr. YAN Xiaolin
      and Mr. SUN Li during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, which represented the
      awarded shares of the Company granted as replacement of the incentives granted under the
      incentive scheme adopted by Falcon Network Technology, a subsidiary of the Company. For
      details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 19 May 2021.
208   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      9. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
            The five highest paid employees during the year included three (2021: two) directors, details of whose
            remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration of the remaining two (2021:
            three) non-directors, highest paid employees for the year are as follows:


                                                                                           2022            2021
                                                                                        HK$’000        HK$’000


              Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                   2,025           3,662
              Discretionary performance related bonuses                                   2,784           5,963
              Equity-settled share option benefits                                            2             108
              Employee share-based compensation benefits under the
                Award Scheme                                                             18,637          21,158
              Pension scheme contributions                                                  231             295


                                                                                         23,679          31,186


            During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the two non-directors, highest paid
            employees disclosed above as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
            loss of office.


            The number of non-directors, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following
            bands are as follows:


                                                                                          Number of employees
                                                                                           2022            2021


              HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                     –               1
              HK$9,000,001 to HK$9,500,000                                                    1                 –
              HK$11,000,001 to HK$11,500,000                                                   –               1
              HK$13,500,001 to HK$14,000,000                                                   –               1
              HK$14,000,001 to HK$14,500,000                                                  1                 –


                                                                                              2                3
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    209

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2022




10. ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
   On 20 May 2021, the Group decided to dispose of a piece of its land located in the Mainland China.
   The disposal is expected to be completed in 2023. As at 31 December 2022, final negotiations for the
   sale were in progress and the land and the buildings were classified as current assets held for sale.


11. INCOME TAX
   Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%) on the estimated
   assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the year. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have
   been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing in the countries/jurisdictions in which the Group operates.


                                                                                     2022             2021
                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000


    Current – Hong Kong
      Charge for the year                                                           7,449           24,723
      (Overprovision)/underprovision in prior years                                  (479)           1,644
    Current – Elsewhere
      Charge for the year                                                        356,102          233,514
      (Overprovision)/underprovision in prior years                                47,357          (12,351)
    Deferred                                                                    (128,825)          (79,054)


    Total tax charge for the year                                                281,604          168,476
210   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      11. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
            A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory/applicable rates for
            the countries/jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to
            the tax expense at the effective tax rate is as follows:


                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                                         HK$’000          HK$’000


              Profit before tax                                                          835,528        1,447,766


              Tax at the statutory/applicable tax rates of
                different countries/jurisdictions                                        544,947          820,559
              Lower tax rates for specific provinces or enacted by local authority      (140,504)          (95,469)
              Previously unrecognised tax losses used to reduce deferred tax expense      (16,127)                –
              Effect on shares transfer within the Group                                         –        (234,125)
              Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous periods                    46,878          (10,707)
              Profits and losses attributable to joint ventures and associates            (21,439)         (13,380)
              Income not subject to tax                                                 (185,196)         (139,514)
              Super deduction of R&D expenditures                                       (161,084)          (71,584)
              Expenses not deductible for tax                                            144,847            43,149
              Tax losses utilised from previous periods                                 (148,223)         (239,837)
              Tax losses not recognised                                                  217,505          109,384


              Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                   281,604          168,476


            The share of tax attributable to joint ventures and associates amounting to tax credit of HK$
            2,613,000 (2021: tax credit of HK$1,770,000) and tax credit of HK$18,826,000 (2021: tax credit
            of HK$11,610,000), respectively, is included in "Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and
            associates" in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


            In accordance with the relevant tax rules and regulations of the PRC, certain of the Group’s subsidiaries
            in the PRC enjoy a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15%, and one subsidiary in the PRC enjoys
            a preferential corporate income tax rate of 10%. Also, one subsidiary of the Group in Mainland China
            enjoys a total exemption of corporate income tax for the first year and a preferential corporate income
            tax rate of 10% for the following five years.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   211

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                          31 December 2022




12. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                   2022             2021
                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000


    Proposed final dividend – HK12.70 cents
       (2021: HK16.70 cents) per ordinary share                                 317,472         414,153


   The Board resolved to not declare any dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2022 (30 June 2021:
   Nil).


   The above amount of proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 was calculated
   based on the number of shares of the Company as at 31 December 2022 for illustration. The proposed
   final dividend for the year is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the forthcoming
   annual general meeting (“AGM”). These consolidated financial statements do not reflect this dividend
   payable.


13. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
    EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
   The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year attributable
   to ordinary equity holders of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of the
   Company of 2,412,318,560 (2021: 2,403,808,710) in issue during the year.
212   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      13. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
          EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT (CONTINUED)
            The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year
            attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary shares
            used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares of the Company in issue during the year, as
            used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares
            assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive
            potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.


            The calculations of the basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                                   2022             2021
                                                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000


              Earnings
              Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
                used in the basic and diluted earnings per share calculations                  447,007       1,183,999


                                                                                                 Number of shares
                                                                                                   2022             2021


              Shares
              Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less shares
                held for the Award Scheme during the year used in the basic earnings per
                share calculation                                                          2,412,318,560   2,403,808,710


              Effect of dilution – weighted average number of ordinary shares:
                Share options                                                                   277,097      11,739,101
                Awarded shares                                                               89,246,219      77,246,828


              Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year used
                in the diluted earnings per share calculation                              2,501,841,876   2,492,794,639
                                                                TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022              213

                                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                           31 December 2022




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                              Furniture,
                                     Land and     Leasehold    Plant and    fixtures and     Motor    Construction
                                     buildings improvements    machinery     equipment     vehicles    in progress        Total
                                     HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


   31 December 2022


   At 1 January 2022
     Cost                           2,430,229      514,000    2,244,894        913,068      21,922       235,426     6,359,539
     Accumulated depreciation and
       impairment                   (901,973)     (359,999)   (1,427,643)     (595,345)    (13,574)              –   (3,298,534)


   Net carrying amount              1,528,256      154,001      817,251        317,723       8,348       235,426     3,061,005


   At 1 January 2022, net of
     accumulated depreciation and
     impairment                     1,528,256      154,001      817,251        317,723       8,348       235,426     3,061,005
   Additions                          18,505        20,337      100,701         90,980       2,391       214,187       447,101
   Disposals                            (137)       (1,916)     (43,989)         (4,117)      (488)        (1,972)     (52,619)
   Transfer to other intangible
     assets (note 18)                       –             –            –              –          –        (87,063)     (87,063)
   Transfer to other deferred
     assets                                 –             –            –              –          –        (49,363)     (49,363)
   Transfers                          48,204        11,157      157,073         69,920           –       (286,354)            –
   Depreciation provided
     during the year                  (97,483)     (43,682)    (138,352)      (120,975)       (949)              –    (401,441)
   Exchange realignment               (78,785)      (9,825)     (55,988)       (23,422)       (631)       (10,322)    (178,973)


   At 31 December 2022, net of
     accumulated depreciation and
     impairment                     1,418,560      130,072      836,696        330,109       8,671         14,539    2,738,647


   At 31 December 2022:
     Cost                           2,345,919      504,242    2,180,670        971,693      19,392         14,539    6,036,455
     Accumulated depreciation
       and impairment               (927,359)     (374,170)   (1,343,974)     (641,584)    (10,721)              –   (3,297,808)


   Net carrying amount              1,418,560      130,072      836,696        330,109       8,671         14,539    2,738,647
214   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                                                                                       Furniture,
                                              Land and     Leasehold    Plant and    fixtures and     Motor    Construction
                                              buildings improvements    machinery     equipment     vehicles    in progress         Total
                                              HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


              31 December 2021


              At 1 January 2021
                Cost                         2,389,405      429,237    1,955,945        734,652      21,054       180,437     5,710,730
                Accumulated depreciation
                  and impairment              (789,025)    (327,703)   (1,330,300)     (493,924)    (12,588)             –    (2,953,540)


              Net carrying amount            1,600,380      101,534      625,645        240,728       8,466       180,437     2,757,190


              At 1 January 2021, net of
                 accumulated depreciation
                 and impairment              1,600,380      101,534      625,645        240,728       8,466       180,437     2,757,190
              Additions                          4,936       20,508       94,713        107,733         855       459,995       688,740
              Transfer to investment
                 properties (note 15)           (2,034)            –            –              –          –              –        (2,034)
              Disposals                         (1,319)        (874)      (13,257)        (9,539)       (10)       (14,910)      (39,909)
              Transfer to other intangible
                 assets (note 18)                    –             –            –              –          –        (47,691)      (47,691)
              Transfer to assets held
                 for sale (note 10)             (1,948)            –            –              –          –              –        (1,948)
              Transfers                              –       70,561      215,489         61,909           –      (347,959)             –
              Depreciation provided
                 during the year               (98,909)     (39,960)    (120,496)       (88,090)     (1,151)             –     (348,606)
              Exchange realignment             27,150         2,232       15,157          4,982         188          5,554       55,263


              At 31 December 2021, net of
                 accumulated depreciation
                 and impairment              1,528,256      154,001      817,251        317,723       8,348       235,426     3,061,005


              At 31 December 2021:
                Cost                         2,430,229      514,000    2,244,894        913,068      21,922       235,426     6,359,539
                Accumulated depreciation
                  and impairment              (901,973)    (359,999)   (1,427,643)     (595,345)    (13,574)             –    (3,298,534)


              Net carrying amount            1,528,256      154,001      817,251        317,723       8,348       235,426     3,061,005
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022        215

                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                   31 December 2022




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
   Note:


   As at 31 December 2022, certain buildings of the Group situated in Hohhot, the PRC, with an aggregate carrying
   amount of HK$82,966,000 (2021: HK$99,137,000), did not have the building ownership certificates registered
   under the names of the respective subsidiaries of the Group. Moreover, the land transfer procedures of the land on
   which the relevant buildings were constructed have been completed and the related land premium has been finalised
   with the Ministry of Land and Resources of the PRC.


   In the opinion of the directors, the risk of the Group not being able to obtain the legal titles for the relevant
   buildings is low and the Group will continue to pursue and discuss with the Ministry of Land and Resources of
   Mainland China for the final settlement and complete the ownership registration of the buildings.



15. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000


    Carrying amount at 1 January                                                       569,177           579,559
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment (note 14)                                      –            2,034
    Depreciation provided during the year (note 7)                                      (14,078)          (14,922)
    Exchange realignment                                                                 (9,299)            2,506


    Carrying amount at 31 December                                                     545,800           569,177


   The Group’s investment properties mainly consist of commercial, residential and industrial properties
   located in Hong Kong, the PRC and Mexico with the carrying amounts of HK$11,896,000 (2021:
   HK$12,345,000), HK$430,803,000 (2021: HK$456,097,000) and HK$103,101,000 (2021:
   HK$100,735,000), respectively, and are held under operating lease arrangements.


   According to the valuation results provided by independent third parties, the fair values of the
   investment properties located in Hong Kong, the PRC and Mexico approximate to HK$106,600,000
   (2021: HK$114,500,000), HK$476,053,000 (2021: HK$479,461,000) and HK$266,540,000 (2021:
   HK$267,938,000), respectively.
216   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      16. LEASES
            The Group as a lessee
            The Group has lease contracts for various items of plant and properties, motor vehicles and other
            equipment used in its operations. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land
            from the owners with lease periods of 20 to 70 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the
            terms of these land leases. Leases of plant and properties generally have lease terms between 1 and
            10 years, while motor vehicles generally have lease terms between 2 and 5 years. Other equipment
            generally has lease terms of 12 months or less and/or is individually of low value. There are several
            lease contracts that include extension and termination options and variable lease payments, which are
            further discussed below.


            (a) Right-of-use assets
                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are
                   as follows:


                                                       Leasehold   Plant and      Motor         Other
                                                            land   properties   vehicles   equipment        Total
                                                        HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000


                    As at 1 January 2021                514,601     327,288       2,391           89      844,369
                    Additions                           142,151     214,059       1,088            –      357,298
                    Transfer to assets held for sale     (1,976)          –           –            –       (1,976)
                    Depreciation charge (note 7)        (12,092)   (152,575)     (1,537)         (47)    (166,251)
                    Lease modification                        –      39,085         (30)           –       39,055
                    Exchange realignment                  7,177          (4)       (126)         (12)       7,035


                    As at 31 December 2021 and
                      1 January 2022                    649,861     427,853       1,786           30    1,079,530
                    Additions                                 –     169,122       1,377            –      170,499
                    Depreciation charge (note 7)        (12,965)   (190,698)     (1,093)         (43)    (204,799)
                    Lease modification                        –      (2,910)          –            –       (2,910)
                    Exchange realignment                (25,395)    (24,652)        (49)          13      (50,083)


                    As at 31 December 2022              611,501     378,715       2,021            –     992,237
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       217

                                                                   Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                          31 December 2022




16. LEASES (CONTINUED)
   (b) Lease liabilities
       The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                   2022             2021
                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000


        As at 1 January                                                        460,504          346,032
        New leases                                                             150,478          211,075
        Lease modification                                                       (7,332)          38,656
        Accretion of interest recognised during the year                         18,041           22,187
        Payments                                                              (185,353)         (157,364)
        Exchange realignment                                                    (26,597)                 (82)


        As at 31 December                                                      409,741          460,504


        Analysed into:
          Current portion                                                      153,915          140,820
          Non-current portion                                                  255,826          319,684


       The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 47 to the financial statements.
218   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      16. LEASES (CONTINUED)
            (c)    The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                             2022           2021
                                                                                          HK$’000       HK$’000


                    Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                 18,041         22,187
                    Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                            204,799        166,251
                    Expense relating to short-term leases and leases
                      of low-value assets                                                  87,781        138,075
                    Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                          (1,277)          (451)


                    Total amount recognised in profit or loss                             309,344        326,062


            (d)    The total cash outflow for leases and future cash outflows relating to leases that have not yet
                   commenced are disclosed in notes 42(c) and 43(b), respectively, to the financial statements.


                   The Group as a lessor
                   The Group leases its investment properties (note 15) consisting of various commercial,
                   residential and industrial properties in Hong Kong, the PRC and Mexico under operating lease
                   arrangements. The terms of the leases generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and
                   provide for periodic rent adjustments according to the then prevailing market conditions. Rental
                   income recognised by the Group during the year was HK$22,250,000 (2021: HK$19,356,000),
                   details of which are included in note 5 to the financial statements.


                   At 31 December 2022, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future
                   periods under non-cancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:


                                                                                             2022           2021
                                                                                          HK$’000       HK$’000


                    Within one year                                                        37,365         20,218
                    After one year but within two years                                    20,757         10,602
                    After two years but within three years                                 10,650            564
                    After three years but within four years                                10,442            193
                    After four years but within five years                                 10,601            313
                    After five years                                                         6,303                –


                                                                                           96,118         31,890
                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   219

                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                    31 December 2022




17. GOODWILL
                                                                                           HK$’000


   At 1 January 2021:
     Cost                                                                                3,352,364
     Accumulated impairment                                                                 (50,983)


   Net carrying amount                                                                   3,301,381


   Cost at 1 January 2021, net of accumulated impairment                                 3,301,381
     Impairment during the year (note 7)                                                    (12,049)
     Exchange realignment                                                                    32,984


   Cost and net carrying amount at 31 December 2021                                      3,322,316


   At 31 December 2021:
     Cost                                                                                3,385,348
     Accumulated impairment                                                                 (63,032)


   Net carrying amount                                                                   3,322,316


   Cost at 1 January 2022, net of accumulated impairment                                 3,322,316
     Exchange realignment                                                                  (127,136)


   Cost and net carrying amount at 31 December 2022                                      3,195,180


   At 31 December 2022:
     Cost                                                                                3,258,212
     Accumulated impairment                                                                 (63,032)


   Net carrying amount                                                                   3,195,180
220   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      17. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
            Impairment testing of goodwill
            Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following CGUs for impairment
            testing:


            •        PRC TV products with the TCL brand (“PRC TCL TV CGU”)
            •        Commercial display products (“Commercial Display Products CGU”)
            •        Falcon internet business (“Falcon Internet Business CGU”)
            •        Smart mobile, connective devices and services (“Smart Mobile, Connective devices and Services
                     CGU”)
            •        Brazil TV products with the TCL brand and other household products (“Brazil TCL TV and Other
                     Household Products CGU”)
            •        Others*


            *        The others represented certain CGUs which individually form an insignificant portion of the
                     goodwill amount of the Group.


            The recoverable amount of each CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation
            using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved by
            senior management. The discount rate applied to cash flow projections and the growth rate used to
            extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year period of each CGU are as follows:


                                                                                           2022            2021


                PRC TCL TV CGU                          discount rates                       16%            16%
                                                        growth rates                             3%           3%
                Commercial Display Products CGU         discount rates                       15%            13%
                                                        growth rates                             3%           3%
                Falcon Internet Business CGU            discount rates                       14%            14%
                                                        growth rates                             3%           3%
                Smart Mobile, Connective devices and    discount rates                       14%            15%
                  Services CGU                          growth rates                             3%           3%
                Brazil TCL TV and Other Household       discount rates                       20%            16%
                  Products CGU                          growth rates                             3%           2%
                Others                                  discount rates                       21%            20%
                                                        growth rates                             3%           3%
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       221

                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                               31 December 2022




17. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
   Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)
   The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the CGUs is as follows:


                                                                       Smart
                                                                      Mobile,   Brazil TCL
                                        Commercial      Falcon    Connective TV and Other
                                           Display     Internet   Devices and   Household
                              PRC TCL     Products    Business       Services    Products
                               TV CGU         CGU         CGU            CGU          CGU     Others       Total
                              HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000


    As at 31 December 2021    360,992     274,728    1,176,758     1,260,399      236,459     12,980   3,322,316
    As at 31 December 2022    340,531     251,437    1,076,995     1,260,399      252,838     12,980   3,195,180


   Assumptions were used in the value-in-use calculation of all CGUs for 31 December 2022 and 31
   December 2021. The following describes each key assumption on which management has based its
   cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:


   Budgeted gross margins – The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted gross
   margins is the average gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget year,
   increased for expected efficiency improvements, and expected market development.


   Discount rates – The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to the
   relevant units.
222   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                                     Deferred
                                               Patents and                  Customer    Computer development
                                                  licences   Trademarks relationships   software       costs        Total
                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000


              31 December 2022


              Cost at 1 January 2022, net of
                accumulated amortisation and
                impairment                        308,389      144,461       326,602    166,240      365,792    1,311,484
              Additions                             9,055             –       21,334     19,779      438,933     489,101
              Acquisition of subsidiaries
                (note 40)                              37             –             –          –            –         37
              Amortisation provided during
                the year                          (33,894)      (29,078)     (64,855)    (44,125)   (450,970)   (622,922)
              Disposals                                  –            –         (264)     (5,236)           –      (5,500)
              Transfer from construction in
                progress (note 14)                       –            –             –    87,063             –     87,063
              Exchange realignment                 (2,357)         (203)      (6,428)    (12,768)    (30,578)     (52,334)


              At 31 December 2022                 281,230      115,180       276,389    210,953     323,177     1,206,929


              At 31 December 2022:
                Cost                              451,254      406,173       435,616    744,046     553,344     2,590,433
                Accumulated amortisation and
                  impairment                     (170,024)    (290,993)     (159,227)   (533,093)   (230,167) (1,383,504)


                Net carrying amount               281,230      115,180       276,389    210,953     323,177     1,206,929
                                                               TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022      223

                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                    31 December 2022




18. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                 Deferred
                                           Patents and                  Customer    Computer development
                                              licences   Trademarks relationships   software       costs          Total
                                             HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000


   31 December 2021


   Cost at 1 January 2021, net of
     accumulated amortisation and
     impairment                              353,897       172,507       346,551    149,848     291,932     1,314,735
   Additions                                    9,903             –       31,049       9,259    504,619       554,830
   Amortisation provided during the year      (33,907)      (27,889)     (53,582)    (43,385)   (440,306)    (599,069)
   Disposals                                  (22,388)            –             –          –            –      (22,388)
   Transfer from construction in
     progress (note 14)                              –            –             –    47,691             –      47,691
   Exchange realignment                           884          (157)       2,584       2,827       9,547       15,685


   At 31 December 2021                       308,389       144,461       326,602    166,240     365,792     1,311,484


   At 31 December 2021:
     Cost                                    444,920       406,996       428,746    678,443     799,783     2,758,888
     Accumulated amortisation and
       impairment                            (136,531)    (262,535)     (102,144)   (512,203)   (433,991)   (1,447,404)


   Net carrying amount                       308,389       144,461       326,602    166,240     365,792     1,311,484
224   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      19. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                        2022            2021
                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000


              Share of net assets                                                     96,363          66,757
              Goodwill on acquisition                                                 21,807          21,807


                                                                                     118,170          88,564
              Provision for impairment                                                 (7,712)         (7,712)


                                                                                     110,458          80,852


            The following table illustrates the aggregate summarised financial information of the Group’s joint
            ventures that are not individually material:


                                                                                        2022            2021
                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000


              Share of the joint ventures’ profit for the year                        26,784             610
              Share of the joint ventures’ total comprehensive
                income for the year                                                   24,795            1,508
              Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments
                in the joint ventures                                                110,458          80,852


            The Group has discontinued the recognition of its share of losses of a joint venture, TCL-IMAX
            Entertainment Co., Ltd., since the year ended 31 December 2017 because the share of losses of
            the joint venture exceeded the Group’s interest in the relevant joint venture and the Group has no
            obligation to take up further losses.
                                                               TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022         225

                                                                               Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                      31 December 2022




20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                               2022               2021
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


       Share of net assets                                                               1,192,663            902,653
       Goodwill on acquisition                                                              366,219           698,276


                                                                                         1,558,882          1,600,929


   During the current year, the Group partially disposed its investment in an associate. The investment
   was transferred to equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and
   a loss on disposal of HK$298,071,000 was recognised in profit or loss as other operating expenses.
   Please refer to note 7 to the financial statements.


   Particulars of the Group’s material associates are as follows:


                                                                                            Percentage
                                                                                           of ownership
                                                                             Place of           interest
                                                  Particulars of         registration       attributable      Principal
       Name                                   registered capital        and business       to the Group       activities


       Amlogic (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.*          RMB413,499,880                     PRC/               5.00        Note(a)
         (“Amlogic”)   #
                                                                     Mainland China


       Huan Technology Co., Ltd.*              RMB52,989,648                     PRC/             34.00         Note(b)
         (“Huan Technology”)                                         Mainland China

   *          The English names of the companies are not official and are the direct translation from their Chinese names
              for identification purposes only.

   #
              Up to the date of approval of these financial statements, Amlogic has not yet disclosed its annual financial
              statements for the year ended 31 December 2022. The figures presented in the table below are extracted
              from financial information which was released publicly disclosed by Amlogic, with some information not being
              disclosed.


   All the associates have been accounted for using the equity method in these financial statements.
226   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
            Notes:


            (a)      Amlogic


                     Amlogic, which is considered as a material associate of the Group, is a strategic partner of the Group
                     engaged in the manufacture and trading of integrated circuits and other semiconductor services.


                     Although the Group holds less than 20% of the voting power of Amlogic, in the opinion of the directors, the
                     Group is in a position to exercise significant influence over Amlogic through its representation in the board
                     of directors and its participation in policy-making processes of Amlogic.


                     The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of Amlogic, adjusted for any differences
                     in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                       2022               2021
                                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000


                      Net assets                                                                  5,349,565          4,836,109
                      Net assets, excluding goodwill                                              5,331,520          4,818,060


                      Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
                      Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                              5.00%             5.00%
                      Group’s share of net assets of the associate, excluding goodwill               266,576           240,903
                      Goodwill on acquisition                                                         18,045            18,049
                      Carrying amount of the investment                                              284,621           258,952


                      Revenue                                                                      6,439,630         5,762,113
                      Profit for the year                                                            809,922           943,676
                                                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       227

                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                    31 December 2022




20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
   Notes: (continued)


   (b)      Huan Technology


            Huan Technology, which is considered a material associate of the Group, is a strategic partner of the Group
            engaged in internet platform operation. Huan Technology has become an associate of the Group since 1
            November 2019.


            The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of Huan Technology, adjusted for
            any differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated financial
            statements:


                                                                                             2022              2021
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000


             Net assets                                                                   952,825            956,040
             Net assets, excluding goodwill                                               844,888            833,958


             Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
             Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                           34.00%             35.19%
             Group’s share of net assets of the associate,
               excluding goodwill                                                         287,262            293,470
             Goodwill on acquisition                                                      107,937            122,082
             Carrying amount of the investment                                            395,199            415,552


             Revenue                                                                      802,744            808,754
             Profit for the year                                                           72,684             71,011
             Total comprehensive income for the year                                       72,684             71,011


   The following table illustrates the aggregate summarised financial information of the Group’s
   associates that are not individually material:


                                                                                            2022              2021
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


    Share of the associates’ (loss)/profit for the year                                    (2,409)           70,428
    Share of the associates’ other comprehensive income for the year                      24,567              5,495
    Share of the associates’ total comprehensive income for the year                      22,158             75,923
    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments
         in these associates                                                             879,062           926,425
228   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      21. E Q U I T Y I N V E S T M E N T S D E S I G N A T E D A T F A I R V A L U E
          THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000


                Listed equity investments, at fair value
                  Beijing Digital Telecom Co., Ltd.                                                16,804             16,804


                                                                                                   16,804             16,804


                Unlisted equity investments, at fair value
                  Shenzhen Digital TV National Engineering Laboratory Co., Ltd.*                     9,146             9,174
                  Shanghai Digital TV National Engineering Research
                    Center Co., Ltd.*                                                                3,750             3,329
                  Shenzhen Zhongcailian Technology Co., Ltd.*                                        2,989             4,779
                  Shanghai Guanmu Investment Management Partnership
                    (Limited Partnership)*                                                        121,397             82,588
                  Falcon Innovations Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.*                              13,619             24,452
                  Fengzhang Qingyu Investment (Ningbo) Partnership
                    (Limited Partnership)*                                                         22,603                   –
                  Others                                                                           10,125                 230


                                                                                                  183,629           124,552


                                                                                                  200,433           141,356


            *        The English names of the companies are not official and are the direct translation from their Chinese names
                     for identification purposes only.


            The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at fair value through other comprehensive
            income as the Group considers that these investments are strategic in nature.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    229

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                              31 December 2022




22. INVENTORIES
                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                                   HK$’000          HK$’000


    Raw materials                                                                3,255,196        5,100,633
    Work in progress                                                               398,544        1,043,177
    Finished goods                                                               6,183,574        7,411,786


                                                                                 9,837,314       13,555,596



23. TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                     Note          HK$’000          HK$’000


    Due from third parties                                                       8,146,870       10,405,892


    Due from related parties:
         Companies controlled by TCL Holdings                         (a)          154,659            45,822
         Affiliates of TCL Holdings                                   (a)          184,501            71,596
         Companies controlled by TCL Technology                       (a)          521,234          327,773
         Affiliates of TCL Technology                                 (a)            28,804                 6
         Joint ventures                                               (a)          388,213          267,210
         Associates                                                   (a)        1,752,743          767,468


                                                                                 3,030,154        1,479,875


    Impairment allowance                                                          (241,943)         (188,041)


                                                                                10,935,081       11,697,726


   Note:


   (a)      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the amounts were interest-free, unsecured and repayable within one
            year.
230   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      23. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
            The majority of the Group’s sales in Mainland China are conducted on a cash-on-delivery basis or on
            commercial bills guaranteed by banks within credit periods ranging from 30 to 90 days. For overseas
            sales, the Group usually requires settlement by letters of credit with tenures ranging from 90 to 180
            days. Sales to certain long-term strategic customers were made on the open-account basis with credit
            terms of no more than 180 days.


            Save for those amounts due from the related parties, in view of the aforementioned and the fact that
            the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant
            concentration of credit risk. The Group holds a commercial property from a group of customers as
            collaterals for trade receivables of HK$359,746,000 (2021: HK$443,049,000) due by them with
            interest bearing at 3% (2021: 3%) per annum. The Group does not hold any collaterals or other credit
            enhancements over its remaining trade receivables. The remaining trade receivables are non-interest
            bearing.


            Included in the Group’s trade receivables are (i) receivables to be factored of HK$315,207,000 (2021:
            HK$955,454,000), as well as (ii) the assets and the associated liabilities representing the extent
            of the Group’s continuing involvement in the factored trade receivables of which the Group neither
            retained nor transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards, amounting to HK$25,106,000 (2021:
            HK$9,016,000). The above receivables are classified as financial assets at fair value through profit
            or loss. The remaining trade receivables with a gross carrying amount of HK$10,836,711,000 (2021:
            HK$10,921,297,000) are measured at amortised cost.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    231

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                           31 December 2022




23. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
   An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
   date, is as follows:


                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


    Current to 90 days                                                         8,349,202          9,216,657
    91 to 180 days                                                             1,672,728          1,704,485
    181 to 365 days                                                              324,001           443,167
    Over 365 days                                                                831,093           521,458


                                                                             11,177,024          11,885,767
    Impairment allowance                                                        (241,943)          (188,041)


                                                                             10,935,081          11,697,726


   The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:


                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


    At beginning of year                                                         188,041           158,240
    Impairment losses, net (note 7)                                               83,408            31,827
    Amount written off as uncollectible                                          (14,050)             (189)
    Exchange realignment                                                         (15,456)           (1,837)


    At end of year                                                               241,943           188,041


   An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure
   ECLs. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments
   with similar loss patterns. The calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of
   money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past
   events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. Generally, trade receivables are
   written off if past due for more than one year and are not subject to enforcement activity.
232   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      23. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
            Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables
            measured at amortised cost using a provision matrix:


            As at 31 December 2022


                                                                                Past due
                                                              Less than   181 days     1 year to             Over
                                                  Current     180 days    to 1 year      2 years          2 years        Total


              ECL rate                              0.04%       2.05%      11.32%            2.34%        61.42%         2.23%
              Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)   6,961,248   3,011,008     202,804          426,316       235,335    10,836,711
              ECLs (HK$’000)                        2,824      61,626      22,963            9,986       144,544       241,943


            As at 31 December 2021


                                                                                Past due
                                                              Less than   181 days         1 year to         Over
                                                  Current     180 days    to 1 year         2 years       2 years         Total


              ECL rate                              0.14%       2.11%       5.07%           26.54%        38.40%         1.72%
              Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)   7,223,734   3,201,284     235,904           14,791       245,584    10,921,297
              ECLs (HK$’000)                       10,203      67,643      11,971            3,926        94,298       188,041



      24. BILLS RECEIVABLE
                                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000


              Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                2,219,329            1,901,694


                                                                                               2,219,329            1,901,694
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     233

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                               31 December 2022




25. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                       2022              2021
                                                                     Notes          HK$’000          HK$’000


    Prepayments and deposits                                                        188,778          543,140
    Other receivables                                                  (a)        3,620,104        3,258,825
    VAT receivables                                                               2,585,102        2,056,270
    Dividend receivable                                                              19,639            10,457
    Interest receivable                                                              12,780             7,091
    Due from companies controlled by TCL Holdings                    (b) (d)      2,632,679        1,209,533
    Due from affiliates of TCL Holdings                              (c) (d)         34,475            12,173
    Due from companies controlled by TCL Technology                    (c)           44,280            14,721
    Due from affiliates of TCL Technology                              (c)             2,449            4,513
    Due from associates                                                (c)           84,124             1,798


                                                                                  9,224,410        7,118,521
    Impairment allowance                                                           (204,741)         (216,556)


                                                                                  9,019,669        6,901,965


   Notes:


   (a)      As at 31 December 2022, other receivables of HK$209,075,000 (2021: nil) was pledged for certain
            discounted bills.


   (b)      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the amount due from companies controlled by TCL Holdings of
            HK$1,230,171,000 (2021: HK$1,179,034,000) was interest bearing at 0.01% to 8.00% (2021: 0.01% to
            8.00%) per annum. The remaining amounts were interest-free, unsecured and repayable within one year.


   (c)      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the amounts were interest-free, unsecured and repayable within one
            year.
234   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      25. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
          (CONTINUED)
            Notes: (continued)


            (d)    The relevant balance of advance to TCL Holdings under the meaning of Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules
                   amounted to approximately HK$2,667,154,000 (2021: HK$1,221,706,000), out of which: (i) approximately
                   HK$549,851,000 (2021: HK$101,637,000) was deposits placed with TCL Finance (Hong Kong) Co., Limited
                   and/or TCL Holdings Financial Services Associates pursuant to the Master Financial (2022-2024) Agreement
                   dated 11 November 2021 entered into among the Company, TCL Holdings and TCL Finance (Hong Kong) Co.,
                   Limited with interest rates ranging from 0.01% to 3.30% (2021: 0.01% to 1.70%) per annum and repayable
                   within one year and without collateral; (ii) approximately HK$680,320,000 (2021: HK$1,077,397,000) was
                   loans provided by the Group to Qualified Holdings Group (as defined in the announcement of the Company
                   dated 11 November 2021) pursuant to the Master Financial (2022-2024) Agreement dated 11 November
                   2021 entered into among the Company, TCL Holdings and TCL Finance (Hong Kong) Co., Limited with interest
                   rates ranging from 4.00% to 8.00% (2021: 4.05% to 8.00%) per annum and repayable within one year and
                   without collateral; and (iii) approximately HK$1,436,983,000 (2021: HK$42,672,000) was other receivables
                   from TCL Holdings Group arising from non-trading nature transactions which were interest-free, unsecured
                   and repayable within one year. For details of the Master Financial (2022-2024) Agreement, please refer to
                   the Company’s announcement dated 11 November 2021 and the circular dated 22 November 2021.


            The Group has classified certain other receivables amounting to HK$76,136,000 (2021:
            HK$89,999,000) as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss as these items are
            held for trading. The remaining amounts are measured at amortised cost.


            ECLs are estimated for other receivables and amounts due from related companies by applying a loss
            rate approach with reference to the historical loss records of the Group. The loss rate is adjusted to
            reflect the current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions, as appropriate.


            The credit quality of the financial assets included in the line items of prepayments, other receivables
            and other assets is considered to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information
            indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.
            Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”. Set out below is
            the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s other receivables and amounts due from
            related companies:
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    235

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2022




25. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
    (CONTINUED)
   As at 31 December 2022


                                                                 Normal          Doubtful             Total


    ECL rate                                                      0.10%            7.26%             3.19%
    Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                           3,645,037        2,773,074        6,418,111
    ECLs (HK$’000)                                                3,543          201,198          204,741


   As at 31 December 2021


                                                                 Normal          Doubtful             Total


    ECL rate                                                      0.09%           10.45%             4.81%
    Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)                           2,449,005        2,052,558        4,501,563
    ECLs (HK$’000)                                                2,134          214,422          216,556


   None of the above assets is either past due or impaired. The financial assets included in the above
   balances relate to the receivables for which there was no recent history of default.


   The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of financial assets included in prepayments, other
   receivables and other assets are as follows:


                                                                                    2022             2021
                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000


    At beginning of year                                                         216,556          223,742
    Impairment losses, net (note 7)                                                8,112             2,716
    Amount written off as uncollectible                                            (8,776)         (15,969)
    Exchange realignment                                                         (11,151)            6,067


    At end of year                                                               204,741          216,556
236   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      26. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR
          LOSS
                                                                                             2022          2021
                                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000


              Trust products and financial products issued by commercial banks        1,266,076        1,342,088



      27. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED CASH AND
          PLEDGED DEPOSITS
                                                                                             2022          2021
                                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000


              Cash and bank balances                                                  9,390,941       11,509,166
              Restricted cash and pledged deposits                                      119,555         576,758


                                                                                      9,510,496       12,085,924


              Less: Restricted cash and pledged deposits:
                    – for factored trade receivables                                     69,746         508,491
                    – for banking facilities and other financial instruments             22,672          41,119
                    – others restricted cash and pledged deposits                        27,137          27,148


              Cash and cash equivalents                                               9,390,941       11,509,166


            As at 31 December 2022, the cash and bank balances of the Group denominated in Renminbi (“RMB”)
            amounted to HK$4,015,498,000 (2021: HK$5,099,007,000). RMB is not freely convertible into other
            currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration
            of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange
            RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.


            Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time
            deposits are made for varying periods of between one day and three months depending on the
            immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short term time deposit
            rates. The bank balances, restricted cash and pledged deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks
            with no recent history of default.


            As at 31 December 2022, included in the Group’s cash and bank balances were deposits of
            HK$335,850,000 (2021: HK$ nil), placed with TCL Technology Finance Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of TCL
            Technology and a financial institution approved by the People’s Bank of China.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    237

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                              31 December 2022




28. TRADE PAYABLES
                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                     Note          HK$’000          HK$’000


    Due to third parties                                                         8,053,031        9,841,942


    Due to related parties:
         Companies controlled by TCL Holdings                         (a)        2,528,936        1,494,278
         Affiliates of TCL Holdings                                   (a)          622,568          348,295
         Companies controlled by TCL Technology                       (a)        2,187,509        3,994,289
         Affiliates of TCL Technology                                 (a)            16,430            1,770
         Joint ventures                                               (a)            68,267           56,240
         Associates                                                   (a)          610,204            89,430


                                                                                 6,033,914        5,984,302


                                                                                14,086,945       15,826,244


   Note:


   (a)      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the amounts were interest-free, unsecured and repayable within one
            year.


   An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
   date, is as follows:


                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                                   HK$’000          HK$’000


    Current to 90 days                                                          11,589,314       13,976,830
    91 to 180 days                                                               1,920,841        1,468,244
    181 to 365 days                                                                382,203          145,062
    Over 365 days                                                                  194,587          236,108


                                                                                14,086,945       15,826,244


   The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled within credit periods ranging from
   30 to 120 days.
238   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      29. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                   Notes           HK$’000            HK$’000


              Other payables                                                         (a)         6,991,280          7,853,002
              Advanced receipts                                                                        7,739              8,449
              Accruals                                                                           2,026,575          2,046,580
              Dividend payable                                                                             18                   12
              Contract liabilities                                                   (b)         1,342,829          2,157,007
              Due to companies controlled by TCL Holdings                            (c)            950,582            477,809
              Due to affiliates of TCL Holdings                                      (c)             44,763             74,142
              Due to companies controlled by TCL Technology                          (c)             78,110             63,681
              Due to affiliates of TCL Technology                                    (c)             10,926                      –
              Due to associates                                                      (c)             72,396             62,907


                                                                                                11,525,218         12,743,589


            Notes:


            (a)      The other payables are non-interest-bearing and are expected to be settled within one year.


            (b)      Details of contract liabilities are as follows:


                                                                             31 December        31 December            1 January
                                                                                    2022               2021                2021
                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000


                      Short-term advances received from customers
                      Sale of goods                                             1,245,818          2,078,712          1,042,688
                      Video-on-demand services                                     97,011             78,295             55,371


                      Total contract liabilities                                1,342,829          2,157,007          1,098,059


                     Contract liabilities include short-term advances received to deliver goods and video-on-demand services.


            (c)      As at 31 December 2022, the amounts were interest-free, unsecured and repayable within one year. As
                     at 31 December 2021, amounts due to companies controlled by TCL Holdings of HK$101,971,000 were
                     interest bearing at 0.3% to 1.7% per annum. The remaining amounts were interest-free, unsecured and
                     repayable within one year.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   239

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




30. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                     2022             2021
                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000


       Current assets
         Forward currency contracts                                               335,448           52,612
         Call options and put options                                             244,536          187,975


                                                                                  579,984          240,587


       Current liabilities
         Forward currency contracts                                               134,214           34,782


       Non-current liabilities
         Call options and put options                                                    –          17,579


   Cash flow hedge – Foreign currency risk
   Foreign currency forward contracts are designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges of
   forecast sales in BRL/EUR/GBP/MXN/AUD/JYP/RMB/RUB and forecast purchases in the USD, These
   forecast transactions are highly probable, and they comprise about 100% of the Group’s total expected
   sales in BRL/EUR/GBP/MXN/AUD/JYP/RMB/RUB and purchases in USD. The foreign exchange forward
   contract balances vary with the level of expected foreign currency sales and purchases and changes in
   foreign exchange forward rates.


   There is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging instruments as the terms
   of the foreign exchange forward match the terms of the expected highly probable forecast transactions
   and the secured bank loan (i.e., notional amount and expected payment date). To measure the hedge
   effectiveness, the Group uses the hypothetical derivative method and compares the changes in the fair
   value of the hedging instruments against the changes in fair value of the hedged items attributable to
   the hedged risks.


   Hedge ineffectiveness can arise from:


   •         Differences in the timing of the cash flows of the forecasted sales and purchases and the
             hedging instruments
   •         Different interest rate curves applied to discount the hedged items and hedging instruments
   •         The counterparties’ credit risks differently impacting the fair value movements of the hedging
             instruments and hedged items
   •         Changes to the forecasted amounts of cash flows of hedged items and hedging instruments
240   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      30. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            The Group holds the following foreign exchange forward contracts:


                                                                                 Maturity
                                                                       less than                     3 to
                                                                       3 months              6 months                      Total


              As at 31 December 2022
              Foreign currency forward contracts
                (highly probable forecast sales)
                Notional amount (in HK$’000)                            626,510                422,832             1,049,342
              Foreign currency forward contracts
                (highly probable forecast purchases)
                Notional amount (in HK$’000)                         2,378,943                           –         2,378,943


            The impacts of the hedging instruments on the statement of financial position are as follows:


                                                                                                                   Change in fair

                                                                                                                   value used for

                                                                                                 Line item      measuring hedge

                                                        Notional      Carrying        in the statement of      ineffectiveness for

                                                         amount       amount            financial position               the year

                                                        HK$’000      HK$’000                                            HK$’000



            As at 31 December 2022

            Foreign currency forward contracts          514,201        12,520         Derivative financial                51,633

              (highly probable forecast sales)                                       instruments (assets)

            Foreign currency forward contracts          535,141       (19,210)        Derivative financial              (109,804)

              (highly probable forecast sales)                                     instruments (liabilities)

            Foreign currency forward contracts                 –            –         Derivative financial               (25,278)

              (highly probable forecast purchases)                                   instruments (assets)

            Foreign currency forward contracts         2,378,943       (4,551)        Derivative financial               115,053

              (highly probable forecast purchases)                                 instruments (liabilities)
                                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022                             241

                                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                         31 December 2022




30. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   The impacts of the hedged items on the statement of financial position are as follows:


                                                                                Change in fair value
                                                                                   used for measuring
                                                                            hedge ineffectiveness                       Cash flow hedge
                                                                                          for the year                               reserve
                                                                                                  HK$’000                         HK$’000


    Year ended 31 December 2022
    Highly probable forecast sales                                                                (58,172)                            (9,480)
    Highly probable forecast purchases                                                             89,776                                 (506)


   The effects of the cash flow hedge on the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
   are as follows:


                                                                                            Amount reclassified from
                                         Total hedging gain/(loss) recognised             other comprehensive income
                                           in other comprehensive income                          to profit or loss                     Line item
                                           Gross             Tax                         Gross               Tax                  (gross amount)
                                          amount           effect          Total        amount            effect          Total   in profit or loss
                                         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000


    Year ended 31 December 2022
    Highly probable forecast sales       (58,172)        23,981         (34,191)        45,475          (25,437)        20,038          Revenue/
                                                                                                                                    Other income
    Highly probable forecast purchases    89,776               –         89,776        (85,820)                –       (85,820)     Cost of sales


   Non-hedging currency derivatives
   In addition, the Group has entered into various forward currency contracts to manage its exchange rate
   exposures. They are not designated for hedge purposes and are measured at fair value through profit
   or loss. Net gain of HK$176,344,000 (2021: net loss of HK$47,142,000 (restated)) as a result of the
   changes in the fair value of these non-hedging derivative financial contracts were recognised in profit or
   loss for the year ended 31 December 2022.
242   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      30. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Call options and put options
            (1)    TCL Call Options, TCL Put Options and RV Holdcos Call Options


                   On 28 May 2018, the Group entered into equity transfer agreements with Radio Victoria
                   Argentina S.A. (“RVF”), Sontec Argentina S.A. (“Sontec”) and the sellers (the “Sellers”) of RVF
                   and Sontec, pursuant to which the Group was granted with:


                   Pursuant to the equity transfer agreements, the Group also granted call options (“RV Holdcos
                   Call Options”) to the Sellers whereby the Sellers have the discretion to acquire all equity interest
                   in RVF and/or Sontec at a consideration based on:


                   the higher of (i) the net book value with reference to audited financial statements of RVF and
                   Sontec respectively for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of the exercise and (ii) the
                   investment cost of the Group plus a compounded annual rate of return as stipulated, which is
                   exercisable within 180 days starting from 4 years after the RVF and Sontec Acquisition; or


                   the higher of (i) the net book value with reference to audited financial statements of RVF and
                   Sontec respectively for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of the exercise and (ii) the
                   fair market value of the equity interests of RVF and Sontec, which is exercisable within 60 days
                   starting from the date on which the percentage of shareholding of the Group in RVF and Sontec
                   falls below 5%.


                   In 2022, RV Holdcos Call Options were not exercised which were expired in December 2022. The
                   accumulated gain of the option recognised in profit or loss of was HK$17,579,000. Please refer
                   to note 5 to the financial statements.


                   Call options (“TCL Call Options”) whereby the Group has the discretion to acquire additional
                   equity interest in RVF and/or Sontec, subject to the total shareholding of the Group not
                   exceeding 49% shareholding of RVF and/or Sontec at any time, at a consideration based on the
                   net book value with reference to audited financial statements of RVF and Sontec respectively
                   for the fiscal year immediately preceding the date of the exercise, which is exercisable at any
                   time within 8 years after the closing date of acquisition of RVF and Sontec (the “RVF and Sontec
                   Acquisition”).


                   Put options (“TCL Put Options”) whereby the Group has the discretion to dispose of all equity
                   interest in RVF and/or Sontec at a consideration based on the net book value with reference
                   to audited financial statements of RVF and Sontec respectively for the fiscal year immediately
                   preceding the date of the exercise, which is exercisable at any time after 2 years and within 8
                   years of the RVF and Sontec Acquisition.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   243

                                                                        Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                         31 December 2022




30. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Call options and put options (continued)
   (1)   TCL Call Options, TCL Put Options and RV Holdcos Call Options (continued)


         As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the fair values of options were determined by Asset
         Appraisal Limited based on the Black-Scholes Options Pricing Model. The key inputs into the
         model for the values of the options are as follows:


                                             TCL Call Options and
                                                TCL Put Options                  RV Holdcos Call Options
                                            2022               2021              2022               2021


          Maturity (year)                     3.5                 4.5                –                1.0
          Risk-free rate (%)                  4.2                 1.3                –                0.7
          Volatility (%)                     45.4               45.0                 –              32.3


   (2)   SEMP TCL Call Option


         On 3 June 2020, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with STA, pursuant to
         which the Group was granted a call option by STA (“SEMP TCL Call Option”), whereby the Group
         has the right to purchase all, but not less than all, of the remaining 20% equity interest of SEMP
         TCL held by STA at the exercise price based on the adjusted net book value of SEMP TCL on the
         date of exercise, which is exercisable within 3 years since the date of acquisition of SEMP TCL.


         As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of the call option was determined by Cosmos Advisors
         (31 December 2021: Labeo Finance) based on the Monte Carlo simulation model. The key inputs
         into the model for the value of the call option are as follows:


                                                                                  SEMP TCL Call Option
                                                                                 2022               2021


          Maturity (year)                                                          0.5                1.5
          Risk-free rate (%)                                                       3.9                8.2
          Volatility (%)                                                          34.6              36.2
244   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      31. FINANCIAL LIABILITY ASSOCIATED WITH PUT OPTION
                                                                                                         2022                 2021
                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


              Measured at amortised cost:
                Redemption liability arising from a put option (current)                            160,667                121,370


            The amount represented a financial liability associated with a put option granted to the non-controlling
            shareholder of SEMP TCL.


      32. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                          31 December 2022                             31 December 2021
                                                  Contractual                                 Contractual
                                             interest rate (%)     Maturity    HK$’000    interest rate (%)     Maturity    HK$’000


              Current
              Bank loans – unsecured            0.88 to 5.99          2023    4,408,518      0.20 to 4.75         2022     6,356,258
              Other loans – unsecured                       –             –           –               1.10        2022       22,018
              Advances from banks as
                consideration for factored
                trade receivables               0.70 to 5.77          2023      25,106       0.43 to 1.41         2022        9,016


                                                                              4,433,624                                    6,387,292


              Non-current
              Bank loans – unsecured            1.46 to 4.75     2024-2028    1,029,459      1.46 to 4.75     2023-2028     492,825


                                                                              1,029,459                                     492,825


                                                                              5,463,083                                    6,880,117
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       245

                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                  31 December 2022




32. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
    (CONTINUED)
                                                                                         2022              2021
                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


   Analysed into:
   Bank loans repayable:
        Within one year or on demand                                                4,433,624         6,365,274
        In the second year                                                            250,287           117,057
        In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                        738,870           253,448
        After five years                                                               40,302           122,320


                                                                                    5,463,083         6,858,099


   Analysed into:
   Other loans repayable:
        Within one year or on demand                                                          –          22,018


                                                                                              –          22,018


                                                                                    5,463,083         6,880,117


  Notes:


  (a)      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the carrying amounts of the Group’s bank and other borrowings
           approximated to their fair values.


  (b)      TCL Holdings together with TCL Technology have not guaranteed any of the Group’s bank loans (2021:
           HK$3,564,279,000), TCL Technology has individually guaranteed certain of the Group’s bank loans of up to
           HK$123,114,000 (2021: HK$1,598,204,000) and TCL Holdings has individually guaranteed certain of the
           Group’s bank loans of up to HK$3,374,453,000 (2021: nil) as at the end of the reporting period.
246   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      32. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
          (CONTINUED)
            Included in bank and other loans are the following amounts denominated in currencies other than the
            functional currencies of the entities to which they relate:


                                                                                                     2022            2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000


              USD                                                                                3,118,233       5,537,217
              RMB                                                                                2,343,041       1,340,202
              EUR                                                                                    1,656             468
              MXN                                                                                      153           2,230


                                                                                                 5,463,083       6,880,117



      33. PROVISIONS
                                                                                 Restructuring        Pending
                                                               Warranties               costs       litigation       Total
                                                    Note        HK$’000             HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000


              At 1 January 2022                                  963,659               1,412           6,377      971,448
              Additional provision                             1,800,720                    –         22,507     1,823,227
              Reversal of unutilised amounts                  (1,111,220)                   –        (27,314) (1,138,534)
              Amount utilised during the year                   (616,168)                (839)        (3,360)     (620,367)
              Disposal of subsidiaries               41                   (54)              –                –         (54)
              Exchange realignment                                (32,928)                (39)         4,789       (28,178)


              At 31 December 2022                              1,004,009                 534           2,999     1,007,542


            Warranties
            The Group provides warranties ranging from one to three years to its customers on certain of its
            electronic products, under which faulty products are repaired or replaced. The amount of the provision
            for the warranties is estimated based on sales volumes and past experience of the level of repairs and
            returns. The estimation basis is reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised where appropriate.
                                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022         247

                                                                                         Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                               31 December 2022




33. PROVISIONS (CONTINUED)
   Restructuring costs
   The restructuring costs were mainly related to the redundancy costs incurred for a streamlined business
   model.


   Pending litigation
   Provision has been provided based on the best estimate of the litigation compensation.


34. DEFERRED TAX
   The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:


   Deferred tax liabilities
                                              Depreciation                      Fair value
                                                allowance                     adjustments
                                                in excess                     arising from
                                                of related Changes in fair   acquisition of   Right-of-use   Deferred
                                              depreciation          value     subsidiaries         assets     income      Total
                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000


    At 1 January 2021                               1,259           5,725         341,810              47      6,349    355,190
    Deferred tax charged/(credited) to
       profit or loss during the year                (127)         (4,479)        (13,860)         2,644         327    (15,495)
    Deferred tax charged to other
       comprehensive income during the year              –          1,419                –              –           –     1,419
    Exchange realignment                                 –            406             320               6           –      732


    Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31
       December 2021 and 1 January 2022             1,132           3,071         328,270          2,697       6,676    341,846
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 40)                –              –                9              –           –         9
    Deferred tax charged/(credited) to
       profit or loss during the year                  61         26,703          (13,857)              –     (2,342)    10,565
    Deferred tax charged to other
       comprehensive income during the year              –        20,703                 –              –           –    20,703
    Exchange realignment                                 –         (2,603)         (1,298)           (234)          –    (4,135)


    Gross deferred tax liabilities at
       31 December 2022                             1,193         47,874          313,124          2,463       4,334    368,988
248   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      34. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
            Deferred tax assets
                                                        Elimination                                                                Fair value
                                                      of unrealised                       Losses available                       adjustments
                                                     profits arising                         for offsetting                      arising from
                                                   from intra-group       Accruals and      against future    Changes in fair   acquisition of
                                                      transactions     other provisions    taxable profits             value     subsidiaries      Total
                                                          HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


              At 1 January 2021                             65,573            166,524              36,399                  2           3,054     271,552
              Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
                profit or loss during the year              18,604             51,736              (5,385)                (2)          (1,394)    63,559
              Deferred tax credited to other
                comprehensive income
                during the year                                   –              2,981                   –                 –                –      2,981
              Exchange realignment                                1               (941)               310                  –             (670)    (1,300)


              Gross deferred tax assets at 31
                December 2021 and 1 January 2022            84,178            220,300              31,324                  –             990     336,792
              Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
                profit or loss during the year              28,447             84,084              23,731              4,118             (990)   139,390
              Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
                other comprehensive income
                during the year                                   –              4,352                   –            (1,888)               –      2,464
              Exchange realignment                                –             (9,769)            (1,607)               (11)               –    (11,387)


              Gross deferred tax assets at
                31 December 2022                          112,625             298,967              53,448              2,219                –    467,259
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     249

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2022




34. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
   Deferred tax assets (continued)
   For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement
   of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial
   reporting purposes:


                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000


    Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
      statement of financial position                                             426,150          336,792
    Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
      statement of financial position                                             327,879          341,846


   The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:


   The Group has tax losses of HK$9,640,643,000 (2021: HK$9,911,965,000) that are available for
   offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose, subject to certain
   tax rules of the countries/jurisdictions in which the Group operates. Deferred tax assets have not been
   recognised in respect of these losses as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making
   for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the
   tax losses can be utilised.


   Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:


                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000


    Tax losses                                                                  9,496,323        9,897,318
    Deductible temporary differences                                              876,151        3,617,085


                                                                              10,372,474        13,514,403


   The above tax losses are available for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in
   which the losses arose, subject to certain tax rules of the countries/jurisdictions in which the Group
   operates. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the above items as it is not
   considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the above items can be utilised.
250   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      34. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
            Deferred tax assets (continued)
            Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared
            to foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in the PRC. The requirement
            is effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding
            tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty between the PRC and the jurisdiction of the foreign
            investors. For the Group, the applicable rate is 5% or 10%. The Group is therefore liable for withholding
            taxes on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in the PRC in respect of earnings
            generated from 1 January 2008.


            As at 31 December 2022, no deferred tax has been recognised for withholding taxes that would be
            payable on the unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s subsidiaries
            established in Mainland China. In the opinion of the directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries
            will distribute such earnings in the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences
            associated with investments in subsidiaries in Mainland China for which deferred tax liabilities have
            not been recognised totalled approximately HK$8,942,965,000 as at 31 December 2022 (2021:
            HK$8,104,245,000).


            There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its
            shareholders.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022      251

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                              31 December 2022




35. SHARE CAPITAL
   Shares
                                                                                      2022             2021
                                                                                    HK$’000         HK$’000


    Authorised:
      3,000,000,000 (2021: 3,000,000,000) shares of HK$1.00 each                3,000,000          3,000,000


    Issued and fully paid:
      2,499,780,203 (2021: 2,479,959,408) shares of HK$1.00 each                2,499,780          2,479,959


   A summary of movements in the Company’s issued share capital and share premium account is as
   follows:


                                                         Number of                        Share
                                                            shares        Issued        premium
                                                           in issue       capital       account          Total
                                             Notes                      HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000


    At 1 January 2021                                2,452,481,691     2,452,482      5,062,656     7,515,138
    Dividend paid to shareholders                                –             –       (277,234)     (277,234)
    Issue of shares upon exercise
      of share options                        (a)      27,477,717        27,477         121,010       148,487


    At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022           2,479,959,408     2,479,959      4,906,432     7,386,391


    Dividend paid to shareholders                                –             –       (403,818)     (403,818)
    Issue of shares upon exercise
      of share options                        (a)       4,323,365         4,323          19,340        23,663
    Issue of shares under the Award Scheme    (b)      15,497,430        15,498                –       15,498


    At 31 December 2022                              2,499,780,203     2,499,780      4,521,954     7,021,734
252   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      35. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)
            Shares (continued)
            Notes:


            (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the subscription rights attaching to 383,407, 1,318,380
                     and 2,621,578 share options were exercised at the subscription prices of HK$3.5700, HK$3.7329 and
                     HK$4.1520 per share, respectively, resulting in the issue of an aggregate of 4,323,365 shares of HK$1.00
                     each for a total cash consideration of HK$17,174,000, before expenses. An amount of HK$6,489,000 was
                     transferred from the share option reserve to the share premium account upon the exercise of the share
                     options.

                     During the year ended 31 December 2021, the subscription rights attached to 12,144,021, 1,416,399,
                     957,186, 7,422,836, 747,999 and 4,789,276 share options were exercised at the subscription prices of
                     HK$3.3918, HK$3.7329, HK$3.5700, HK$4.1520, HK$4.3860 and HK$4.4834 per share, respectively,
                     resulting in the issue of an aggregate of 27,477,717 shares of HK$1.00 each for a total cash consideration
                     of HK$105,467,000, before expenses. An amount of HK$43,020,000 was transferred from the share option
                     reserve to the share premium account upon the exercise of the share options.


            (b)      Details of the shares allotted for the Award Scheme are set out in note (c) of the restricted share award
                     scheme below.



      36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
            Share option scheme of the Company
            The Company adopted the share option scheme on 15 February 2007 (“2007 Scheme”) for the
            purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of
            the Group’s operations. By a shareholders’ resolution passed in the annual general meeting held on 18
            May 2016, the new share option scheme (“2016 Scheme”) was adopted and the 2007 Scheme was
            terminated. As a result, the Company can no longer grant any further options under the 2007 Scheme,
            but all options granted prior to the termination of the 2007 Scheme will remain in full force and effect.
            Eligible participants of the 2007 Scheme include the Company’s directors, including independent non-
            executive directors, other employees of the Group, advisers, consultants, agents, contractors, suppliers
            of goods or services to the Group, customers of the Group, the Company’s shareholders, any non-
            controlling shareholder in the Company’s subsidiaries and any other person whom the Board of the
            Company at its sole discretion considers may contribute or have contributed to the Group. The 2016
            Scheme mainly refined the definition of “any other person” in the eligible participants of the 2007
            Scheme to employees and officers of TCL Technology and its affiliated companies. The 2016 Scheme
            became effective on 18 May 2016 and, unless otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for
            10 years from that date.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   253

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                         31 December 2022




36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Share option scheme of the Company (continued)
   The total number of shares of the Company which may be issued upon exercise of all share options
   to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Company must not in
   aggregate exceed 10% of the shares of the Company in issue on the date of approval of each of the
   share option schemes. The 10% limit may be refreshed with the approval by ordinary resolution of the
   shareholders. The maximum number of shares of the Company which may be issued upon exercise
   of all outstanding share options granted and yet to be exercised under the share option scheme and
   any other schemes of the Company must not exceed 30% of the shares of the Company in issue from
   time to time. The maximum number of shares issued or to be issued upon exercise of share options
   granted to any one participant in a 12-month period shall not exceed 1% (or 0.1% for any substantial
   shareholder, independent non-executive director or other associates, see the paragraph below) of the
   issued shares of the Company.


   Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or to
   any of their associates are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive directors.
   In addition, any share options granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive
   director of the Company, or to any of their associates, in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company
   in issue at any time and with an aggregate value (based on the price of the Company’s shares at the
   date of grant) in excess of HK$5 million, within any 12-month period, are subject to shareholders’
   approval in advance in a general meeting.


   The offer of a grant of share options may be accepted upon payment of a non-refundable nominal
   consideration of HK$1.00 by each grantee. The Share Option Scheme does not specify any minimum
   holding period but the Board has the authority to determine the minimum period for which a share
   option in respect of some or all of the shares forming the subject of the share options must be held
   before it can be exercised. The exercise period of the share options granted is determinable by the
   directors, and commences on a specified date and ends on a date which is not later than ten years
   from the date of grant of the relevant share option.


   The exercise price of a share option to subscribe for shares of the Company is determinable by the
   directors, but may not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on the
   Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the date of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the Company’s shares
   on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of grant;
   and (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s shares.


   Share options do not confer rights on the holders to receive dividends or to vote at general meetings of
   the Company.
254   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Share option scheme of the Company (continued)
            The directors have estimated the values of the share options granted, calculated using the binomial
            option pricing model as at the date of grant of the options. The values of share options calculated
            using the binomial model are subject to certain fundamental limitations, due to the subjective nature
            of and uncertainty relating to a number of assumptions of the expected future performance input to the
            model, and certain inherent limitations of the model itself.


            The value of an option varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions. Any change to
            the variables used may materially affect the estimation of the fair value of an option.


            The following share options were outstanding under the share option scheme during the year:


                                                                  2022                              2021

                                                                                            Weighted
                                                         Weighted
                                                           average                            average
                                                     exercise price          Number     exercise price       Number
                                                         per share         of options       per share      of options
                                                                HK$             ’000             HK$            ’000


              At 1 January                                    4.0590         48,576           3.9910         83,185
              Forfeited during the year                       4.2549         (5,132)          4.1164         (7,132)
              Exercised during the year                       3.9726         (4,323)          3.8383        (27,477)


              At 31 December                                  4.0428         39,121           4.0590         48,576


            The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the year
            ended 31 December 2022 was HK$4.9335 per share (2021: HK$5.8103 per share).
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022        255

                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                  31 December 2022




36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Share option scheme of the Company (continued)
   The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding as at the end of the
   reporting period are as follows:


   2022


       Number of options                         Exercise price per share*                        Exercise period
                    ’000                                                HK$


                   2,387                                            3.7329                                  Note 2
                 31,115                                             4.1520                                  Note 3
                   5,619                                            3.5700                                  Note 4


                 39,121


   2021


       Number of options                          Exercise price per share*                        Exercise period
                    ’000                                                HK$


                   2,820                                            4.3860                                  Note 1
                   3,745                                            3.7329                                  Note 2
                 35,811                                             4.1520                                  Note 3
                   6,200                                            3.5700                                  Note 4


                 48,576


   *       The exercise price of the share options is subject to adjustment in the case of rights or bonus issues, or
           other similar changes in the Company’s share capital.
256   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Share option scheme of the Company (continued)
            Note 1:   For share options granted to the employees of the Group, approximately 13% of such share options are
                      exercisable commencing from 9 January 2017; a further approximately 43% are exercisable commencing
                      from 9 January 2018; and the remaining approximately 44% are exercisable commencing from 9 January
                      2019, up to 1 June 2022.

                      For share options granted to the employees of TCL Technology and its subsidiaries (excluding the Group),
                      approximately one-third of such share options are exercisable commencing from 31 December 2016; a
                      further approximately one-third are exercisable commencing from 31 December 2017; and the remaining
                      approximately one-third are exercisable commencing from 31 December 2018, up to 1 June 2022.

            Note 2:   Subject to fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December 2016; approximately
                      21% of the share options are exercisable commencing from 9 January 2018 to 11 May 2023; and subject
                      to fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December 2017; approximately 79% of the
                      share options are exercisable commencing from 9 January 2019 to 11 May 2023.

            Note 3:   Subject to fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December 2018, up to about one-
                      sixth of the share options are exercisable commencing from 18 May 2019 to 22 January 2024 and up to
                      another about one-sixth of share options are exercisable commencing from 9 January 2020 to 22 January
                      2024; and subject to fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December 2019, up to
                      about one-sixth of the share options are exercisable commencing from 18 May 2020 to 22 January 2024
                      and up to another about one-sixth of share options are exercisable commencing from 9 January 2021 to
                      22 January 2024; and subject to fulfilment of the performance targets for the year ended 31 December
                      2020, up to about one-sixth of the share options are exercisable commencing from 18 May 2021 to 22
                      January 2024 and up to another about one-sixth of share options are exercisable commencing from 9
                      January 2022 to 22 January 2024.

            Note 4:   Subject to fulfilment of the conditions for exercise of share options that the relevant option grantee (i) has
                      paid the costs incurred or to be incurred by the Company for the relevant part of the share options and (ii)
                      remains to be an employee of TCL Technology and its subsidiaries or TCL Holdings and its subsidiaries
                      on 15 June 2018, 15 June 2019 and 15 June 2020 (as the case may be) respectively, approximately
                      one-third of the share options are exercisable commencing from 15 June 2018 to 24 April 2024; another
                      approximately one-third of the share options are exercisable commencing from 15 June 2019 to 24 April
                      2024; and the remaining approximately one-third of the share options are exercisable commencing from
                      15 June 2020 to 24 April 2024.


            There was no share option granted during 2022.


            The 4,323,365 share options exercised during the year resulted in the issue of 4,323,365 ordinary
            shares of the Company and additional share capital of HK$4,323,000 and share premium of
            HK$19,340,000.


            At the end of the reporting period, the Company had 39,121,000 share options outstanding under
            the Scheme. The exercise in full of the outstanding share options would, under the present capital
            structure of the Company, result in the issue of 39,121,000 additional ordinary shares of the Company
            and additional share capital and share premium amounts of approximately HK$39,121,000 and
            HK$119,040,000, respectively.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   257

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                         31 December 2022




36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Restricted share award scheme of the Company
   A restricted share award scheme was adopted by the Company on 6 February 2008 (the “Adoption
   Date”) (as amended on 11 August 2015, 13 June 2016, 24 November 2017 and 4 May 2018) (the
   “Award Scheme”) to recognise and motivate the contribution of certain participants and to provide
   incentives and help the Group in retaining its existing employees and recruiting suitable personnel as
   additional employees to further extend the operation and development of the Group and to provide
   them with a direct economic interest in attaining the long-term business objectives of the Group.
   The Award Scheme does not constitute a share option scheme pursuant to the then Chapter 17 of
   the Listing Rules (before its amendment which took effect on 1 January 2023) and is a discretionary
   scheme of the Company.


   As at 31 December 2022, the Award Scheme comprises (i) the trust for management for the benefit
   of selected persons including, among others, connected persons of the Company and the senior
   management of the Group and (ii) the trust for employees and others for the benefit of selected
   persons who are not connected persons of the Company. The Company has appointed BOCI-Prudential
   Trustee Limited (the “Trustee”) for administration of each of the trusts under the Award Scheme.


   Pursuant to the terms of the Award Scheme:


   1.    The Board may, from time to time, at its sole and absolute discretion, designate any award to
         be made to any selected participant (“Selected Person(s)”). Participants cover (i) employees,
         advisers, consultants, agents, contractors, clients or suppliers of any member of the Group;
         and (ii) employees or officers of the affiliated companies whom the Board in its sole discretion
         considers may contribute or have contributed to the Group (collectively the “Selected Persons”
         and each a “Selected Person”).


   2.    An award may be satisfied by existing shares to be acquired by the Trustee from the market
         or new shares to be allotted and issued to the Trustee by the Company (collectively “Awarded
         Shares”) to be held on trust by the Trustee for the Selected Persons until the end of each
         vesting period subject to fulfilment of the vesting condition(s). The Board has the discretion to
         decide whether the Awarded Shares are the existing shares or new shares.


   3.    The Selected Persons shall also be entitled to the related distribution derived from the relevant
         Awarded Shares, which mainly covers a dividend paid by the Company in respect of the Awarded
         Shares concerned distributed during the period from the grant date to the vesting date of the
         Awarded Shares. The Awarded Shares shall however only be vested on the relevant Selected
         Persons on the vesting date subject to fulfilment of the vesting conditions.
258   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Restricted share award scheme of the Company (continued)
            Pursuant to the terms of the Award Scheme: (continued)


            4.     The Company may be obliged to pay the taxes and levies on behalf of the Selected Persons at
                   the time when the liabilities arise and has the discretion to deduct from such number of Awarded
                   Shares entitled by the relevant Selected Persons a certain number of the Awarded Shares which
                   is sufficient to cover the relevant liabilities of such taxes and levies as reimbursement. The
                   Awarded Shares so deducted will become returned shares, which will be held by the Trustee and
                   may be awarded as Awarded Shares pursuant to the Award Scheme.


            5.     The maximum aggregate number of shares awarded by the Board under the Award Scheme is
                   ten percent (10%) of the number of issued shares of the Company as at 11 August 2015 (the
                   “Amendment Date”), excluding all the shares awarded under the rules of the pre-amended Award
                   Scheme up to the Amendment Date.


            6.     The duration of the Award Scheme is 15 years from the Adoption Date, i.e., continue in force
                   until 5 February 2023.


            7.     The Board may, at its sole and absolute discretion, accelerate the vesting of awarded shares
                   add/or waive and/or alter any or all of the vesting conditions attached to the Awarded Shares.
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   259

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                         31 December 2022




36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Restricted share award scheme of the Company (continued)
   The following Awarded Shares were outstanding during the year:


                                                                                 2022             2021
                                                                            Number of         Number of
                                                                              Awarded           Awarded
                                                                               Shares            Shares
                                                                                  ’000             ’000


    At 1 January
      – Number of Awarded Shares held by the Trustee                           79,550           66,680
      – Number of Awarded Shares granted but not vested                       117,386           14,537
      – Number of Awarded Shares available for grant                          118,758          233,230


    At 31 December
      – Number of Awarded Shares held by the Trustee                           84,053           79,550
      – Number of Awarded Shares granted but not vested                        72,051          117,386
      – Number of Awarded Shares available for grant                          118,758          118,758


    Granted during the year (note a)                                                 –         114,472
      – Grant using existing shares                                                  –          72,418
      – Grant using new shares                                                       –          42,054
    Lapsed during the year                                                          27            3,627
    Vested during the year                                                     45,308             7,996


    Purchased during the year (note b)                                         16,827           20,000
    Allotted and issued during the year (note c)                               15,498                 –
    Individual income tax paid on behalf of the
      Selected Persons during the year (note d)                                17,486               866
260   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Restricted share award scheme of the Company (continued)
            Notes:


            (a)      For the year ended 31 December 2022, no (2021: 114,742,220) Awarded Shares were granted to the
                     Selected Employees. The fair values of the Awarded Shares on the date of grant totalled HK$596,400,000
                     of HK$5.21 per share for the year ended 31 December 2021, of which the Group recognised employee
                     share-based compensation benefits under the Award Scheme of HK$147,629,000 (2021: HK$132,163,000)
                     in respect of the Awarded Shares granted to the Selected Employees.


            (b)      For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Trustee purchased 16,827,000 Awarded Shares at a total
                     cost (including transaction costs) of HK$53,666,000. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Trustee
                     purchased 20,000,000 Awarded Shares at a total cost (including transaction costs) of HK$82,966,000.


            (c)      For the year ended 31 December 2022, 15,497,430 Awarded Shares were allotted and issued to the Trustee
                     at par value. For the year ended 31 December 2021, no Awarded Shares were allotted and issued to the
                     Trustee at par value.


            (d)      For the year ended 31 December 2022, tax has been paid by the Group on behalf of certain Selected
                     Persons whose rights were vested in the Awarded Shares and 17,486,641 (2021: 866,110) Awarded Shares
                     were deducted from the total number of Awarded Shares entitled to be vested to those Selected Persons as
                     the settlement for the Individual Income Tax paid by the Group on their behalf.


            Equity-settled share-based payment of a subsidiary of the Group
            Falcon Network Technology was co-founded by the Group, as an associate of the Company, and various
            joint ventures partners in 2017 to engage in internet smart television platform operation business.
            Falcon Network Technology adopted the Falcon Incentive Scheme for the benefit of the Falcon Incentive
            Scheme Participants. Falcon Network Technology granted certain restricted share units (“Falcon
            RSUs”) under the Falcon Incentive Scheme to eligible Falcon Incentive Scheme Participants before 31
            December 2021. For the avoidance of doubt, such award scheme did not constitute a share option
            scheme under then Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and was a discretionary scheme of such subsidiary.
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   261

                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                       31 December 2022




36. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Equity-settled share-based payment of a subsidiary of the Group
   (continued)
   Falcon Network Technology became a subsidiary of the Company in 2019 after the Group completed
   the acquisition of additional 15.56% of equity interest in Falcon Network Technology. On 31 May
   2021, as Falcon Network Technology has become a subsidiary of the Company since March 2019, in
   order to further enhance the incentive effect of the existing incentive arrangement under the Falcon
   Incentive Scheme, as well as to strengthen the alignment of interests of the Falcon Incentive Scheme
   Participants with those of the Group, the Board has resolved to terminate the Falcon Incentive Scheme
   and to replace the Falcon RSUs already granted with restricted shares to be granted under the Award
   Scheme, pursuant to which (i) the Falcon RSU holders (“Falcon RSU Holders”) are disenfranchised
   of their rights under the Falcon RSUs granted to them under the Falcon Incentive Scheme; and (ii) at
   the same time, the Falcon RSU Holders (each being an eligible Participant under the Award Scheme)
   are granted Restricted Shares under the Award Scheme with reference to the amount of Falcon RSUs
   already granted to such Falcon RSU Holders and the contribution made and to be made by such Falcon
   RSU Holders, subject to their acceptance.


   In May 2021, against the foregoing background, the Group accounted for the granting of the Awarded
   Shares as replacement instruments for the cancelled Falcon RSUs. The number of replaced cumulative
   Falcon RSUs is 6,940,884 with the net fair value of HK$237,693,000. The Group granted an aggregate
   of 114,472,220 Restricted Shares of which 72,417,732 were existing Shares and 42,054,488 were
   new Shares, and the net fair value of the Restricted Shares is HK$596,400,000.
262   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      37. RESERVES
            The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are
            presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 133 to 134.


            (i)    Share option reserve
                   The share option reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be
                   exercised, as further explained in the accounting policy for share-based payments in note 2.4 to
                   the financial statements. The amount will either be transferred to the share premium account
                   when the related options are exercised, or be transferred to retained profits should the related
                   options expire after the vesting period.


            (ii) Capital reserve
                   The Group’s capital reserve represented the excess of the nominal value of the shares of the
                   subsidiaries acquired prior to the listing of the Company’s shares over the nominal value of the
                   Company’s shares issued in exchange therefor as well as the difference between the amounts of
                   consideration and the carrying values of non-controlling interests acquired or disposed of.


            (iii) Reserve funds
                   Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations in the PRC, a portion of the profits of the Group’s
                   subsidiaries in the PRC has been transferred to the reserve funds which are restricted to use.


            (iv) Awarded share reserve
                   The awarded share reserve represents the excess of the fair value of the Awarded Shares over
                   the total cost (including related transaction costs) of the Awarded Shares awarded and vested to
                   the Selected Employees at the date of award.


            (v) Cash flow hedge reserve
                   The cash flow hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net gain or loss
                   on the hedging instruments used in cash flow hedges pending subsequent recognition of the
                   hedged cash flows in accordance with the accounting policy adopted for cash flow hedges.
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   263

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




38. P A R T L Y - O W N E D S U B S I D I A R Y W I T H M A T E R I A L N O N -
    CONTROLLING INTERESTS
    Details of Falcon Network Technology Group, the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
    interests are set out below:


                                                                                      2022             2021


     Falcon Network Technology Group                                                17.78%           22.86%


                                                                                      2022             2021
                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000


     Profit for the year allocated to non-controlling interests                     58,855         109,907


     Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests
       at the reporting date                                                       317,251         370,532


    The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiaries. The
    amounts disclosed are before any inter-company eliminations:


                                                                                      2022             2021
                                                                            (Consolidated)    (Consolidated)
                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000


     Revenue                                                                     1,846,034       1,515,177
     Total expenses                                                             (1,537,174)      (1,210,155)
     Profit for the year                                                           308,860         305,022
     Total comprehensive income for the year                                       308,860         305,022


     Current assets                                                              2,397,662       2,005,756
     Non-current assets                                                            100,981         100,339
     Current liabilities                                                          (563,201)        (406,158)
     Non-current liabilities                                                       (16,476)         (12,456)


     Net cash flows from operating activities                                      207,781         554,110
     Net cash flows used in investing activities                                   (69,975)         (77,472)
     Net cash flows used in financing activities                                    (4,003)          (4,284)


     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     133,803         472,354
264   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      39. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
            Financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety
            Factoring trade receivables
            At 31 December 2022, the Group has entered into certain receivables purchase agreements with
            financial institutions for the factoring of trade receivables due from certain specified customers with
            an aggregate carrying amount of HK$3,300,447,000 (2021: HK$3,244,692,000). In the opinion of
            the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the factored
            trade receivables. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the factored trade
            receivables. The maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s continuing involvement in the factored
            trade receivables and the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these factored trade receivables is
            equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the directors, the fair values of the Group’s continuing
            involvement in the factored trade receivables are not significant.


            During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no gains or losses were recognised on the date
            of transfer of the factored trade receivables. No gains or losses were recognised from the continuing
            involvement, both during the year or cumulatively.


            Bills discounted
            At 31 December 2022, certain bills receivable were discounted by banks in the PRC and banks in
            Hong Kong with a carrying amount of HK$648,729,000 (2021: HK$952,523,000). In the opinion of
            the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards relating to the discounted
            bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the discounted bills. The maximum
            exposure to loss from the Group’s continuing involvement in the discounted bills and the undiscounted
            cash flows to repurchase these discounted bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of
            the directors, the fair values of the Group’s continuing involvement in the discounted bills are not
            significant.


            During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no gains or losses was recognised on the date
            of transfer of the discounted bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the continuing involvement,
            both during the year or cumulatively.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   265

                                                                      Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                           31 December 2022




39. TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
   Financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety (continued)
   Endorsed bills
   At 31 December 2022, certain subsidiaries of the Group endorsed certain bills receivable accepted
   by banks and an associate in the PRC (the “derecognised bills”) to certain of its suppliers in
   order to settle the trade payables due to such suppliers with a carrying amount in aggregate of
   HK$1,096,974,000 (2021: HK$326,269,000). The derecognised bills had a maturity of one to six
   months at the end of the reporting period. In accordance with the Law of Negotiable Instruments in the
   PRC, the holders of the derecognised bills have a right of recourse against the Group if the PRC banks
   default. In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards
   relating to the derecognised bills and the associated trade payables. The maximum exposure to loss
   from the Group’s continuing involvement in the derecognised bills and the undiscounted cash flows to
   repurchase these derecognised bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the directors,
   the fair values of the Group’s continuing involvement in the derecognised bills are not significant.


   During the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, no gains or losses were recognised on the
   date of transfer of the derecognised bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the continuing
   involvement, both during the year or cumulatively.


   Financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety
   Factoring trade receivables
   During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group entered into trade receivable factoring
   arrangements and transferred certain trade receivables to banks. Under the arrangements, the Group
   was required to pay interest to banks during the payment term of trade debtors or a certain period,
   using the less. The Group is not exposed to default risks of the trade debtors after the transfer.
   Subsequent to the transfer, the Group did not retain any rights on the use of the trade receivables,
   including the sale, transfer or pledge of the trade receivables to any other third parties. The carrying
   amount of the assets that the Group continued to recognise and that of the associated liabilities as at
   31 December 2022 amounted to HK$25,106,000 (2021: HK$9,016,000).
266   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      40. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
            Year ended 31 December 2022
            Acquisition of equity interest in TCL Digital Technology Group
            On 13 May 2022, TCL Electronics (Huizhou) Co., Limited* (“TCL Electronics (Huizhou)”, TCL電子
            （惠州）有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into the acquisition agreement with T.C.L.
            Industries (H.K.), pursuant to which T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) conditionally agreed to sell, and TCL
            Electronics (Huizhou) conditionally agreed to acquire, 100% of the equity Interest in and of TCL Digital
            Technology (Shenzhen) and its subsidiaries (“TCL Digital Technology Group”) at the consideration of
            approximately RMB116,031,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$136,731,000). The transaction was
            completed in May 2022 and TCL Digital Technology Group have become wholly-owned subsidiaries of
            the Group since then.


            The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of TCL Digital Technology Group as at the date
            of acquisition were as follows:


                                                                                                         Fair value
                                                                                                        recognised
                                                                                                     on acquisition
                                                                                        Notes             HK$’000


              Other intangible assets                                                     18                   37
              Investments in associates                                                                   377,747
              Equity investments designated at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                                                                  1,768
              Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                              36,850
              Cash and bank balances                                                                          274
              Other payables and accruals                                                                (279,936)
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                    34                   (9)


              Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                 136,731


              Goodwill on acquisition                                                                             –


              Satisfied by:
                Cash                                                                                        66,247
                Other payables                                                                              70,484


                                                                                                          136,731
                                                         TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   267

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2022




40. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)
   Year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
   Acquisition of equity interest in TCL Digital Technology Group (continued)
   The fair values of the other receivables as at the date of acquisition amounted to HK$36,850,000. The
   gross contractual amount of other receivables was HK$36,850,000.


   An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of subsidiaries is as follows:


                                                                                                   HK$’000


    Cash consideration                                                                              (66,247)
    Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                     274


    Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents
      included in cash flows from investing activities                                              (65,973)


   Since the completion of the acquisition, TCL Digital Technology Group had not contributed to the
   Group’s revenue but contributed HK$26,055,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31
   December 2022.


   Had the combination taken place on 1 January 2022, the revenue of the Group and consolidated
   profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 would have been HK$71,351,415,000 and
   HK$566,434,000, respectively.
268   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      41. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
            Year ended 31 December 2022
            (a)    On 29 August 2022, TTE Corporation entered into the equity transfer agreement with Shenzhen
                   Langtai Technology Holdings Limited* (“Langtai Tech”, 深圳市朗泰科技控股有限公司), pursuant
                   to which TTE Corporation had agreed to sell, and Langtai Tech had agreed to purchase, 100%
                   equity interest in ST Overseas Limited, a subsidiary of TTE Corporation, at the consideration of
                   approximately HK$669,000. The transaction was completed on 31 August 2022.


                   The total net assets disposed of in respect of the disposal of a subsidiary during the year ended
                   31 December 2022 is as follows:


                                                                                                             2022
                                                                                        Notes            HK$’000


                    Net assets disposed of:
                      Inventories                                                                               5
                      Trade receivables                                                                    23,236
                      Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                         121
                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                            21,073
                      Trade payables                                                                      (21,304)
                      Other payables and accruals                                                         (24,068)
                      Provisions                                                         33                   (26)


                                                                                                             (963)
                    Release of exchange fluctuation reserve and other reserves                                 42


                                                                                                             (921)
                    Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                      7                 1,590


                                                                                                              669


                    Satisfied by:
                      Consideration receivable included in other receivables                                  669
                                                     TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   269

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                        31 December 2022




41. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
   Year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
         An analysis of the net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of a
         subsidiary is as follows:


                                                                                                   2022
                                                                                               HK$’000


          Cash consideration received                                                                  –
          Cash and bank balances disposed of                                                    (21,073)


          Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows
            from investing activities                                                           (21,073)


   (b)   On 16 September 2022, TCL Entertainment Solutions Limited (“TES Limited”) entered into the
         equity transfer agreement with Langtai Tech, pursuant to which TES Limited had agreed to sell,
         and Langtai Tech had agreed to purchase, 100% equity interest in Shenzhen Langhe Industrial
         Co., Ltd*(深圳市朗和實業有限公司, formerly known as Shenzhen TCL Entertainment Solutions
         Limited*(深圳TCL娛樂系統有限公司)), at the consideration of approximately HK$1.14, the
         transaction was completed on 21 September 2022.

         The total net assets disposed of in respect of the disposal of a subsidiary during the year ended
         31 December 2022 is as follows:


                                                                                                   2022
                                                                              Notes            HK$’000


          Net assets disposed of:
            Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                         259
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                               356
            Other payables and accruals                                                          (3,503)
            Provisions                                                         33                    (28)


                                                                                                 (2,916)
          Release of exchange fluctuation reserve                                                     81


                                                                                                 (2,835)
          Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                      7                 2,835


                                                                                                       –


          Satisfied by:
            Consideration receivable included in other receivables                                     –
270   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      41. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
            Year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)
                   An analysis of the net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of a
                   subsidiary is as follows:


                                                                                                          2022
                                                                                                       HK$’000


                     Cash consideration                                                                       –
                     Cash and bank balances disposed of                                                   (356)


                     Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from investing
                       activities                                                                         (356)


            Year ended 31 December 2021
            On 17 December 2021 (after trading hours), TCL King (Huizhou) entered into the equity transfer
            agreement with TCL Holdings, pursuant to which TCL King (Huizhou) had agreed to sell, and TCL
            Holdings had agreed to purchase, 100% equity interest in TCL Hengshi Tianrui Investment (Ningbo) Co.,
            Ltd.* (“TCL Hengshi Tianrui”, TCL恒時天瑞投資（寧波）有限公司, a subsidiary of TCL King (Huizhou)) at
            the consideration of approximately RMB10,400,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$12,723,000). The
            transaction was completed on 28 December 2021.

            The total net assets disposed of in respect of the disposal of a subsidiary during the year ended 31
            December 2021 is as follows:


                                                                                                          2021
                                                                                           Note        HK$’000


              Net assets disposed of:
                Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                             67
                Cash and cash equivalents                                                               12,675
                Other payables and accruals                                                                 (1)
                Tax payable                                                                                 (1)


                                                                                                        12,740
              Release of exchange fluctuation reserve                                                      (15)


                                                                                                        12,725
              Loss on disposal of a subsidiary                                              7               (2)


                                                                                                        12,723


              Satisfied by:
                Cash                                                                                    12,723
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   271

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                         31 December 2022




41. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)
   Year ended 31 December 2021 (continued)
   An analysis of the net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of a subsidiary is
   as follows:


                                                                                                   2021
                                                                                                HK$’000


    Cash consideration received                                                                   12,723
    Cash and bank balances disposed of                                                           (12,675)


    Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from
      investing activities                                                                             48



42. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
   (a) Major non-cash transactions
         During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
         HK$150,478,000 (2021: HK$357,298,000) and HK$150,478,000 (2021: HK$211,075,000),
         respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for plant and equipment.


   (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                   Dividend
                                                                                    payable
                                                  Bank loans                       included
                                                   and other          Lease        in other
                                                  borrowings      liabilities      payables         Total
                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


           At 1 January 2022                      6,880,117        460,504              12    7,340,633
           Changes from financing cash flows      (1,329,085)     (167,312)      (416,741)    (1,913,138)
           New lease arising from addition
             of right-of-use assets                         –      150,478                –     150,478
           Change in lease contracts                        –        (7,332)              –       (7,332)
           Foreign exchange movement                 (87,949)      (26,597)               –     (114,546)
           Interest expense – lease liabilities             –       18,041                –       18,041
           Interest paid classified
             as operating cash flows                        –      (18,041)               –      (18,041)
           Dividend payable                                 –              –       416,747      416,747


           At 31 December 2022                    5,463,083        409,741              18    5,872,842
272   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      42. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
          (CONTINUED)
            (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities (continued)
                                                                                              Dividend
                                                              Bank loans                       payable
                                                               and other        Lease      included in
                                                              borrowings     liabilities other payables          Total
                                                                HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


                    At 1 January 2021                         5,446,788      346,032                21    5,792,841
                    Changes from financing cash flows         1,358,808     (135,177)       (277,243)      946,388
                    New lease arising from addition of
                      right-of-use assets                             –      211,075                 –     211,075
                    Change in lease contracts                         –       38,656                 –        38,656
                    Foreign exchange movement                   74,521            (82)               –        74,439
                    Interest expense – lease liabilities              –       22,187                 –        22,187
                    Interest paid classified
                      as operating cash flows                         –      (22,187)                –        (22,187)
                    Dividend payable                                  –             –        277,234       277,234


                    At 31 December 2021                       6,880,117       460,504               12    7,340,633


            (c) Total cash outflow for leases
                   The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:


                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


                    Within operating activities                                           105,822          160,262
                    Within financing activities                                           167,312          135,177


                                                                                          273,134          295,439
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    273

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




43. COMMITMENTS
   (a)   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                     2022             2021
                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


           Contracted, but not provided for:
             Capital contribution payable to a subsidiary                        452,161                  –
             Capital contribution payable to joint ventures                              –          16,183
             Capital contribution payable to associates                          221,457           383,906


                                                                                 673,618           400,089


           Authorised, but not contracted for:
             Land and buildings                                                  116,590           663,529


                                                                                 790,208         1,063,618


   (b)   The Group has various lease contracts that have not yet commenced as at 31 December 2022.
         The future lease payments for these non-cancellable lease contracts are HK$756,000 due within
         one year and HK$756,000 due in the second to fifth years, inclusive.


   (c)   The Group has various short-term leases and lease of low-value assets contracts that have not
         yet completed as at 31 December 2022. The future lease payments for these non-cancellable
         lease contracts are HK$2,183,000 due within one year and HK$207,000 due in the second to
         fifth years, inclusive.


44. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   SEMP Mobilidade, a subsidiary of SEMP TCL, is currently a defendant in a lawsuit in Brazil with Brazil
   tax authority for alleged improper application of tax credits for the period of 2012 and 2013. As at the
   date of this report, the lawsuit is still ongoing. The information usually required by HKAS 37 Provisions,
   Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets is not disclosed on the grounds that it can be expected
   to prejudice seriously the outcome of the litigations. Based on the response from the independent
   attorney in charge, it is expected that the litigation will last for 3 to 5 years. The Group has not made
   any provision as the Group, based on the advice from the Group’s legal counsel, believes that SEMP
   Mobilidade has a valid defence against the allegation.
274   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      45. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            (a)    In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had
                   the following material transactions with related parties during the year:


                                                                                                2022        2021
                                                                            Notes          HK$’000       HK$’000


                    Joint ventures:
                      Sales of finished goods                                 (i)        1,670,673       976,381
                      After-sales service income                              (ii)              2,393      4,326
                      Sales of raw materials                                 (vii)              8,371      5,471
                      Purchases of raw materials                             (vi)          205,172        56,195
                      Other service income                                                      8,816           –


                    Associates:
                      Interest income                                        (iii)               617         864
                      Purchases of raw materials                             (vi)        1,199,910              –
                      Sales of finished goods                                 (i)        8,172,849      6,050,321
                      Rental expense and licence fee                         (xi)                   –        203
                      After-sales service fee                                (xiv)         470,721       391,339
                      After-sales service income                              (ii)               730       1,399
                      Sales of raw materials                                 (vii)             49,315     41,543
                      Purchases of finished goods                            (vi)                502            –
                      Platform service fee                                   (viii)                 –     37,424
                      Rental, maintenance fees and
                         facilities usage income                              (x)               5,551      5,222
                      Other service income                                   (xvi)             96,845    112,861
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   275

                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                         31 December 2022




45. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (a)   (continued)


                                                                                 2022             2021
                                                               Notes         HK$’000           HK$’000


          Companies controlled by TCL Holdings*:
            Interest income                                     (iii)          64,446           13,920
            Interest expense                                     (iv)          46,026           22,515
            Sales of raw materials                              (vii)          14,088           18,967
            Sales of finished goods                              (i)          626,095          498,128
            Purchases of raw materials                           (vi)          30,298          122,901
            Purchases of finished goods                          (vi)       6,351,530        5,577,081
            Rental, maintenance income
              and facilities usage income                        (x)            3,754           19,941
            Rental expense and licence fee                       (xi)          15,287           29,165
            Brand promotion fee                                 (xii)         387,433           89,644
            After-sales service income                           (ii)           2,072             1,986
            After-sales service fee                             (xiv)          42,205           38,531
            Promotion fee income                                (xv)            2,191               954
            Other service income                                (xvi)         143,201          149,238
            Addition of right-of-use assets                                    15,912           12,288
            IT and other service fees                           (viii)         96,266           83,009
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                33,864           16,352
            Interest expense on lease liabilities                               1,754             2,204
            Other finance service fees                           (v)           14,606             2,018


          Affiliates of TCL Holdings:
            Purchases of raw materials                           (vi)       1,432,472        2,207,174
            Purchases of finished goods                          (vi)          17,490           42,352
            Sales of finished goods                              (i)          674,101          494,566
            Sales of raw materials                              (vii)           6,362             2,491
            After-sales service income                           (ii)                –              836
            Subcontracting fee expense                         (xviii)        331,626          310,030
            Logistics service fee expense                       (xvii)        433,936          441,558
            Addition of right-of-use assets                                       715           43,612
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                 9,446           10,286
            Interest expense on lease liabilities                               1,582             2,009
            Rental income                                        (x)            3,568             2,606
276   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      45. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (a)    (continued)


                                                                               2022         2021
                                                                 Notes      HK$’000      HK$’000


                    Companies controlled by TCL Technology*:
                      Sales of raw materials                      (vii)     230,648       39,027
                      Sales of finished goods                      (i)      577,837      660,347
                      Purchases of raw materials                  (vi)     8,319,380   14,899,971
                      Purchases of finished goods                 (vi)     2,733,130    1,879,176
                      Rental, maintenance income and
                         facilities usage income                  (x)        66,054       52,615
                      Rental expense and licence fee              (xi)        7,549       12,824
                      Reimbursement of R&D and rental expenses   (xiii)     127,119      104,387
                      After-sales service income                  (ii)        5,368         8,653
                      After-sales service fee                    (xiv)        5,119             –
                      Promotion fee income                        (xv)             –        4,864
                      Platform service fee                       (viii)       3,674         4,027
                      Subcontracting fee expense                 (xviii)        150         4,294
                      IT and other service fees                  (viii)      95,776         5,804
                      Addition of right-of-use assets            (xix)       12,698         1,794
                      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                    19,350       19,801
                      Interest on lease liabilities                           1,496         2,179
                      Other service income                       (xvi)        1,651       11,394
                      Other finance service fees                  (v)             1             –
                      Interest expense                            (iv)             –      19,660
                      Interest income                             (iii)         507         4,116


                    Other related parties:
                      Sales of finished goods                      (i)             –     405,288
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022          277

                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                    31 December 2022




45. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (a)   (continued)

         Notes:


         (i)      The sales of finished goods were made by reference to the prevailing market prices.


         (ii)     The after-sales service income was determined with reference to the rates of other similar services
                  and the amount of general after-sales service expenses of the Group in the past.


         (iii)    The interest was charged at rates ranging from 0.01% to 5.00% (2021: from 1.70% to 3.30%) per
                  annum, which were determined with reference to the savings rates quoted by the People’s Bank of
                  China.


         (iv)     The interest was charged at rates ranging from 1.70% to 3.10% (2021: 0.95% to 3.25%) per annum.


         (v)      The other finance service fees were determined with reference to the rates of other similar services
                  provided by third party companies.


         (vi)     For the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, the purchases of raw materials and finished
                  goods were made at prices similar to those set by independent third party suppliers or the acquisition
                  price plus mark-ups.


         (vii)    The sales of raw materials were made at the cost plus a certain mark-up which is mutually agreed.


         (viii)   The platform and IT and other services fee were determined with reference to service expenses
                  charged by third party companies offering similar services.


         (ix)     The subcontracting income was determined with reference to the rates of similar services provided to
                  other third party companies.


         (x)      The rental, maintenance income and facilities usage income were determined with reference to the
                  rates of other similar premises.


         (xi)     The rental expense was charged at rates ranging from RMB55 to RMB131 (2021: RMB12 to
                  RMB131) per square metre. The licence fee was charged at rates ranging from HK$34 to HK$39
                  (2021: HK$34) per square feet.
278   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      45. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (a)       (continued)


            Notes: (continued)


            (xii)     Brand promotion fee incurred by TCL Holdings was made based on 2.22% (2021: 0.73%) of the annual sales
                      of products using TCL brand within the PRC, 0.70% (2021: 0.04%) of the annual sales of products using TCL
                      brand outside the PRC and 0.25% (2021: 0.25%) of the annual sales of products of ODM and OEM brands,
                      as defined in the Master Brand Promotion (2022-2024) Agreement.


            (xiii)    The research and development expenses represent human resource costs allocated to the Group in respect
                      of personnel of companies controlled by TCL Technology. The rental expenses were determined with
                      reference to the rates of other similar premises.


            (xiv)     The after-sales service fee was calculated and charged at a percentage of the sales revenue (capped at 2%)
                      of certain TV products in the PRC market.


            (xv)      The promotion fee income was determined with reference to the percentage charged by other active market
                      participants in providing similar promotion services.


            (xvi)     The platform and other service income was determined with reference to the rates of similar services
                      provided to other third party companies.


            (xvii)    The logistics service fee was determined with reference to the rates of other similar services provided by
                      other third party companies.


            (xviii)   The subcontracting fee expense was determined with reference to subcontracting fees charged by third party
                      companies offering similar services.


            (xix)     The price of addition of right-of-use assets was determined with reference to prices charged by third party
                      companies.


            *         On 23 April 2021, T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) has completed the disposal of Moka International Limited and its
                      subsidiaries to TCL Technology Investment (H.K.) Limited (“TCL Technology Investment”) at a consideration
                      of RMB2,800,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,326,680,000).
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   279

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                         31 December 2022




45. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   (b)   Other material transactions with related parties:



         (i)     On 13 May 2022 (after trading hours), TCL Electronics (Huizhou), a subsidiary of the
                 Company, entered into the Acquisition Agreement with T.C.L. Industries (H.K.), pursuant
                 to which T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) conditionally agreed to sell, and TCL Electronics
                 (Huizhou) conditionally agreed to acquire, 100% of the equity interest in and of TCL
                 Digital Technology Group at the cash consideration of approximately RMB116,031,000
                 (equivalent to approximately HK$136,731,000). The transaction was completed in May
                 2022.


         (ii)    On 17 December 2021 (after trading hours), TCL King (Huizhou) entered into the
                 equity transfer agreement with TCL Holdings, pursuant to which TCL King (Huizhou) had
                 agreed to sell, and TCL Holdings had agreed to purchase, 100% equity interest in TCL
                 Hengshi Tianrui, a subsidiary of TCL King (Huizhou) at the consideration of approximately
                 RMB10,400,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$12,723,000). The transaction was
                 completed on 28 December 2021. For more details, please refer to note 41 to the
                 financial statements.


         (iii)   In December 2021, TCL Technology entered into the equity transfer agreement with
                 TCL King (Huizhou), pursuant to which TCL Technology had agreed to sell, and TCL
                 King (Huizhou) had agreed to purchase, 19.23% equity interest in Shanlian Information
                 Technology Engineering Center Co., Ltd. (閃聯信息技術工程中心有限公司, an associate
                 of TCL Technology) at the consideration of approximately RMB4,500,000 (equivalent to
                 approximately HK$5,504,000).


         (iv)    On 17 December 2021 (after trading hours), the investment cooperation framework
                 agreement (“lnvestment Cooperation Framework Agreement”) was entered into between
                 the Company and TCL Holdings in respect of, among others, the establishment of the
                 investment fund (“lnvestment Fund”) in the form of limited partnership, the subscription
                 of interests therein and the entering into of the limited partnership agreement in
                 relation thereto. The lnvestment Fund would be principally engaged in the business of
                 equity investment in the fields of core emerging and frontier technology which would
                 provide synergistic effect to the respective businesses of the Group and TCL Holdings
                 Group. Pursuant to the Investment Cooperation Framework Agreement, the total capital
                 commitment to the Investment Fund was RMB1,000.00 million (equivalent to approximately
                 HK$1,222.50 million), of which RMB199.90 million in cash would be contributed by one or
                 more subsidiary(ies) of the Company to be nominated by the Company as limited partner(s)
                 and RMB 800.10 million in cash would be contributed by one or more subsidiary(ies) of
                 TCL Holdings to be nominated by TCL Holdings as general partner(s). The transaction has
                 been completed as at the date of this annual report. For more details. please refer to the
                 announcement of the Company dated 17 December 2021.
280   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      45. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
            (b)    Other material transactions with related parties: (continued)


                   (v)    On 20 December 2021 (after trading hours), the strategic cooperation agreement
                          (“Strategic Cooperation Agreement”) was entered into between the Company and TCL
                          Holdings in respect of, among others, the formation of a joint venture company (“JV
                          Company”), the subscription of interests therein and the entering into of the shareholders’
                          agreement (“Shareholders’ Agreement”) and articles of associations in relation thereto.
                          Pursuant to the Strategic Cooperation Agreement, the registered capital of the JV
                          Company was RMB100.00 million (equivalent to approximately HK$ 122.25 million),
                          of which RMB19.99 million would be contributed by one or more subsidiary(ies) of the
                          Company to be nominated by the Company (“TCL Electronics Nominee Company(ies)”)
                          and RMB80.01 million in cash would be contributed by one or more subsidiary(ies) of
                          TCL Holdings to be nominated by TCL Holdings (“TCL Holdings Nominee Company(ies)”)
                          pursuant to the Strategic Cooperation Agreement. Upon completion, the JV Company
                          would be owned as to 19.99% by TCL Electronics Nominee Company(ies) and 80.01% by
                          TCL Holdings Nominee Company(ies).


                          Pursuant to the Shareholders’ Agreement, among others, the entire capital commitment
                          from TCL Electronics Nominee Company(ies) to the JV Company in the sum of RMB19.99
                          million (equivalent to approximately HK$ 24.44 million) shall be satisfied by way of
                          injecting into and transferring to the JV Company the 51 registered invention patents
                          legally and beneficially owned by the Group in relation to augmented reality technology
                          (“Intellectual Property Rights”). As TCL Electronics Nominee Company(ies) would hold
                          only 19.99% equity interest of the JV Company upon formation of the JV Company, the JV
                          Company would not become a subsidiary of the TCL Electronics Nominee Company(ies),
                          and hence the injection into and transfer of Intellectual Property Rights from the Group to
                          the JV Company subject to and in accordance with the Strategic Cooperation Agreement
                          and the Shareholders’ Agreement would constitute a disposal of the Intellectual Property
                          Rights by the Group. The transaction has been completed. For more details, please refer
                          to the announcement of the Company dated 20 December 2021.


            (c)    Details of compensation of key management personnel of the Group are set out in notes 8 and
                   9 to the financial statements.


            Except for the transactions with joint ventures, associates of the Group, addition of right-of-use
            assets, deprecation of right-of-use assets, interest expense on lease liabilities and transactions with
            TCL Technology and/or companies controlled by TCL Technology included in note 45, all the above
            transactions disclosed in note 45 also constitute connected transactions or continuing connected
            transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    281

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                            31 December 2022




46. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS
   The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with
   carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:


                                                 Carrying amounts                    Fair values
                                                   2022             2021            2022             2021
                                                HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000


    Financial assets
    Equity investments designated at fair
      value through other comprehensive
      income                                    200,433         141,356           200,433          141,356
    Trade receivables classified as
      financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                    340,313         964,470           340,313          964,470
    Bills receivable                          2,219,329       1,901,694       2,219,329         1,901,694
    Other receivables classified as
      financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                     76,136          89,999            76,136           89,999
    Financial assets at fair
      value through profit or loss            1,266,076       1,342,088       1,266,076         1,342,088
    Derivative financial instruments            579,984         240,587           579,984          240,587


                                              4,682,271       4,680,194       4,682,271         4,680,194


    Financial liabilities
    Interest-bearing bank and
      other borrowings                        5,463,083       6,880,117       5,394,702         6,830,798
    Derivative financial instruments            134,214          52,361           134,214           52,361
    Financial liability associated
      with put option                           160,667         121,370           160,667          121,370
    Other long-term payables                     16,731          48,715            16,731           48,715


                                              5,774,695       7,102,563       5,706,314         7,053,244
282   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      46. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, trade
            and bills payables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets,
            and financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals approximate to their carrying amounts
            largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.


            The Group’s finance department headed by the financial controller is responsible for determining
            the policies and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The financial
            controller reports directly to the CFO and the Audit Committee. At each reporting date, the finance
            department analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major
            inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer.
            The valuation process and results are discussed with the Audit Committee twice a year for interim and
            annual financial reporting.


            The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the
            instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced
            or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:


            The fair value of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings has been calculated by discounting the
            expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit
            risk and remaining maturities. The change in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance
            risk for interest-bearing bank and other borrowings as at 31 December 2022 was assessed to be
            insignificant.


            The fair value of the financial liability associated with put option is measured by discounted cash flow
            model using significant unobservable market inputs.
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022      283

                                                                       Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




46. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices. The fair values of
   unlisted equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income have been
   estimated using a market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not supported by
   observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires the directors to determine comparable public
   companies (peers) based on industry, size, leverage and strategy, and to calculate an appropriate
   price multiple, such as enterprise value to sales (“EV/S”) multiple, price to sales (“P/S”) and price
   to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, for each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated by
   dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading multiple
   is then discounted for considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the comparable
   companies based on company-specific facts and circumstances. The discounted multiple is applied
   to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity investments to measure the fair value.
   The directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation technique, which are
   recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes in fair values,
   which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are reasonable, and that they were the most
   appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.


   The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products issued by
   banks in the PRC. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a
   discounted cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar
   terms and risks.


   Derivative financial instruments, including forward currency contracts, foreign currency swaps and
   interest rate swaps, are measured using valuation techniques similar to forward pricing and swap
   models, using present value calculations. The models incorporate various market observable inputs
   including the credit quality of counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates and interest
   rate curves. The Group enters into these kinds of derivative financial instruments with various
   counterparties, principally financial institutions with AAA credit ratings. Derivative financial instruments,
   including call options and put options, are measured using valuation techniques of Black-Scholes
   Options Pricing Model or Monte Carlo Simulation Model. The models incorporate various market
   observable inputs including risk-free rate (“RFR”) and volatility. The carrying amounts of forward
   currency contracts, foreign currency swaps and interest rate swaps, call options and put options are
   the same as their fair values.


   As at 31 December 2022, the mark-to-market value of the derivative asset position was net of a credit
   valuation adjustment attributable to derivative counterparty default risk. The changes in counterparty
   credit risk had no material effect on the hedge effectiveness assessment for derivatives designated in
   hedge relationship and other financial instruments recognised at fair value.


   For the fair value of the unlisted equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income,
   management has estimated the potential effect of using reasonably possible alternatives as inputs to
   the valuation model.
284   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      46. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together
            with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 31 December 2022 and 2021:


                                Valuation         Significant                                   Sensitivity of fair
                                technique         unobservable input   Range                    value to the input

              Unlisted equity   Valuation         Average EV/S         2022: 3.9x to 6.4x       5% (2021: 5%) increase in
                investments       multiples         multiple of          (2021:3.9x to 8.8x)      multiple would result in
                                                    peers                                         increase in fair value by
                                                                                                  HK$800,000
                                                                                                  (2021: HK$4,219,000)

                                                  Average P/S          2022: 3.7x to 16.0x      5% (2021: 5%) increase in
                                                    multiple of          (2021: 15.4x)            multiple would result in
                                                    peers                                         increase in fair value by
                                                                                                  HK$1,515,000
                                                                                                  (2021: HK$664,000)

                                                  Average P/E          2022: 11.5x to 23.1x     5% increase in multiple
                                                    multiple of          (2021: 17.7x)            would result in increase
                                                    peers                                         in fair value by
                                                                                                  HK$9,347,000
                                                                                                  (2021: HK$1,588,000)

              Unlisted equity   Back Solve        RFR                  2022: Nil                1% (2021: 1% ) increase
                investments       Method                                 (2021: 0.9%)             (decrease) in RFR would
                                                                                                  have no material impact on
                                                                                                  the fair value

                                                  Volatility           2022: Nil                1% (2021: 1%) increase
                                                                         (2021: 50.4%)            (decrease) in volatility
                                                                                                  would have no material
                                                                                                  impact on the fair value

              Call options      Black-Scholes     RFR                  2022: 3.9% to 4.2%       1% (2021: 1%) increase
                                  Options                                (2021: 0.7% to 8.2%)     (decrease) in RFR would
                                  Pricing                                                         have no material impact on
                                  Model and                                                       the fair value
                                  Monte Carlo
                                  Simulation      Volatility           2022: 34.6% to 45.4%     1% (2021: 1%) increase
                                  Model                                  (2021: 32.3% to          (decrease) in volatility
                                                                         45.0% )                  would have no material
                                                                                                  impact on the fair value

              Put option        Black-Scholes     RFR                  2022: 3.9% to 4.2%       1% (2021: 1%) increase
                                  Options                                (2021: 1.3% to 8.2%)     (decrease) in RFR would
                                  Pricing Model                                                   have no material impact on
                                                                                                  the fair value

                                                  Volatility           2022: 34.6% to 45.4%     1% (2021: 1%) increase
                                                                         (2021: 36.2% to          (decrease) in volatility
                                                                         45.0%)                   would have no material
                                                                                                  impact on the fair value
                                                            TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    285

                                                                           Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                  31 December 2022




46. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Fair value hierarchy
   The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts determined
   by the Group that market participants would take into account when pricing the investments.


   Assets measured at fair value:
   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
   instruments:


   As at 31 December 2022


                                                                       Fair value measurement using
                                                       Quoted prices     Significant     Significant
                                                           in active     observable    unobservable
                                                           markets           inputs          inputs
                                                           (Level 1)       (Level 2)      (Level 3)         Total
                                                           HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


    Equity investments designated at fair value
      through other comprehensive income                    16,804                –        183,629       200,433
    Trade receivables classified as financial assets
      at fair value through profit or loss                        –        340,313                –      340,313
    Other receivables classified as financial assets
      at fair value through profit or loss                        –         76,136                –       76,136
    Bills receivable                                              –      2,219,329                –    2,219,329
    Derivative financial instruments                              –        335,448         244,536       579,984
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or
      loss                                                        –      1,266,076                –    1,266,076


                                                            16,804       4,237,302         428,165     4,682,271
286   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      46. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Fair value hierarchy (continued)
            Assets measured at fair value: (continued)
            As at 31 December 2021


                                                                              Fair value measurement using
                                                              Quoted prices      Significant   Significant
                                                                  in active     observable unobservable
                                                                   markets           inputs        inputs
                                                                  (Level 1)       (Level 2)     (Level 3)        Total
                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                                                 (Restated)    (Restated)


              Equity investments designated at fair value
                through other comprehensive income                 16,804                 –     124,552       141,356
              Trade receivables classified as financial
                assets at fair value through profit or loss              –        964,470               –     964,470
              Other receivables classified as financial
                assets at fair value through profit or loss              –          89,999              –      89,999
              Bills receivable                                           –      1,901,694               –    1,901,694
              Derivative financial instruments                           –          52,612      187,975       240,587
              Financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss                                   –      1,342,088               –    1,342,088


                                                                   16,804       4,350,863       312,527      4,680,194
                                                    TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   287

                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                        31 December 2022




46. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Fair value hierarchy (continued)
   The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:


                                                                                 2022             2021
                                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000


    Equity investments at fair value through
      other comprehensive income:
    At 1 January                                                              124,552           91,953
    Additions                                                                  30,548           24,452
    Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 40)                                       1,768                 –
    Disposals                                                                  (8,952)                –
    Total gain recognised in other comprehensive income                        36,006            4,297
    Income tax effect                                                          11,557            1,074
    Exchange realignment                                                      (11,850)           2,776


                                                                              183,629         124,552


                                                                                 2022             2021
                                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                             (Restated)


    Derivative financial instruments:
    At 1 January                                                              187,975         162,545
    Total gains recognised in profit or loss                                   54,979           27,445
    Exchange realignment                                                        1,582           (2,015)


                                                                              244,536         187,975
288   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      46. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
          INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
            Fair value hierarchy (continued)
            Liabilities measured at fair value:
            As at 31 December 2022


                                                                           Fair value measurement using
                                                           Quoted prices     Significant    Significant
                                                               in active     observable unobservable
                                                               markets            inputs        inputs
                                                               (Level 1)       (Level 2)     (Level 3)        Total
                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


              Derivative financial instruments                        –        134,214                 –   134,214


            As at 31 December 2021


                                                                           Fair value measurement using
                                                           Quoted prices      Significant   Significant
                                                               in active     observable unobservable
                                                                markets           inputs        inputs
                                                               (Level 1)       (Level 2)      (Level 3)       Total
                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


              Derivative financial instruments                        –          34,782        17,579       52,361


            The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:


                                                                                               2022          2021
                                                                                            HK$’000        HK$’000


              Derivative financial instruments:
              At 1 January                                                                   17,579         14,827
              Total loss/(gain) recognised in profit or loss                                (17,579)         2,655
              Exchange realignment                                                                 –            97


                                                                                                   –        17,579
                                                          TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   289

                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                               31 December 2022




46. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Fair value hierarchy (continued)
   Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:
   As at 31 December 2022


                                                                     Fair value measurement using
                                                     Quoted prices     Significant    Significant
                                                         in active     observable unobservable
                                                         markets            inputs        inputs
                                                         (Level 1)       (Level 2)     (Level 3)         Total
                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


    Interest-bearing bank borrowings                            –      5,394,702               –    5,394,702
    Financial liability associated with put option              –                –      160,667      160,667
    Other long-term payables                                    –          16,731              –      16,731


                                                                –      5,411,433        160,667     5,572,100


   As at 31 December 2021


                                                                     Fair value measurement using
                                                     Quoted prices      Significant   Significant
                                                         in active     observable unobservable
                                                          markets           inputs        inputs
                                                         (Level 1)       (Level 2)      (Level 3)        Total
                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


    Interest-bearing bank borrowings                            –      6,830,798               –    6,830,798
    Financial liability associated with put option              –                –      121,370      121,370
    Other long-term payables                                    –          48,715              –      48,715


                                                                –      6,879,513        121,370     7,000,883
290   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
            The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives, comprise bank loans, other interest-
            bearing borrowings, and cash and short-term deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments
            is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and
            liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.


            The Group also enters into derivative transactions including principally forward currency contracts. The
            purpose is to manage the currency risks arising from the Group’s operations and its sources of finance.
            It is, and has been throughout the year under review, the Group’s policy that no trading in financial
            instruments shall be undertaken.


            The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency
            risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Board reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these
            risks and they are summarised below. The Group’s accounting policies in relation to derivatives are set
            out in note 2.4 to the financial statements.


            Interest rate risk
            The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s
            debt obligations with floating interest rates.


            In general, the Group’s treasury department (the "Group Treasury”) implements all external financings
            to meet the borrowing needs of all subsidiaries. In some cases, subsidiaries may borrow directly from
            local banks upon approval from the Group Treasury in advance. At the subsidiary level, financing is
            generally done on a short-term floating rate basis. Long term financing is normally done at group level.


            The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rate, with
            all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (through the impact on floating rate
            borrowings). There is no material impact on other components of the Group’s equity.
                                                      TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     291

                                                                    Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
   Interest rate risk (continued)
                                                                                                  Increase/
                                                                               Increase/         (decrease)
                                                                            (decrease) in           in profit
                                                                             basis points         before tax
                                                                                                   HK$’000


    2022


    USD                                                                               (25)            2,576


    USD                                                                                25            (2,576)


    2021


    USD                                                                               (25)            2,392


    USD                                                                                25            (2,392)


   Foreign currency risk
   The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from sales or purchases by
   operating units in currencies other than the units’ functional currencies. In addition, certain bank
   loans were denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the entities to which they
   relate. The Group takes rolling forecasts on the foreign currency revenue and expenses and matches
   the currency and the amount incurred so as to alleviate the impact on business due to exchange
   rate fluctuations. The Group uses foreign currency forward contracts to reduce the foreign currency
   exposures.


   It is the Group’s policy to negotiate the terms of the hedging instruments to match the terms of the
   hedged items to maximise hedge effectiveness.


   The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably
   possible change in the exchange rates of currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant
   operating units, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (due to changes
   in the fair values of monetary assets and liabilities). There is no material impact on other components
   of the Group’s equity.
292   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
          (CONTINUED)
            Foreign currency risk (continued)
                                                                 Increase/     Increase/
                                                                (decrease)    (decrease)
                                                              in exchange        in profit
                                                                      rates    before tax
                                                                          %     HK$’000

              2022
              If the HK$ weakens against the USD                         5     (265,154)
              If the HK$ weakens against the EUR                         5       (4,881)
              If the HK$ weakens against the RMB                         5      (56,868)
              If the HK$ weakens against the MXN                         5          327
              If the RMB weakens against the USD                         5        6,317
              If the RMB weakens against the HKD                         5        1,539
              If the RMB weakens against the EUR                         5         (228)
              If the RMB weakens against the PLN                         5        7,730
              If the EUR weakens against the USD                         5            3
              If the EUR weakens against the HKD                         5         (711)
              If the USD weakens against the RMB                         5           25
              If the THB weakens against the USD                         5          (10)
              If the MXN weakens against the EUR                         5           (4)

              If the HK$ strengthens against the USD                    (5)     265,154
              If the HK$ strengthens against the EUR                    (5)       4,881
              If the HK$ strengthens against the RMB                    (5)      56,868
              If the HK$ strengthens against the MXN                    (5)        (327)
              If the RMB strengthens against the USD                    (5)      (6,317)
              If the RMB strengthens against the HKD                    (5)      (1,539)
              If the RMB strengthens against the EUR                    (5)         228
              If the RMB strengthens against the PLN                    (5)      (7,730)
              If the EUR strengthens against the USD                    (5)          (3)
              If the EUR strengthens against the HKD                    (5)         711
              If the USD strengthens against the RMB                    (5)         (25)
              If the THB strengthens against the USD                    (5)          10
              If the MXN strengthens against the EUR                    (5)           4

              2021
              If the HK$ weakens against the USD                         5     (388,613)
              If the HK$ weakens against the EUR                         5          286
              If the HK$ weakens against the RMB                         5      (48,545)
              If the HK$ weakens against the MXN                         5       (1,285)
              If the RMB weakens against the USD                         5      (65,126)
              If the RMB weakens against the HKD                         5           (3)
              If the RMB weakens against the EUR                         5          (13)
              If the MXN weakens against the USD                         5       (2,261)
              If the EUR weakens against the USD                         5        5,093
              If the EUR weakens against the PLN                         5       55,896
              If the USD weakens against the PLN                         5       (4,473)

              If the HK$ strengthens against the USD                    (5)     388,613
              If the HK$ strengthens against the EUR                    (5)        (286)
              If the HK$ strengthens against the RMB                    (5)      48,545
              If the HK$ strengthens against the MXN                    (5)       1,285
              If the RMB strengthens against the USD                    (5)      65,126
              If the RMB strengthens against the HKD                    (5)           3
              If the RMB strengthens against the EUR                    (5)          13
              If the MXN strengthens against the USD                    (5)       2,261
              If the EUR strengthens against the USD                    (5)      (5,093)
              If the EUR strengthens against the PLN                    (5)     (55,896)
              If the USD strengthens against the PLN                    (5)       4,473
                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    293

                                                                          Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                 31 December 2022




47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
   Credit risk
   The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties and related parties. There is no
   requirement for collateral. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms
   are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an
   ongoing basis.


   Maximum exposure and year-end staging
   The tables below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
   Group’s credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is
   available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December.


   The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets.


   As at 31 December 2022


                                            12-month
                                              ECLs                       Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                          Simplified
                                              Stage 1          Stage 2       Stage 3       approach         Total
                                             HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


    Trade receivables measured at
      amortised cost*                                  –             –              –    10,836,711    10,836,711
    Financial assets included in
      prepayments, other receivables
      and other assets**
      –Normal                               3,645,037                –              –             –     3,645,037
      –Doubtful                                        –             –     2,773,074              –     2,773,074
    Cash and cash equivalents
      –Not yet past due                     9,390,941                –              –             –     9,390,941
    Restricted cash and pledged deposits
      –Not yet past due                      119,555                 –              –             –      119,555


                                           13,155,533                –     2,773,074     10,836,711    26,765,318
294   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
          (CONTINUED)
            Credit risk (continued)
            Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)
            As at 31 December 2021


                                                            12-month
                                                               ECLs                       Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                             Simplified
                                                               Stage 1         Stage 2         Stage 3       approach             Total
                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


                Trade receivables measured at
                  amortised cost*                                      –              –               –   10,921,297      10,921,297
                Financial assets included in
                  prepayments, other receivables
                  and other assets**
                  –Normal                                   2,466,537                 –               –               –    2,466,537
                  –Doubtful                                            –              –     2,052,558                 –    2,052,558
                Cash and cash equivalents
                  –Not yet past due                        11,509,166                 –               –               –   11,509,166
                Restricted cash and pledged deposits
                  –Not yet past due                           576,758                 –               –               –       576,758


                                                           14,552,461                 –     2,052,558     10,921,297      27,526,316


            *         For trade receivables and financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets to
                      which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is
                      disclosed in notes 23 and 25 to the financial statements, respectively.


            **        The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets
                      is considered to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the
                      financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality
                      of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.


            Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables
            are disclosed in note 23 to the financial statements.
                                                                 TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    295

                                                                                  Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                      31 December 2022




47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
   Liquidity risk
   The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool
   considers the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g. trade receivables)
   and projected cash flows from operations.


   The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the
   use of bank loans, lease liabilities and other interest-bearing borrowings.


   The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on
   the contractual undiscounted payments, was as follows:


                                                                                     2022

                                                                     More than      More than
                                                           Within    1 year but    2 years but
                                                         1 year or    less than      less than   More than
                                                       on demand        2 years       5 years      5 years        Total
                                                         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings          4,471,675      262,930       787,862       41,577     5,564,044
    Lease liabilities                                    160,837        97,324       119,303       69,009      446,473
    Trade payables                                     14,086,945            –              –            –   14,086,945
    Bills payable                                       4,859,890            –              –            –    4,859,890
    Derivative financial instruments                     134,214             –              –            –     134,214
    Financial liability associated with put option       162,423             –              –            –     162,423
    Financial liabilities included in other payables    8,116,868            –              –            –    8,116,868


                                                       31,992,852      360,254       907,165      110,586    33,370,857
296   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
          (CONTINUED)
            Liquidity risk (continued)
                                                                                              2021

                                                                               More than     More than
                                                                      Within   1 year but   2 years but
                                                                    1 yearor   less than      less than   More than
                                                                 on demand       2 years       5 years      5 years         Total
                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


              Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings          8,226,208     125,130       294,990      142,766     8,789,094
              Lease liabilities                                    159,219      127,565       176,562       75,202      538,548
              Trade payables                                     15,826,244            –             –            –   15,826,244
              Bills payable                                       3,599,248            –             –            –    3,599,248
              Derivative financial instruments                      34,782       17,579              –            –      52,361
              Financial liability associated with put option       122,919             –             –            –     122,919
              Financial liabilities included in other payables    8,523,656            –             –            –    8,523,656


                                                                 36,492,276     270,274       471,552      217,968    37,452,070


            Capital management
            The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
            continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and
            maximise shareholders’ value.


            The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
            conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment
            to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the
            objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2022 and
            2021.
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    297

                                                                     Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                             31 December 2022




47. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
   Capital management (continued)
   The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by the total capital. The
   Group’s policy is to maintain the gearing ratio not exceeding 100%. Net debt is calculated as a total
   of lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, less cash and cash equivalents and
   restricted cash and pledged deposits. Total capital refers to equity attributable to owners of the parent.
   The gearing ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were as follows:


                                                                                     2022             2021
                                                                  Notes           HK$’000          HK$’000


    Lease liabilities                                               16            409,741          460,504
    Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                      32           5,463,083       6,880,117
    Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                 27          (9,390,941)    (11,509,166)
          Restricted cash and pledged deposits                      27            (119,555)        (576,758)


    Net asset                                                                   (3,637,672)      (4,745,303)


    Equity attributable to owners of the parent                                 16,460,228      17,957,863


    Gearing ratio                                                                     N/A               N/A
298   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Notes to Financial Statements

      31 December 2022




      48. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
            Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period
            is as follows:


                                                                                           2022            2021
                                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000

              NON-CURRENT ASSETS
              Investments in subsidiaries                                             5,520,119        5,372,408
              Right-of-use assets                                                        10,302                –

                                                                                      5,530,421        5,372,408

              CURRENT ASSETS
              Due from related parties                                                4,321,955        4,846,734
              Other receivables                                                          60,780           38,235
              Cash and cash equivalents                                                     315              361

              Total current assets                                                    4,383,050        4,885,330

              CURRENT LIABILITIES
              Due to related parties                                                    359,502          304,545
              Other payables and accruals                                                17,178            7,802
              Lease liabilities                                                           3,606                –

              Total current liabilities                                                 380,286          312,347

              NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                      4,002,764        4,572,983

              TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                   9,533,185        9,945,391

              NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
              Lease liabilities                                                            6,651                –

              Total non-current liabilities                                                6,651                –

              Net assets                                                              9,526,534        9,945,391

              EQUITY
              Issued capital                                                          2,499,780        2,479,959
              Reserves                                                                7,026,754        7,465,432

              Total equity                                                            9,526,534        9,945,391




            DU Juan                                            HU Dien Chien
            Director                                           Director
                                                                           TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022                299

                                                                                            Notes to Financial Statements

                                                                                                                       31 December 2022




48. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
    (CONTINUED)
   A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                            Shares held
                                                            Share       Share                   for the   Awarded
                                                         premium       option    Capital         Award       share     Retained
                                                          account     reserve    reserve#      Scheme      reserve*    earnings        Total
                                                         HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000
                                                         (note 35)


       At 1 January 2021                                5,062,656    167,182    738,936       (192,941)   133,686     1,854,096    7,763,615
       Total comprehensive loss for the year                    –          –          –              –          –      (145,368)    (145,368)
       Equity-settled share option arrangements                 –      1,912          –              –          –             –        1,912
       Issue of shares upon exercise of share options     121,010    (43,020)         –              –          –             –       77,990
       Employee share-based compensation benefits
         under the Award Scheme (note 36)                       –           –          –              –   132,163             –     132,163
       Purchase of shares for the Award Scheme
         (note 36)                                              –           –          –       (82,966)          –            –      (82,966)
       Vesting of shares under the Award Scheme                 –           –          –        28,942     (33,622)           –       (4,680)
       Profit distribution to owners                     (277,234)          –          –             –           –            –     (277,234)

       At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022           4,906,432    126,074    738,936       (246,965)   232,227     1,708,728    7,465,432

       Total comprehensive loss for the year                   –           –           –             –           –      (62,825)     (62,825)
       Equity-settled share option arrangements                –          91           –             –           –            –           91
       Issue of shares upon exercise of share options     19,340      (6,489)          –             –           –            –       12,851
       Issue of shares under the Award Scheme                  –           –           –       (15,498)          –            –      (15,498)
       Employee share-based compensation benefits
         under the Award Scheme (note 36)                       –           –          –              –   147,629             –     147,629
       Purchase of shares for the Award Scheme
         (note 36)                                              –           –          –       (53,666)          –            –      (53,666)
       Vesting of shares under the Award Scheme                 –           –          –        79,035    (142,477)           –      (63,442)
       Profit distribution to owners                     (403,818)          –          –             –           –            –     (403,818)

       At 31 December 2022                              4,521,954    119,676    738,936       (237,094)   237,379     1,645,903    7,026,754


   ∆
              The share option reserve comprises the fair value of share options granted which are yet to be exercised, as
              further explained in the accounting policy for share-based payments in note 2.4 to the financial statements.
              The amount will either be transferred to the share premium account when the related options are exercised,
              or be transferred to retained profits should the related options expire after the vesting period.

   #
              The capital reserve arose as a result of the Group reorganisation in 1999 and represents the excess of the
              fair value of the shares of the subsidiaries acquired over the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued
              in exchange therefor.

   *          The awarded share reserve represents the excess of the fair value of the Awarded Shares over the total cost
              (including related transaction costs) of the Awarded Shares awarded and vested to the Selected Persons at
              the date of award.


49. COMPARATIVE AMOUNTS
   Certain comparative amounts have been restated to conform with current year’s presentation and disclosure.


50. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board on 10 March 2023.
300   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Five Year Financial Summary




      A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the
      last five financial years, as extracted from the published audited financial statements and reclassified/re-
      presented as appropriate, is set out below.


                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                     2022           2021           2020         2019             2018
                                                  HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000


       RESULTS

       CONTINUING OPERATIONS
       REVENUE                                 71,351,415     74,846,888     50,952,927     36,335,232     35,406,919


       PROFIT BEFORE TAX FROM
         CONTINUING OPERATIONS                    835,528      1,447,766      2,079,338      1,999,484        892,178

       Income tax                                (281,604)       (168,476)      (185,935)      (128,237)      (178,444)

       PROFIT FOR THE YEAR FROM
         CONTINUING OPERATIONS                    553,924      1,279,290      1,893,403      1,871,247        713,734


       DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
       Profit for the year from discontinued
         operations                                      –              –     1,752,216        457,836        317,700

       PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                        553,924      1,279,290      3,645,619      2,329,083      1,031,434


       Attributable to:
         Owners of the parent                     447,007      1,183,999      3,599,442      2,283,416      1,040,819
         Non-controlling interests                106,917         95,291         46,177         45,667         (9,385)

                                                  553,924      1,279,290      3,645,619      2,329,083      1,031,434



      ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                     2022           2021          2020            2019           2018
                                                  HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


       TOTAL ASSETS                             55,105,447     59,534,337     52,336,259     33,332,087     28,302,910
       TOTAL LIABILITIES                       (38,227,791)   (41,161,673)   (35,601,382)   (21,391,189)   (18,426,974)
       NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS                  (417,428)      (414,801)      (570,687)      (356,776)          (244)

                                               16,460,228     17,957,863     16,164,190     11,584,122      9,875,692
                                                              TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   301

                                                                                                        Glossary




In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the following
meanings:


“2007 Scheme”                      the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 15 February 2007;


“2016 Scheme”                      the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 18 May 2016;


“2017 Amendments”                  the amendments of the Award Scheme on 24 November 2017, which has
                                   the meaning ascribed to it under the section “Award Scheme” of the “Report
                                   of the Directors” in this annual report;


“2018 Amendments”                  the amendments of the Award Scheme on 4 May 2018, which has the
                                   meaning ascribed to it under the section “Award Scheme” of the “Report of
                                   the Directors” in this annual report;


“2022 AGM”                         the AGM held on 17 June 2022;


“ACCA”                             Association of Chartered Certified Accountants;


“adjusted profit attributable to   adjusted profit attributable to owners of the parent according to non-HKFRS
  owners of the parent”            measure, details of which are set out on page 31 of this annual report;


“AGM”                              the annual general meeting of the Company;


“AI”                               artificial intelligence;


“Amlogic”                          Amlogic (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* (晶晨半導體(上海)股份有限公司), a joint stock
                                   limited company established in the PRC, the shares of which are listed on
                                   the sci-tech innovation board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:
                                   688099.SH);


“AR”                               augmented reality;


“ARPU”                             the average revenue per user;


“Articles”                         the articles of association of the Company as amended from time to time;


“associate(s)”                     has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules;


“Audit Committee”                  the audit committee of the Company;
302   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Glossary




      “Award Scheme”                   the restricted share award scheme adopted by the Company on 6 February
                                       2008 (as amended or revised from time to time);


      “Board”                          the board of Directors;


      “Board Committee(s)”             the committee(s) under the Board, including the Audit Committee,
                                       Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee and Strategy Committee;


      “Board Diversity Policy”         the board diversity policy of the Company adopted on 13 August 2013;


      “Cayman Law”                     the laws of the Cayman Islands;


      “CEO”                            the chief executive officer;


      “CES”                            Consumer Electronics Show;


      “CFO”                            the chief financial officer;


      “CG Code”                        the corporate governance code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing
                                       Rules;


      “CMM”                            China Market Monitor Co., Ltd., a Chinese institution that focuses on retail
                                       market research of consumer goods and home appliance in the PRC;


      “Code Provision(s)”              the code provision(s) of the CG Code;


      “Company” or “TCL Electronics” TCL Electronics Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman
                                       Islands with limited liability, the shares of which are listed on the main
                                       board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 01070.HK);


      “connected person(s)”            has the meanings ascribed to it under the Listing Rules;


      “COO”                            the chief operating officer;


      “Covid-19”                       Coronavirus disease 2019;


      “CPE”                            customer premise equipment, which converts broadband signals or mobile
                                       network data into WiFi signal directly;
                                                        TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   303

                                                                                                   Glossary




“CSOT”                         TCL China Star Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd.* (TCL華星光電技術有限
                               公司), formerly known as Shenzhen China Star Optoelectronics Technology
                               Co., Ltd.* (深圳市華星光電技術有限公司), a company                    stablished under the
                               laws of the PRC with limited liability, a subsidiary of TCL Technology;


“CTO”                          the chief technology officer;


“December EGM”                 the EGM held on 15 December 2022;


“Deed of Non-Competition       the deed executed by TCL Holdings, T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) and the Company
  (2020)”                      on 29 June 2020 in favour of the Company whereby each of TCL Holdings
                               and T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) has undertaken not to (save for the exception
                               as defined on page 39 of the announcement of the Company dated 29 June
                               2020), directly or indirectly, carry on or be engaged or interested in the
                               manufacture and assembly of TCL brand TV sets and smart phones;


“Deed of Termination (2020)”   the deed executed by TCL Technology, T.C.L. Industries (H.K.) and the
                               Company on 29 June 2020 pursuant to which the parties agreed to terminate
                               the Deed of Non-Competition (1999) as amended from time to time and TCL
                               Technology has undertaken not to (save for the Exception as defined on
                               page 39 of the announcement of the Company dated 29 June 2020), directly
                               or indirectly, carry on or be engaged or interested in the manufacture and
                               assembly of TV sets bearing TCL brand;


“Director(s)”                  the director(s) of the Company;


“Dividend Policy”              the dividend policy of the Company which was confirmed and consolidated
                               on 20 December 2018 and took effect from 1 January 2019;


“EGM”                          the extraordinary general meeting of the Company;


“EISA”                         European Imaging and Sound Association;


“ESG”                          environmental, social and governance;


“Falcon Network Technology”    Shenzhen Falcon Network Technology Co., Ltd.* (formerly literally translated
                               and known as Shenzhen Thunderbird Network Technology Company Limited)
                               (深圳市雷鳥網絡科技有限公司), a limited liability company established and
                               subsisting under the laws of the PRC, a subsidiary of the Company;


“Falcon Network Technology     Falcon Network Technology and its subsidiaries;
  Group”
304   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Glossary




      “Finance Company (HK)”           TCL Finance (Hong Kong) Co., Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong
                                       with limited liability and a direct subsidiary of T.C.L. Industries (H.K.);


      “GfK”                            Gesellschaft für Konsumforschung, headquartered in Nuremberg, Germany, a
                                       global consumer product market research company;


      “Group”                          the Company and its subsidiaries;


      “Guangdong Homa”                 Guangdong Homa Group Co., Ltd.* (廣東奧馬電器股份有限公司), a joint
                                       stock limited company established under the laws of the PRC, the shares of
                                       which are listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002668.SZ), a
                                       subsidiary of TCL Holdings;


      “HK$”                            Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong;


      “HKAS”                           Hong Kong Accounting Standards;


      “HKFRS”                          Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards;


      “HKICPA”                         Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants;


      “Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC;


      “Hong Kong Companies             the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong);
        Ordinance”


      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”       The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;


      “IDC”                            International Data Corporation, a global provider of market intelligence and
                                       advisory services for the information technology, telecommunications, and
                                       consumer technology markets;


      “IoT”                            internet of things;


      “iResearch”                      a third-party provider of data product services and research consultancy
                                       services in China;


      “LCD”                            liquid crystal display;


      “LED”                            light emitting diodes;
                                                  TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     305

                                                                                              Glossary




“Listing Rules”          the rules governing the listing of securities on the Hong Kong Stock
                         Exchange;


“Memorandum”             the memorandum of association of the Company as amended from time to
                         time;


“MiFi”                   Mobile WiFi, a portable broadband wireless device;


“Model Code”             the model code for securities transactions by directors of listed issuers as
                         set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules;


“Nomination Committee”   the nomination committee of the Company;


“Nomination Policy”      the nomination policy of the Company, which was adopted on 20 December
                         2018 and took effect from 1 January 2019;


“NPD”                    the NPD Group, Inc., a market research company that offers data, industry
                         expertise, and prescriptive analytics globally;


“Omdia”                  a global technology research company formed by unifying research brands
                         (Ovum, Heave Reading and Tractica) and IHS Markit International;


“OPCO”                   Ningbo Falcon Digital Entertainment Co., Ltd.* (寧波雷鳥數字娛樂有限公
                         司), formerly known as Hawk Digital Entertainment Technology (Shenzhen)
                         Co. Limited* (豪客數字娛樂科技(深圳)有限公司) and Shenzhen Falcon Digital
                         Entertainment Co., Ltd.* (深圳市雷鳥數字娛樂科技有限公司), a limited
                         company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of the
                         Company;


“OTT”                    over the top, i.e. a media service offered directly to viewers via the internet;


“PRC”                    the People’s Republic of China excluding Hong Kong, Macau Special
                         Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan for the purposes of this annual
                         report;


“PRC Equity Owners”      Mr. WANG Hao and Ms. ZHU Xiaojiang, the details of which are set out on
                         page 116 of this annual report;


“QD”                     Quantum Dot;


“QLED”                   Quantum Dot Light Emitting Diodes;


“R&D”                    research and development;
306   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Glossary




      “Remuneration Committee”         the remuneration committee of the Company;


      “RMB”                            Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC;


      “SEMP Mobilidade”                SEMP TCL Mobilidade Ltda., formerly known as TCT Mobile - Telefones Ltda.
                                       (a former subsidiary of TCL Communication, disposed of to SEMP TCL in
                                       March 2018);


      “SEMP TCL”                       SEMP TCL Indústria e Comércio de Eletroeletrônicos S.A., a company
                                       incorporated under the laws of Brazil with limited liability, which became a
                                       subsidiary of the Company since July 2020;


      “SFO”                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong);


      “Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) of HK$1.00 each in the share capital of the Company;


      “Shareholder(s)”                 holder(s) of Share(s);


      “Share Option Scheme(s)”         the share option scheme(s) of the Company adopted by the Company from
                                       time to time;


      “smart screen”                   mainly refers to smart TV related products. By shipment over 95% of the
                                       Group’s TV products are smart screen products;


      “specific mandate”               the specific mandate, Shareholders’ approval of which is to be obtained at
                                       a general meeting of the Company, for the issuance and allotment of new
                                       Shares pursuant to the Award Scheme (subject to adjustment in case of any
                                       Share consolidation or subdivision after such mandate has been approved,
                                       provided that the maximum number of new Shares that may be allotted and
                                       issued as a percentage of the total number of issued Shares at the date
                                       immediately before and after such consolidation or subdivision shall be the
                                       same);


      “Strategy Committee”             the strategy committee of the Company established on 22 September 2017;


      “Strategy Executive Committee” the strategy executive committee of the Company established on 23 October
                                       2014 and dissolved on 22 September 2017;


      “subsidiary(ies)”                any entity within the meaning of the term “subsidiary” as defined in the
                                       Listing Rules and the term “subsidiaries” shall be construed accordingly;
                                                       TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    307

                                                                                                  Glossary




“TCL Communication”            TCL Communication Technology Holdings Limited, a company incorporated
                               in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, whose shares were listed on the
                               Hong Kong Stock Exchange from September 2004 to September 2016 (then
                               stock code: 02618.HK), which became a subsidiary of the Company on 1
                               September 2020;


“TCL Communication Group”      TCL Communication and its subsidiaries;


“TCL Digital Technology        TCL Digital Technology (Shenzhen) Company Limited*(TCL數碼科技(深圳)有
  (Shenzhen)”                  限責任公司), a company established in the PRC with limited liability, which
                               became a subsidiary of the Company since June 2022;


“TCL Electronics (Huizhou)”    TCL Electronics (Huizhou) Co., Limited* (TCL電子(惠州)有限公司), a company
                               established in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of the Company;


“TCL Finance”                  TCL Technology Finance Co., Ltd.* (TCL科技集團財務有限公司, formerly
                               known as TCL Finance Co., Ltd.* (TCL集團財務有限公司)), a company
                               established in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of TCL
                               Technology;


“TCL Finance Lease (Zhuhai)”   TCL Finance Lease (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd.* (TCL融資租賃(珠海)有限公司), a
                               limited company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of
                               TCL Holdings;


“TCL Holdings”                 TCL Industries Holdings Co., Ltd.* (TCL實業控股股份有限公司), formerly
                               known as TCL Industries Holdings (Guangdong) Inc.* (TCL實業控股(廣東)股份
                               有限公司), a joint stock limited company established under the laws of the
                               PRC, the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company;


“TCL Holdings Group”           TCL Holdings and its subsidiaries;


“T.C.L. Industries (H.K.)”     T.C.L. Industries Holdings (H.K.) Limited, a company incorporated in Hong
                               Kong with limited liability, the immediate controlling shareholder of the
                               Company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of TCL Holdings;


“TCL King (Huizhou)”           TCL King Electrical Appliances (Huizhou) Company Limited* (TCL王牌電器(惠
                               州)有限公司), a company established in the PRC with limited liability and a
                               subsidiary of the Company;
308   TCL ELECTRONICS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022



      Glossary




      “TCL Technology”                 TCL Technology Group Corporation (TCL科技集團股份有限公司), formerly
                                       known as TCL Corporation (TCL集團股份有限公司), a joint stock limited
                                       company established under the laws of the PRC, the shares of which are
                                       listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000100.SZ);


      “TCL Technology Group”           TCL Technology and its subsidiaries;


      “Tencent Computer”               Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited* (深圳市騰訊計算
                                       機系統有限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC and a
                                       wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent Holdings Limited (an exempted company
                                       incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, the shares of which
                                       are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 00700.HK));


      “Trustee”                        BOCI Prudential Trustee Limited, the trustee appointed by the Board for the
                                       administration of the Award Scheme;


      “TSR”                            refers to Techno Systems Research, a market research company for
                                       electronic devices and related technologies founded in Tokyo, Japan;


      “TV(s)”                          television(s);


      “USA” or “U.S.”                  United States of America;


      “VIE Agreements”                 collectively the exclusive business cooperation agreement, the exclusive
                                       purchase right agreement, the equity pledge agreement, the authorisation
                                       letters, the confirmation letters and the spousal consent letters entered into
                                       between Falcon Network Technology, OPCO and/or the PRC Equity Owners
                                       and/or their spouses on 23 July 2019 (as amended or revised from time to
                                       time);


      “VIE Announcement”               the announcement of the Company dated 23 July 2019;


      “XR”                             extended reality; and


      “%”                              percent.

      The English translation of Chinese names or words in this annual report, where indicated by “*”, is included
      for information purpose only, and should not be regarded as the official English translation of such Chinese
      names or words.
