2026
INTERIM
REPORT

KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED
力量發展集團有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock Code: 1277
                        Contents
Corporate Information                             02

Chairman’s Statement                              03

Management Discussion and Analysis                05

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and      18
  Other Comprehensive Income

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position      20

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity       22

Condensed Consolidated Statement of               24
  Cash Flows

Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report   25

Other Information                                 58
     Corporate Information



     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                              REGISTERED OFFICE

     Executive Directors                                             Cricket Square
                                                                     Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681
     Mr. Ju Wenzhong (Chairman)                                      Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands
     Mr. Li Bo (Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Ji Kunpeng                                                  HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
                                                                     OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
     Non-executive Director
                                                                     Dafanpu Coal Mine
                                                                     Majiata Village, Xuejiawan Town
     Ms. Zhang Lin
                                                                     Zhunge’er Banner, Ordos City
                                                                     Inner Mongolia, China
     Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                                     PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
     Ms. Liu Peilian                                                 IN HONG KONG
     Mr. Chen Liangnuan
     Ms. Xue Hui                                                     18th Floor
                                                                     80 Gloucester Road
     AUDIT COMMITTEE                                                 Wan Chai
                                                                     Hong Kong
     Ms. Liu Peilian (Chairlady)
     Mr. Chen Liangnuan                                              AUDITOR
     Ms. Zhang Lin
                                                                     KPMG
     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                          Certified Public Accountants
                                                                     Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
     Ms. Xue Hui (Chairlady)                                           the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
     Ms. Liu Peilian                                                 8th Floor
     Ms. Zhang Lin                                                   Prince’s Building
                                                                     10 Chater Road
     NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                            Central, Hong Kong


     Mr. Ju Wenzhong (Chairman)                                      HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
     Mr. Chen Liangnuan
                                                                     Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
     Ms. Xue Hui
                                                                     Shops 1712–16, 17th Floor
                                                                     Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East
     AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                                      Wanchai, Hong Kong

     Mr. Ju Wenzhong                                                 PRINCIPAL BANKER
     Mr. Chong Yuk Fai
                                                                     China Construction Bank Corporation
     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
                                                                     STOCK CODE
     Ms. Wang Lanlan
     Mr. Chong Yuk Fai                                               1277

                                                                     WEBSITE OF THE COMPANY
                                                                     www.kineticme.com



02         KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED   Interim Report 2026
                                                                              Chairman’s Statement



On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”) of Kinetic Development Group Limited (the “Company”), I am pleased to
present the results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

In the first half of 2026, geopolitical tensions continued to escalate, trade frictions caused repeated disruptions, and the
momentum of the global economic recovery remained relatively weak. Against this backdrop, the Chinese government has
implemented a targeted and robust package of macroeconomic policies, while the national economy has demonstrated
remarkable resilience in the face of pressure, maintaining a positive trend of steady progress and structural optimisation.
According to data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the gross domestic product (“GDP”) of the People’s
Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”) for the first half of 2026 was approximately RMB 69.6 trillion, representing a year-
on-year increase of 4.7% at constant prices.

In the first half of 2026, the domestic coal market maintained a tight balance, with coal prices rising significantly compared
with the same period the previous year. On the supply side, raw coal production was curbed by stricter safety regulations
and the ongoing impact of the mining accident in Shanxi; as a result, cumulative output for the first half of the year fell year-
on-year. On the demand side, there is a divergence pattern, with overall coal consumption growing moderately. In particular,
coal demand in the power industry continued to grow, driving active thermal coal demand; while coal demand in non-power
industries such as steel and building materials was relatively flat.

As a leading integrated coal enterprise in China, the Group is deeply involved in the entire coal industry chain, with business
covering core links such as production, washing, loading, and sales. In the first half of 2026, the Group adhered to its
philosophy of prioritising quality, accurately gauged market trends, adjusted its sales strategies in line with prevailing market
conditions, and made every effort to maximise sales revenue. During the reporting period, the Group’s revenue reached
approximately RMB2,520.6 million, representing a slight year-on-year increase of 0.4%; of which revenue from the coal
business amounted to approximately RMB2,227.1 million, accounting for 88.4% of the Group’s total revenue.

In the first half of 2026, the Group continued to uphold its business philosophy of safety, efficiency and green operations,
whilst continuously improving the operational standards at the Dafanpu Coal Mine in Inner Mongolia. In terms of safety, the
foundations of safety management have been continuously strengthened through the Safety Committee’s regular meetings,
a systematic training programme and routine hazard inspections; in terms of production, driven by technological innovation,
mining and coal washing processes have been optimised, leading to a steady increase in production efficiency; in terms of
operations, refined management controls have been implemented and cost constraints tightened, resulting in an effective
reduction in operating expenses. Driven by both the aforementioned cost-cutting and efficiency-enhancing measures and
the recovery in coal market prices, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB1,324.6 million for the first half of
the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.6%, with a gross profit margin of approximately 52.6%; and a net profit
of approximately RMB756.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.6%, with a net profit margin of approximately
30.0%. All profitability indicators significantly outperformed the industry average.

In terms of coal mining business in Ningxia, the Yong’an Coal Mine and the Weiyi Coal Mine are expected to officially start
production in the first and second half of 2027, respectively. With the two mines commencing operation, the Group’s coal
production capacity will be effectively expanded, becoming a new focal point of growth.




                                                                  KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026             03
     Chairman’s Statement




     In terms of overseas mineral resource expansion, the Group completed the subscription for 51% of new shares in MC
     Mining Limited (“MC Mining”) in April 2026, holding four mineral resources. In particular, the flagship coal mine project in
     Makhado, South Africa, commenced production in August 2026 and is currently a key project for the Group. The Group has
     also entered into a collaboration with Minenet Company Limited (“Minenet”) to develop a rutile mine project in Sierra Leone,
     which is expected to commence operation by October 2026, with a diversified layout steadily implemented. The value of
     these overseas projects continues to be realized, and is anticipated to inject new momentum into the Group’s performance
     growth.

     The Group adheres to the direction of green mine construction, integrating environmental protection responsibilities into
     all aspects of mining operations. The Dafanpu Coal Mine in Inner Mongolia has performed outstandingly in ecological
     restoration, energy conservation and emission reduction, and comprehensive resource utilization, continuously holding the
     national-level green mine title and setting a benchmark for sustainable development in the mining area.

     In addition to its principal coal business, the Group has also strategically diversified into ancillary businesses including
     agriculture and animal husbandry, real estate, property management services and cigar and tobacco, which further
     enhanced the Group’s performance.

     Looking ahead to the second half of 2026, uncertainties in the external environment remain considerable. However,
     supported by continued macroeconomic policies, the domestic economy is expected to maintain stable growth. Regarding
     the coal market, on the supply side, domestic coal production growth is expected to remain constrained due to continued
     strengthening of safety regulations. On the import side, limited arbitrage opportunities arising from international coal price
     differences and policy constraints are expected to restrict incremental supply, with total supply maintaining moderate growth.
     On the demand side, structural differentiation is expected to continue. Peak summer electricity demand and winter inventory
     replenishment demand will be released successively, supporting strong coal demand from the power industry. However,
     coal demand from non-power industries such as steel and building materials is expected to remain relatively weak. Overall,
     the coal market is expected to maintain a tight supply-demand balance in the second half of the year, with the coal price
     benchmark potentially rising further. In the short term, stricter safety regulations and the gradual exit of small and medium-
     sized coal mines are expected to further enhance the competitive advantages of leading coal enterprises. In the medium to
     long term, thermal power will continue to play a fundamental supporting role in ensuring power supply. As a coal enterprise
     with quality resource endowments and stable operational capabilities, the Group possesses a solid foundation and promising
     prospects for future development.

     In the future, the Group will adhere to a development strategy that balances prudent operation with proactive progress,
     fully leverage the core advantages of high-quality products, keenly seize opportunities arising from premium projects,
     and continuously expand growth potential. The Group will fulfill its value commitments to shareholders and fulfill its social
     responsibilities through sustainable profit growth and solid operational resilience.

     Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders,
     business partners, management members and employees for their continued dedication and unwavering support.

     Ju Wenzhong
     Chairman and Executive Director

     24 August 2026




04        KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED      Interim Report 2026
                                                                            Management Discussion
                                                                                     and Analysis


OVERVIEW

Market Review

In the first half of 2026, international geopolitical conflicts continued to escalate, the international situation was complex
and ever-changing, trade protectionism prevailed, and the momentum of global economic growth weakened. Faced with a
complex situation of shrinking external demand and rising uncertainty, the Chinese government implemented more proactive
macroeconomic policies in a precise and effective manner. The national economy withstood pressures and maintained
an overall stable development trajectory with continuous improvements in quality and structure, demonstrating strong
resilience and vitality. According to the data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China, China’s GDP for the first half
of 2026 reached approximately RMB69.6 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.7%; the industrial enterprises
above the designated size across the country achieved a revenue of approximately RMB69.3 trillion, representing a year-on-
year increase of 6.5%; and the industrial enterprises above the designated size across the country achieved a total profit of
approximately RMB3,947.99 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.7%.

In the first half of 2026, the domestic coal market was generally characterised by relatively tight supply and stable demand.
On the supply side, due to increasingly stringent safe production regulations and the relatively slow resumption of coal mine
operations following the mining accident in Shanxi Province, domestic raw coal production contracted. According to data
from the National Bureau of Statistics of China, in the first half of 2026, total raw coal output of China’s industrial enterprises
above the designated size amounted to approximately 2.37 billion tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.7%.
Meanwhile, coal imports turned from a year-on-year decline to growth, although the increase was insufficient to offset the
contraction in domestic production. According to data from the General Administration of Customs of China, coal imports
amounted to approximately 230 million tonnes in the first half of 2026, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.7%. On
the demand side, demand patterns diverged across different industries, with overall demand recording moderate growth.
Downstream thermal power generation continued to increase steadily, supporting strong demand for thermal coal. However,
the steel and building materials industries remained in a contractionary trend, resulting in relatively weak demand for coking
coal. According to data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China, China’s thermal power generation of enterprises
above the designated size amounted to approximately 3.0 trillion kWh in the first half of 2026, representing a year-on-year
increase of 2.9%. During the same period, China’s pig iron production of enterprises above designated size amounted
to approximately 430 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.8%; crude steel production amounted to
approximately 500 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.0%; and cement production amounted to
approximately 740 million tonnes, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.0%.

In the first half of 2026, the benchmark level of domestic coal prices increased significantly year-on-year, returning to a relatively
higher price range. Driven by rising coal prices, the operating performance of coal enterprises improved significantly in the
first half of the year, resulting in a dual increase in both revenue and profit. According to the data from the National Bureau of
Statistics of China, in the first half of 2026, the principal business income of enterprises above the designated size from the
coal mining and coal washing industries across the country amounted to approximately RMB1,359.8 billion, representing a
year-on-year increase of 9.3%; while the total profit amounted to approximately RMB210.72 billion, representing a year-on-
year increase of 41.1%.

In summary, in the first half of 2026, the coal market saw an overall supply shortage, with coal prices moving upward. The
industry’s prosperity recovered significantly, resulting in substantial growth in the profitability of coal enterprises.




                                                                     KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026               05
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Business Review

     Principal Coal and Mining Business

     As a leading integrated coal enterprise in China, the Group’s core operating assets include the Dafanpu Coal Mine in
     Inner Mongolia, the Yong’an Coal Mine, and the Weiyi Coal Mine in Ningxia, with its operations covering coal production,
     washing, loading, transportation and trading, spanning the entire coal industry chain. Meanwhile, the Group completed the
     subscription of 51% of new shares in MC Mining in April 2026, focusing on the development and operation of, among others,
     the Makhado coal mine project in the Republic of South Africa (the “RSA”). The Group is also in partnership with Minenet to
     develop a rutile mine project in Sierra Leone.

     In the first half of 2026, through a flexible combination of diverse purchase and sale models, the Group continued to
     effectively expand the reach of its coal products to downstream customers. The principal products of the Dafanpu Coal Mine
     in Inner Mongolia are branded as “Kinetic 2”, an environmentally friendly thermal coal type with low sulphur and a high ash
     melting point, which aligns with the national future requirements for energy and environmental protection. It has established
     strong brand recognition at major ports, receiving broad recognition from downstream markets.

     In the first half of 2026, market coal prices generally moved upward. The Group conducted in-depth analysis of the coal
     market, closely monitored market price trends, followed market conditions, and flexibly adjusted its sale pace. During
     the reporting period, the average selling price of the Group’s 5,000 kcal low-sulphur environmentally friendly thermal coal
     amounted to approximately RMB694.0 per tonne, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 17.6%. Affected by
     the current market environment and the sales strategy, the sales volume of such product declined by approximately 10.3%
     year-on-year during the same period.

     The Group has always adhered to the concept of safe development, prioritizing safety production in business management,
     and continuously improving its safety management system. By regularly convening coal mine safety committee meetings,
     systematically carrying out safety education and training, and institutionalizing the investigation and rectification of hidden
     dangers, the level of coal mine safety governance has been steadily improved.

     The Group is deeply committed to the principles of green and sustainable development. In 2019, Dafanpu Coal Mine was
     included in the national-level Green Mine directory and has maintained this qualification ever since. Inner Mongolia Zhunge’er
     Kinetic Coal Limited (“Kinetic Coal”) has successively been awarded the titles of “Advanced Enterprise in the Construction
     of Green Mines in Zhunge’er Banner for the Year 2023” and the “Advanced Enterprise in the Construction of Green Mines
     in Ordos City”, fully demonstrating the Group’s comprehensive strength and industry recognition in sustainable mining
     development.

     In recent years, leveraging the mature operational experience of the Dafanpu Coal Mine in Inner Mongolia, the Group has
     steadily advanced the domestic and overseas expansion of its core coal business. Domestically, the Group successfully
     expanded into the Yong’an Coal Mine and the Weiyi Coal Mine in Ningxia, effectively broadening its resource footprint;
     while overseas, the Makhado coal mine project in the RSA is progressing in an orderly manner, with a global layout steadily
     advancing. With the gradual implementation of these projects, there is a simultaneous increase in the scale of the Group’s
     core business and resource reserves, further solidifying the foundation for development.




06        KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED       Interim Report 2026
                                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




In terms of coal mining business in Ningxia, The main coal types at Yong’an Coal Mine are fat coal, 1/3 coking coal and main
coking coal. The washed clean coal is of excellent quality for coking, with characteristics such as low ash content and high
caking properties, and is suitable for use for coking, blending for coking, power generation and liquefaction coal processes.
Yong’an Coal Mine is planned to officially start production in the first half of 2027, with a designed annual production
capacity of 1.2 million tonnes. The Weiyi Coal Mine, also located in Ningxia, initially produced main coking coal; as mining
depths increased and coal seams changed, the coal types shifted to 1/3 coking coal and fat coal. The coal is of excellent
quality; coupled with the exceptionally low ash and sulphur content of the washed coal, it is a high-quality coking coal and
can also be used as raw coal for chemical production and as thermal coal. The Weiyi Coal Mine is still under construction,
with plans to officially start production in the second half of 2027 and reach full capacity in 2028, with a designed annual
production capacity of 900,000 tonnes. To support the production and operation of the Yong’an Coal Mine and the Weiyi
Coal Mine, a large-scale coking coal preparation plant with an annual processing capacity of 2.4 million tonnes has been
constructed. When the Yong’an Coal Mine and Weiyi Coal Mine commence production in the future, the Group will further
enhance overall capacity, optimize product structure, and drive performance growth.

In terms of coal mining business in the RSA, the Group completed the subscription of 51% of new shares in MC Mining
in April 2026, developing and operating coal mine projects in the RSA. In June and August 2026, the Group successively
subscribed to the convertible notes of MC Mining and announced the launch of further capital injections and share
expansions, further enabling equity growth.

The four coal mining projects under MC Mining covers thermal coal and coking coal, with a total coal resource of
approximately 8.296 billion tonnes, which boast a superior resource endowment. Notably, the Makhado flagship open-pit
coal mine project has coal resources of approximately 706 million tonnes. It boasts excellent mining conditions and excellent
coal quality, with its main product being low-sulfur, high-strength coking coal, and by-product 5,500 kcal low-sulfur high-
quality thermal coal. The Makhado project officially commenced production in August 2026. According to current plans,
production in 2026 is expected to reach 280,000 tonnes of clean coking coal and 230,000 tonnes of clean thermal coal.
Annual production capacity of clean coal in 2027 will be 880,000 tonnes of coking coal and 720,000 tonnes of thermal coal.
The Group is currently formulating plans to increase its production capacity in the future, and expects to further increase its
annual production capacity of clean coal to 2.2 million tonnes of coking coal and 1.8 million tonnes of thermal coal within
the next two years. The products from this project are sold on the global market, with customers including major steel
enterprises, coking coal companies, cement enterprises and international coal traders. Based on calculations of currently
confirmed customer demand, it is anticipated that this will cover the majority of the Company’s product sales targets for
2026, thereby providing a solid foundation for product sales once the project commences production. The Makhado project
is an important milestone in the Group’s overseas expansion. Going forward, the Group will further optimise mining plans,
enhance production and coal washing efficiency, strengthen end-to-end cost control, and develop a core coking coal
production base featuring high production capacity, high efficiency and high quality.

Regarding the rutile mining business in Sierra Leone, the Group is collaborating with Minenet to develop a rutile mine project
in Sierra Leone. The project will produce high-quality heavy sand minerals, which are expected to be mainly sold to the
Chinese market. The project is currently under construction and is expected to commence operation by October 2026. The
three production lines in the first phase are expected to have an annual capacity of approximately 220,000 tons of mineral
products (heavy sand minerals), and production in 2026 is expected to reach 26,000 tonnes. All mineral products shall be
allocated on the basis of 80% to the Group and 20% to Minenet.




                                                                 KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026            07
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     In the first half of 2026, mainly driven by the rebound in coal market prices, the Group’s core coal and mining segment
     showed positive momentum and achieved considerable profitability. During the reporting period, revenue from coal and
     mining business was approximately RMB2,227.1 million, accounting for 88.4% of total revenue. Profit before taxation was
     approximately RMB1,201.7 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 29.4%.

     Ancillary Businesses

     In recent years, the Group has developed potential ancillary businesses including real estate, property management services,
     agriculture and animal husbandry, and cigar and tobacco on the basis of consolidating the core advantages of its principal
     coal business, aiming to seek more profit growth opportunities for shareholders.

     In terms of real estate business and property management service business, the Group has been acquiring high quality real
     estate projects in Wuhai, Taiyuan, Guangzhou, Qinhuangdao and Maoming in recent years, comprising residential properties,
     villas, office buildings, apartments and commercial spaces. While vigorously driving sales efforts, the Group also closely
     monitored the construction progress of projects under construction to ensure that all these projects will proceed in an orderly
     manner and will be delivered according to schedule. During the reporting period, the Taiyuan Kinetic Yingtong Plaza (太原力
     量盈通廣場), Maoming Taoyuan Grandeur Project (茂名力量桃園項目), and Qinhuangdao Mental Harbor Project (秦皇島力
     量灣項目), which are under development, successively achieved contract signings and deliveries. Additionally, the network of
     the Group’s property management services spans 28 cities and regions nationwide, with a GFA under management of nearly
     10 million square meters, enabling effective collaboration with the Group’s real estate projects to enhance overall operational
     efficiency.

     In terms of agriculture and animal husbandry, the Group has integrated green mining, land reclamation and modern
     agriculture to successfully establish an ecological industry integrating agricultural product planting and livestock breeding in
     its mine reclamation area. The Group has constructed a 1,500-mu orchard, a 550-mu vineyard and a winery with an annual
     production capacity of 200 tonnes in the land reclamation area of the Dafanpu Coal Mine in Inner Mongolia. In addition, the
     Group established a national-level quarantine facility and an original breeding pig farm in 2022, and imported 650 great-
     grandparent original breeding pigs from France in October of the same year. In 2023 and 2024, the Lijiata 50,000-head
     commercial pig farm and the Qianhao Ten Thousand Breeding Farm (前壕萬頭擴繁場) were successively completed and put
     into operation. The construction of Wulan Bulang Fattening Farm (烏蘭不浪育肥場) is expected to be completed in 2027.
     Upon commencement of operation, the Group’s animal husbandry business is expected to achieve an annual output scale
     of 200,000 commercial pigs.

     In terms of cigar and tobacco business, through holding 82.81% equity interests in Star Idea Enterprises Limited (“Star
     Idea”), the Group operates the cigar and tobacco production, operations and sales business in Cambodia.

     In the first half of 2026, the Group’s ancillary businesses contributed total revenue of approximately RMB293.4 million,
     accounting for 11.6% of total revenue; due to weakness in the relevant industries and the fact that some ancillary businesses
     are still in the early stages of development, the Group’s ancillary businesses recorded a consolidated loss before taxation of
     approximately RMB37.3 million in the first half of 2026, which loss has been narrowed by 51.2% compared with the same
     period last year. As market conditions recover and the Group’s ancillary businesses mature over time, the performance of
     the relevant segments is expected to improve.




08         KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED      Interim Report 2026
                                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




FUTURE OUTLOOK

Looking ahead to the second half of 2026, economic downturn risks stemming from international trade disputes and
geopolitical tensions remain significant. In the World Economic Outlook issued by the International Monetary Fund in July
2026, the global economic growth rate is projected to be revised down to 3.0%. In the second half of 2026, the Chinese
government will adhere to the principle of seeking progress while maintaining stability and improving quality and efficiency,
continue to expand domestic demand and optimize supply, and promote the effective improvement of the quality and
reasonable growth in quantity of the economy.

In the coal market, it is expected that in the second half of 2026, the domestic coal supply and demand balance will remain
tight, with the average coal price expected to continue rising. Specifically, on the supply side, in response to the major mining
accident in Shanxi, coal mine safety regulations are expected to be significantly tightened in the second half of the year,
making it difficult to effectively ease domestic coal supply constraints. At the same time, Indonesia continues to implement
measures to reduce coal exports, leaving limited scope for replenishing supplies through overseas imports. On the demand
side, with the summer peak electricity demand period coinciding with the gradual release of demand for stockpiling ahead
of the winter peak, demand for coal for power generation is set to remain at a high level. The slow recovery of the real estate
sector and weak steel demand, coupled with trade barriers restricting steel exports, result in limited growth in coking coal
demand. Overall, the average coal price is expected to continue rising in the second half of the year, and the operating
performance of coal enterprises is expected to improve accordingly.

Looking ahead to the second half of 2026, the Group will continue to implement the mine development concept that
stresses safety, efficiency and environmental protection, fully leverage the stable production advantages of the Dafanpu Coal
Mine in Inner Mongolia, accelerate the construction and operation commencement progress of the Yong’an Coal Mine and
Weiyi Coal Mine in Ningxia, further explore the value of overseas resources in the RSA and Sierra Leone, and continue to
deepen its layout and operations across the entire coal industry chain and globalization. The Group will continue to uphold
the principle of high-quality development, rewarding its shareholders with outstanding results.

FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue

Revenue of the Group slightly increased from approximately RMB2,509.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to
approximately RMB2,520.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, representing an increase of 0.4%.

Revenue from the coal mining segment slightly decreased from approximately RMB2,330.3 million for the six months ended
30 June 2025 to approximately RMB2,227.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, representing a decrease of 4.4%.
The slight decrease was mainly attributable to higher market coal prices, but offset by changes in product mix and sales
models implemented to better meet market demand and improve profitability.

Revenue from the real estate and property management service segment increased from approximately RMB141.3 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to approximately RMB253.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026,
representing a growth of 79.3%. The significant increase was mainly attributable to the delivery of a higher number of
properties during the period.




                                                                  KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026             09
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Revenue from the other segments, which includes agriculture and animal husbandry as well as cigar and tobacco business,
     increased moderately from approximately RMB37.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to approximately
     RMB40.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, representing an increase of 5.9%. This increase was primarily
     driven by higher sales generated from the agriculture and animal husbandry segment.

     Cost of sales

     For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group incurred cost of sales of approximately RMB1,195.9 million as compared
     to the Group’s cost of sales of approximately RMB1,333.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing a
     decrease of 10.3%.

     The decrease in the Group’s cost of sales was mainly attributable to a reduction in the average costs of the Group’s coal
     products, driven by the Group’s continued implementation of effective financial control measures. The cost of sales of
     the Group under the coal mining segment mainly comprised transportation costs, salaries of coal mine workers, costs of
     supplementary materials, fuel and electricity, depreciation, amortisation and surcharges of mining operations. The cost of
     sales of the Group under the real estate development and property management service segment mainly comprised land
     use rights premiums, land acquisition costs, related taxes and levies at acquisition, labour, contractor fees, site preparation,
     mechanical and electrical works, fit-out and finishing works, etc.

     Gross profit and gross profit margin

     For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group recorded a gross profit of approximately RMB1,324.6 million and a
     gross profit margin of 52.6% as compared to the gross profit of approximately RMB1,176.2 million and the gross profit
     margin of 46.9% for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

     The increase in Group’s gross profit margin for the six months ended 30 June 2026 was mainly attributable to the rise in
     market coal prices during the period and the Group’s continued implementation of effective financial control measures.

     Other incomes and losses, net

     The net amount of other incomes and losses of the Group changed from net losses of approximately RMB32.7 million for the
     six months ended 30 June 2025 to net income of approximately RMB1.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

     This was mainly attributable to: (i) a substantial reduction in penalties during the period; (ii) lower donation expenses; (iii) the
     absence of losses on disposal of a subsidiary of which was recorded in the prior period; and (iv) an increase in government
     grants and other income. For the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, the Group’s net amount of other incomes and
     losses mainly comprised government grants, interest income, penalties, donation and realised gain from the redemption of
     financial assets.

     Selling expenses

     The Group’s selling expenses decreased from approximately RMB16.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to
     approximately RMB15.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, representing a decrease of 5.9%.




10         KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED       Interim Report 2026
                                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




The decrease in the Group’s selling expenses was mainly attributable to the Group’s continued exercise of effective financial
control measures in marketing related expenses. The Group’s selling expenses mainly comprised salaries of sales staff and
marketing related expenses.

Administrative expenses

The Group’s administrative expenses decreased from approximately RMB281.5 million for the six months ended 30 June
2025 to approximately RMB266.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, representing a decrease of 5.5%.

The decrease in the Group’s administrative expenses was mainly attributable to the Group’s continued exercise of effective
financial control measures in administrative expenses in different operating segments. The Group’s administrative expenses
mainly comprised salaries and related personnel expenses of the administrative, finance and human resources departments,
consultancy fees and other incidental administrative expenses.

Share of profits less losses of associates

The Group’s share of profits less losses of associates decreased from net gains of approximately RMB6.5 million for the six
months ended 30 June 2025 to net gains of approximately RMB1.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

The decline was mainly attributable to the share of profit contributed by Shenhua Zhunneng Xiaojia Shayan Coal Storage and
Delivery Limited* (神華准能肖家沙墕煤炭集運有限責任公司), being largely offset by the share of loss arising from MC Mining,
which was the Group’s associate prior to the completion of the acquisition, mainly due to the increase in pre-production
activities relating to the Makhado Project. In addition, the Group’s equity interests in MC Mining increased during the period,
resulting in a higher share of loss being recognised as the Group’s associate.

Gain on acquisition of a subsidiary

Upon the Group obtaining a 51% shareholding in MC Mining, the assets and liabilities of MC Mining and its subsidiaries were
consolidated into the Group’s consolidated financial statements. The gain of approximately RMB89.2 million arising from
the acquisition primarily reflected the excess of the fair value of the interests in the MC Mining measured at total identifiable
net assets held by MC Mining and its subsidiaries, most notably its mining rights, over the book value of the interests in MC
Mining accounted for using equity method then.

Finance costs

The Group’s finance costs increased from approximately RMB37.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to
approximately RMB42.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, representing an increase of 14.5%.

The increase in the Group’s finance costs was mainly attributable to the increase in the bank loans and other borrowings
during the period.




*   For identification purpose only




                                                                  KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026             11
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Income tax expense

     The Group’s income tax expense increased from approximately RMB191.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to
     approximately RMB194.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, representing an increase of 1.3%.

     The increase in the Group’s income tax expense was mainly attributable to the increase in taxable income generated
     from coal mining segment during the period, resulting in an increment in current tax charges. During the period, additional
     deductible items and larger deferred tax credits had reduced the overall taxable base, so the increase in income tax expense
     was not commensurate with the increase in Group’s profit.

     Profit for the period

     As a result of the foregoing, the Group recorded a consolidated profit after tax of approximately RMB756.7 million for the
     six months ended 30 June 2026, which increased from approximately RMB558.1 million for the six months ended 30 June
     2025, representing a significant increase of 35.6%. Net profit margin significantly increased from 22.2% for the six months
     ended 30 June 2025 to 30.0% for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

     This was mainly attributable to the improved performance of the coal mining segment and the effective control of operating
     costs across the Group’s various operating segments.

     Interim Dividends

     The Board resolved to declare an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026 of HKD6.0 cents per share (six
     months ended 30 June 2025: HKD5.0 cents per share), payable to the shareholders of the Company whose names appear
     on the register of members of the Company on Thursday, 10 September 2026. The interim dividends will be paid in cash in
     three phases according to the following schedule:

      Date                                                             Amount


      On or before Monday, 12 October 2026                             HKD1.5 cents per share
      On or before Friday, 13 November 2026                            HKD2.5 cents per share
      On or before Friday, 11 December 2026                            HKD2.0 cents per share

     The total amount of the interim dividends for the six months ended 30 June 2026 will be HKD515,970,480 (six months
     ended 30 June 2025: HKD421,500,000).

     Closure of Register of Members for Interim Dividends

     The register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 8 September 2026 to Thursday, 10 September
     2026 (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares will be registered for the purpose of determining
     shareholders’ entitlement to the interim dividends. The ex-dividend date will be Friday, 4 September 2026. To qualify for the
     interim dividends, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration
     with the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
     Limited at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong no later than 4:30
     p.m. on Monday, 7 September 2026.



12        KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED      Interim Report 2026
                                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Liquidity and Financial Resources

For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group’s cash at bank and on hand was mainly used for the development
of the Group’s Dafanpu Coal Mine and other business projects and for the proposed acquisitions, to service the Group’s
indebtedness and to fund the Group’s working capital. The Group financed its funding requirements mainly through a
combination of interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings, cash inflow generated from operating activities and placing
of new shares. The Group’s gearing ratio was 9.0% as at 30 June 2026 as compared to the Group’s gearing ratio of 8.8%
as at 31 December 2025. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by capital plus net debt. Net debt is calculated as total
borrowings less cash at bank and on hand. Capital is equivalent to the total equity.

As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s cash at bank and on hand, amounting to approximately 456.2 million, were denominated in
Renminbi, Hong Kong dollars, US dollars and other currencies utilized in its operations.

As at 30 June 2026, the Group had net current liabilities of approximately RMB239.4 million and has undertaken several
acquisitions with prepayments made amounting to approximately RMB1,346.0 million as disclosed in Note 14 to the
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information. The Directors estimated to incur significant expenditure
for the business acquired or developed. In addition, the Group has also been contemplating to expand existing business
through actively seeking potential mining project targets or diversifying its business by stepping into new business beyond
coal mining. The Group needs to seek financing from banks or other financial institutions in order to fund the acquisitions and
future capital expenditure. In light of the current liquidity position and the projected cash inflows generated from operations
of the Group, the Directors are of the opinion that the Group will carefully monitor its liquidity position and assuming that the
Group is able to generate sufficient cash inflows from future operations and obtain borrowings from bank or other financial
institutions when needed, the Group will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due for at least the next twelve
months.

As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the Group’s secured bank loans and other borrowings were as follows:

                                                                                                   30 June       31 December
                                                                                                      2026              2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


 Current                                                                                           534,977            117,000
 Non-current                                                                                       917,426            755,000


                                                                                                 1,452,403            872,000


As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank loans and other borrowings increased to approximately RMB1,452.4 million (31
December 2025: RMB872.0 million), mainly due to additional secured bank loans for mining operations in the PRC and
the consolidation of MC Mining’s other borrowings. Current bank loans and other borrowings amounted to approximately
RMB535.0 million, and non-current bank loans and other borrowings amounted to approximately RMB917.4 million, largely
comprising secured loans backed by mining rights, property inventories, land use rights, and subsidiary guarantees. The
Group continues to manage its liquidity prudently and maintain close communication with lenders to support ongoing
operations.


                                                                  KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026             13
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Significant Acquisitions and Investments

     Initial Subscription of Shares in MC Mining

     On 26 August 2024, the Group and MC Mining entered into a share subscription agreement (as amended by the amendment
     agreement on 28 February 2025), pursuant to which the Group has agreed to subscribe for in aggregate 51% new shares
     (on an enlarged basis) in MC Mining at a price of US$0.2089 per share for a total consideration of US$90,000,000. On 22
     April 2026, the subscription was completed, and MC Mining has become an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
     Company. The board of MC Mining has been reconstituted, and the Company now holds 5 out of 9 board seats, thereby
     assuming management rights and effective control over the strategic direction and operations of MC Mining. Accordingly, the
     financial results of MC Mining and its subsidiaries have been consolidated into the Group’s consolidated financial statements
     from the completion of the subscription of the 51% equity interests in MC Mining in April 2026 to 30 June 2026.

     Subscription of Convertible Notes Issued by MC Mining

     On 11 June 2026, the Group entered into a note purchase agreement to subscribe for unsecured convertible promissory
     notes to be issued by MC Mining in an aggregate principal amount of US$6,136,000. The funding is to support MC Mining’s
     business operations and working capital requirements, particularly the ongoing construction, commissioning and ramp-up
     of the Makhado Project, a steelmaking hard coking coal development with favourable long-term prospects. The convertible
     notes bear interest at a rate linked to the Reserve Bank of Australia’s medium business loan rate plus a 3% margin, and
     provide the Company with an option to convert the outstanding principal and accrued interest into MC Mining’s new
     shares at a fixed conversion price of US$0.2089 per share on the maturity date. The Board considers that the subscription
     represents a commercially attractive opportunity to reinforce the Group’s support for MC Mining while potentially increasing
     the Group’s equity interests upon maturity, thereby enhancing long-term value for shareholders.

     Acquisition of Taiyuan Seedland

     On 4 December 2025, the Group entered into the sixth supplemental agreement and the share transfer agreement with
     Guangzhou Seedland Real Estate Development Co., Ltd (“Seedland”) and its subsidiaries to acquire 100% equity interests
     in Taiyuan Seedland Taijing Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.* (太原實地台經房地產開發有限公司) (“Taiyuan Seedland”)
     for a total consideration of RMB384,000,000 (the “Equity Consideration”). The Equity Consideration has been partly settled
     by offsetting the remaining amount of RMB253,734,000 in the prepaid amount by the Group under the agreements on sale
     and purchase of properties entered into between subsidiaries of Seedland and Kinetic (Qinhuangdao) Energy Group Ltd.
     (力量(秦皇島)能源集團有限公司) (“Kinetic Qinhuangdao”) in 2022. After such offset, the remaining Equity Consideration
     payable by the Group to Zunyi Shidi Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.* (遵義實地房地產開發有限公司) (“Zunyi Seedland”)
     was RMB130,266,000 (the “Remaining Closing Payment”), which has been further partly set off against as below.

     On 20 April 2026, the Group entered into a debt settlement contract (the “2026 Debt Settlement Contract”) with Seedland
     and its subsidiaries, pursuant to which the parties have agreed to an offset arrangement among (i) the Remaining Closing
     Payment, RMB130,266,000; (ii) the surplus amount payable by Kinetic Qinhuangdao to Beijing Seedland Qushi Real Estate
     Development Co., Ltd.* (北京實地趨勢房地產開發有限公司) (“Beijing Seedland”) under the Debt Settlement Contract
     which amounted to RMB2,835,200 (the “Surplus Amount”, together with the Remaining Closing Payment, the “Revised
     Remaining Closing Payment”, amounted to RMB133,101,200); and (iii) the service fee payable by Seedland to the Group
     under the Property Management Services Framework Agreement for 2025. Pursuant to the 2026 Debt Settlement Contract,
     an amount of RMB36,000,000 (the “2025 Balances”), has been deducted from the Revised Remaining Closing Payment,
     and the balance of RMB97,101,000 shall be paid to Zunyi Seedland.


14        KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED      Interim Report 2026
                                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




Taiyuan Seedland is principally engaged in real estate development and operations in the PRC, and the Group expects to
benefit from its Haitang Huazhu Project in Xiaodian District, Taiyuan City. The project comprises 34 residential buildings,
including 8 currently under construction, and is expected to be fully completed by 2031, with future income to be generated
from the sale of residential units, ground level shops and parking spaces.

The acquisition of Taiyuan Seedland was duly approved by the independent shareholders on 20 May 2026 and was
completed on 8 July 2026. Following the closing of Taiyuan Seedland Acquisition, Taiyuan Seedland has become an indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. As such, the prepayment of RMB803,000,000 made by Kinetic Qinhuangdao
to the vendors for the acquisition of target properties pursuant to the 2022 Property Purchase Agreement (as amended by
the Supplemental Agreement) has been fully and progressively offset by way of acquisition of other assets from the relevant
companies.

Acquisition of Dongzhimen Properties

On 4 December 2025, the Group entered into a debt settlement contract (the “Debt Settlement Contract”) with Seedland
and Beijing Seedland for the acquisition of the Dongzhimen 3110 and 3111 Properties for an aggregate consideration of
RMB86,330,000. After deducting the relevant taxes and a debt payable on behalf of Beijing Seedland, the net consideration
of RMB56,890,000 (the “Net Dongzhimen Property Consideration”) will be set off against the outstanding payables
owed by Seedland to the Group to during 2024 in respect of property management services and other value-added services
totaling RMB54,054,800 (the “2024 Payables”). As the Net Dongzhimen Property Consideration is greater than the 2024
Payables, the parties agreed that the surplus amount of RMB2,835,200 will be used to further set off against the amount
payable by Seedland to the Group during 2025 pursuant to the 2026 Debt Settlement Contract.

The Dongzhimen Properties are located on the 31st floor of No. 18 Dongzhimenwai Xiaojie, Dongcheng District, Beijing, with
a total gross floor area of 719.43 square metres. The Board believes that the Dongzhimen Properties possess long-term
capital appreciation potential, given their location, building quality and market positioning. The acquisition of the Dongzhimen
Properties enables the Group to convert outstanding receivables into tangible assets with income-generating capability and
value growth prospects.

The acquisition of Dongzhimen Properties was duly approved by the independent shareholders on 20 May 2026. As at the
date of this interim report, the transfer of Dongzhimen 3110 Property has been completed while the transfer of Dongzhimen
3111 Property is expected to be completed by the end of September 2026.

Save as disclosed above, during the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group had no other significant investments in
associates or joint ventures, and no other material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries. The Group’s ability to fund the
above-mentioned acquisitions, investments and capital expenditures largely relies on its future operating cash inflows and its
ability to finance through bank loans, which may be influenced by the government macro-control policy and volatility in coal
market price. The Group will carefully monitor its liquidity position.




                                                                  KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026            15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Events After the Reporting Period

     Further Subscription of Shares in MC Mining

     On 13 August 2026, the Group and MC Mining further entered into another share subscription agreement, pursuant to which
     the Group has agreed to subscribe for and purchase (i) 38,295,836 new shares of MC Mining at a price of US$0.2089 per
     share for a consideration of US$8,000,000 (the “First Closing”); and (ii) 38,295,836 new shares at a price of US$0.2089
     per share for a consideration of US$8,000,000 (the “Second Closing”). In order to provide MC Mining with funds needed
     for its business operations and working capital requirements in advance of the First Closing, on the same day, the Company
     entered into a bridge loan agreement with MC Mining, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to lend to MC Mining
     an aggregate sum of US$8,000,000, with all the outstanding amounts of the bridge loan to be applied to offset the
     consideration of First Closing payable to MC Mining under the share subscription agreement at the First Closing. At the
     Second Closing, the Group will settle an aggregate sum of US$8,000,000 to MC Mining. The further subscription of shares
     in MC Mining by the Group further strengthens its investment position in MC Mining.

     Save as disclosed above, the Board is not aware of any significant events requiring disclosure that has taken place
     subsequent to 30 June 2026 and up to the date of this interim report.

     Financial Risk Management

     (a)   Interest rate risk

           The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s bank deposits and
           short-term debt obligations with a floating interest rate. As at 30 June 2026, the Group did not hold short-term debt
           obligations with a floating interest rate and are not exposed to significant interest rate risk.

     (b)   Foreign currency risk

           The Company and its subsidiaries are not exposed to significant foreign currency risk since their transactions and
           balances are principally denominated in their respective functional currencies.

     (c)   Liquidity risk

           Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulties in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities.
           The Group utilises cash flow forecast and other relevant information to monitor its liquidity requirements and to ensure
           the Group has sufficient cash to support its business and operational activities.




16         KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED         Interim Report 2026
                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis




HUMAN RESOURCES AND EMOLUMENT POLICY

As at 30 June 2026, the Group had a total of 3,492 full-time employees in the Mainland China, Hong Kong, the RSA, Sierra
Leone and Cambodia. For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the total staff costs, comprising salaries, wages, bonuses
and benefits, contributions to defined contribution plans and equity-settled share-based payment expenses, amounted to
approximately RMB380.1 million and were charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

The Group’s emolument policies are formulated based on the performance and experience of employees and in line with the
salary trends in the Mainland China, Hong Kong, the RSA, Sierra Leone and Cambodia. Appropriate training programmes
are also provided to employees by the Group in order to ensure continuous training and development of employees. Other
employee benefits include performance-related bonuses, insurance and medical coverage, share options and share awards.
On 29 November 2022, the Company adopted the 2022 Share Award Scheme, which is funded by the existing shares
of the Company, providing employees with the opportunity to acquire equity interests in the Company. On 22 May 2023,
the Company also adopted the 2023 Share Option Scheme and the 2023 Share Award Scheme which only allow grant of
options and awards involving new shares of the Company.




                                                              KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026        17
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
     Other Comprehensive Income
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2026               2025
                                                                           Note      RMB’000           RMB’000


      Revenue                                                               4       2,520,567         2,509,517
      Cost of sales                                                         6      (1,195,934)       (1,333,359)


      Gross profit                                                                  1,324,633         1,176,158
      Other incomes and losses, net                                        5            1,719            (32,721)
      Losses on fair value changes of financial assets                     16        (141,892)           (64,888)
      Selling expenses                                                                (15,338)           (16,298)
      Administrative expenses                                                        (265,978)         (281,483)


      Profit from operations                                                         903,144            780,768
      Share of profits less losses of associates                                       1,439               6,498
      Gain on acquisition of a subsidiary achieved in stages                          89,183                   –
      Finance costs                                                         7        (42,758)            (37,329)


      Profit before taxation                                                6         951,008           749,937
      Income tax expense                                                    8        (194,311)         (191,811)


      Profit for the period                                                          756,697            558,126


      Other comprehensive income for the period that may be
        reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
        Exchange differences on translation of financial statements from
          functional currency to presentation currency                                23,343            (13,657)


      Total comprehensive income for the period                                      780,040            544,469




18         KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED       Interim Report 2026
                       Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                          2026               2025
                                                                   Note                RMB’000           RMB’000


Profit for the period attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                                     768,346                561,586
  Non-controlling interests                                                              (11,649)                 (3,460)


                                                                                         756,697                558,126


Total comprehensive income for the period attributable to:
  Equity shareholders of the Company                                                     793,520                548,173
  Non-controlling interests                                                              (13,480)                 (3,704)


                                                                                         780,040                544,469


Earnings per share attributable to equity shareholders of
  the Company                                                        9
  – Basic                                                                       RMB9.11 cents           RMB6.68 cents
  – Diluted                                                                     RMB8.99 cents           RMB6.66 cents




                                                            KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026             19
     Consolidated Statement of
     Financial Position
     At 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                                   30 June     31 December
                                                                                      2026            2025
                                                                          Note    RMB’000          RMB’000


      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                       10      4,509,609      3,655,126
      Right-of-use assets                                                 11        182,807        180,670
      Intangible assets                                                   12      5,013,786      3,415,758
      Goodwill                                                            13        266,268        245,404
      Interests in associates                                                        87,816        416,358
      Deferred tax assets                                                           215,517        154,041
      Prepayments for proposed acquisitions                               14      1,345,990      1,335,990
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               16         22,861              –
      Other non-current assets                                            15        584,928        688,475


      Total non-current assets                                                   12,229,582     10,091,822


      Current assets
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               16         65,939        208,185
      Inventories                                                         17      2,459,329      2,530,724
      Trade and other receivables                                         18        834,237        674,042
      Pledged and restricted deposits                                     19         69,320         18,177
      Cash at bank and on hand                                            19        456,242         81,586
      Current portion of other non-current assets                         15              –          3,803


      Total current assets                                                        3,885,067      3,516,517


      Current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                            20      2,249,125      2,157,486
      Contract liabilities                                                          819,807        915,063
      Bank loans and other borrowings                                     21        534,977        117,000
      Lease liabilities                                                   22         28,768         27,100
      Income tax payable                                                            491,758        529,166


      Total current liabilities                                                   4,124,435      3,745,815


      Net current liabilities                                                      (239,368)      (229,298)


      Total assets less total current liabilities                                11,990,214      9,862,524




20         KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED        Interim Report 2026
                                                          Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                         At 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                                      30 June       31 December
                                                                                         2026              2025
                                                                       Note          RMB’000            RMB’000


Non-current liabilities
Bank loans and other borrowings                                         21             917,426           755,000
Lease liabilities                                                       22              20,029            28,384
Long-term payables                                                      23             601,834           719,918
Deferred tax liabilities                                                               315,702            85,642
Accrual for reclamation costs                                                          119,365            61,069


Total non-current liabilities                                                        1,974,356         1,650,013


NET ASSETS                                                                         10,015,858          8,212,511


EQUITY
Share capital                                                           25              55,443            54,293
Reserves                                                                             8,732,516         8,104,449


Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                      8,787,959         8,158,742
Non-controlling interests                                                            1,227,899            53,769


TOTAL EQUITY                                                                       10,015,858          8,212,511




                                                        KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026          21
     Consolidated Statement of
     Changes in Equity
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                               Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                             Share       Share-
                                                                            award        based                                                                    Non-
                                                    Share       Share      scheme      payment        Other     Statutory Exchange      Retained             controlling          Total
                                                   capital   premium      reserves     reserves    reserves     reserves reserves         profits      Total interests           equity
                                                  RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000           RMB’000


      At 1 January 2026                             54,293    483,907       (23,511)     18,611     127,588     2,949,763      83,648   4,464,443    8,158,742      53,769     8,212,511


      Profit for the period                              –          –             –           –            –            –           –    768,346      768,346       (11,649)    756,697
      Other comprehensive income                         –          –             –           –            –            –      25,174          –       25,174        (1,831)     23,343


      Total comprehensive income for
        the period                                       –          –             –           –            –            –      25,174     768,346      793,520      (13,480)     780,040
      Dividends paid                                     –          –             –           –            –            –           –     (73,992)     (73,992)           –      (73,992)
      Dividends payable                                  –          –             –           –            –            –           –    (369,964)    (369,964)           –     (369,964)
      Appropriation of maintenance and
        production funds                                 –          –             –           –            –     150,751            –    (150,751)           –            –            –
      Utilisation of maintenance and production
        funds                                            –          –             –           –            –      (19,355)          –     19,355             –            –            –
      Equity settled share-based payment
        expenses (Note 30)                               –          –             –      34,281            –            –           –           –      34,281             –      34,281
      New shares issued (Note 25)                    1,150    268,079             –           –            –            –           –           –     269,229             –     269,229
      Purchase of shares under share award
        scheme                                           –          –       (23,857)          –            –            –           –           –      (23,857)        –         (23,857)
      Business combination (Note 29)                     –          –             –           –            –            –           –           –            – 1,187,610       1,187,610


      At 30 June 2026                               55,443    751,986       (47,368)     52,892     127,588     3,081,159     108,822   4,657,437    8,787,959    1,227,899 10,015,858




22           KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED                          Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                           Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                       Share        Share-
                                                                      award         based                                                                                  Non-
                                               Share       Share     scheme       payment          Other     Statutory     Exchange        Retained                  controlling      Total
                                              capital   premium     reserves      reserves      reserves      reserves      reserves         profits       Total       interests     equity
                                            RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


At 1 January 2025                             54,293    483,907     (23,511)             –      119,307      2,596,181          67,490     4,930,609    8,228,276       46,471     8,274,747


Profit for the period                              –           –          –              –             –              –               –     561,586      561,586         (3,460)    558,126
Other comprehensive income                         –           –          –              –             –              –         (13,413)          –       (13,413)         (244)     (13,657)


Total comprehensive income for
  the period                                       –           –          –              –             –              –         (13,413)     561,586      548,173        (3,704)     544,469
Dividends paid                                     –           –          –              –             –              –               –     (386,575)    (386,575)            –     (386,575)
Dividends payable                                  –           –          –              –             –              –               –     (231,763)    (231,763)            –     (231,763)
Appropriation of maintenance and
  production funds                                 –           –          –              –             –      149,096                 –     (149,096)           –             –            –
Utilisation of maintenance and production
  funds                                            –           –          –              –             –       (26,319)               –      26,319             –             –            –
Equity settled share-based payment
  expenses (Note 30)                               –           –          –        12,297              –             –                –            –      12,297              –      12,297
Capital contribution from non-controlling
  interests                                        –          –           –              –         8,281             –                –            –       8,281         1,719       10,000
Disposal of a subsidiary                           –          –           –              –             –             –                –            –           –        13,165       13,165


At 30 June 2025                               54,293    483,907     (23,511)       12,297       127,588      2,718,958          54,077     4,751,080    8,178,689       57,651     8,236,340




                                                                                               KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026                                            23
     Condensed Consolidated
     Statement of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2026            2025
                                                                                Note      RMB’000        RMB’000


      Net cash generated from operating activities                                        653,576         676,792


      Investing activities
      Dividends received from an associate                                                  20,088                –
      Interest received                                                                      1,084            1,783
      Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                1,346                –
      Redemption of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       28          11,447          70,723
      Payments for property, plant and equipment and other non-current assets             (371,958)      (205,192)
      Investment in an associate                                                          (110,235)      (210,022)
      Loans to related parties                                                              (2,433)        (17,923)
      Prepayments for the proposed acquisitions                                           (110,000)               –
      Acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash acquired                         29         (19,838)        (44,023)
      (Increase)/decrease in pledged deposits                                              (19,965)         11,578
      Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         28          (5,569)          (2,007)
      Others                                                                                     –          16,252


      Net cash used in investing activities                                               (606,033)      (378,831)


      Financing activities
      New bank loans and other borrowings                                                  528,676        190,000
      Repayments of bank loans and other borrowings                                       (172,210)      (306,070)
      Net proceeds from new shares issued                                                  269,229                –
      Dividends paid                                                                      (227,798)      (386,575)
      Interest paid                                                                        (27,644)        (23,789)
      Purchase of shares under share award scheme                                          (23,857)               –
      Lease payments                                                                       (12,241)          (8,770)


      Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                              334,155        (535,204)


      Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                381,698        (237,243)

      Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                                               81,586         629,937

      Effect of foreign exchange rates changes                                              (7,042)         1,813


      Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                                      19        456,242         394,507




24         KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED       Interim Report 2026
                                                                         Notes to the Unaudited
                                                                         Interim Financial Report


1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

     The Company was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands on 27 July 2010
     under the Companies Law, Chapter 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) and its shares are publicly traded
     on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The Company’s registered
     office address is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The
     Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are mainly engaged in the extraction and sale
     of coal products, sale of properties and provision of property management services. There has been no significant
     change in the Group’s principal activities during the period.

     King Lok Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, is the immediate holding company of
     the Company; and the ultimate holding company of the Company is TMF (Cayman) Ltd., a company incorporated in
     Cayman Islands.

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

     The unaudited interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the applicable disclosure requirements
     set out in the Appendix D2 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”),
     and in compliance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the Hong
     Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). It was authorised for issue on 24 August 2026.

     The unaudited interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies adopted in
     the 2025 annual financial statements, namely HKFRS Accounting Standards except for the accounting policy changes
     that are expected to be reflected in the 2026 annual financial statements. Details of any changes in accounting policies
     are set out in Note 2.2.

     The preparation of the unaudited interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires management to make
     judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and
     liabilities, income and expenses on a year to date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The unaudited interim financial report contains condensed consolidated financial statements and selected explanatory
     notes. The notes include an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of
     the changes in financial position and performance of the Group since the 2025 annual financial statements. The
     condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereon do not include all of the information required for a full
     set of financial statements prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards.

     The financial information relating to the financial year ended 31 December 2025 that is included in the unaudited interim
     financial report as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial
     statements for that financial year but is derived from those financial statements. The auditor has reported on those
     financial statements on 24 March 2026. The auditor’s opinion was not modified but included a reference to a matter to
     which the auditor drew attention for material uncertainty related to going concern.




                                                                KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026            25
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Cont’d)

         As at 30 June 2026, the Group had net current liabilities of RMB239,368,000 and has undertaken several acquisitions
         with prepayments made amounting to RMB1,345,990,000 as disclosed in Note 14. The Directors estimated to incur
         significant expenditure for the business acquired or developed. In addition, the Group has also been contemplating
         expanding existing business through actively seeking potential mining project targets or diversifying its business
         by stepping into new business beyond coal mining. The Group may seek financing from banks or other financial
         institutions in order to fund the acquisitions and future capital expenditure and property development expenditure.

         The Group’s ability to fund the aforementioned acquisitions and further expenditure largely relies on its future operating
         cash inflows and its ability to finance through external borrowings, which may be influenced by the government macro-
         control policies and volatility in coal market price.

         The scale of the expected capital expenditure and possible mismatch of future cash flow projections may indicate
         the existence of material uncertainty which would cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going
         concern.

         The Directors assessed the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, taking into account (i) the Group’s current
         cash at bank and on hand; (ii) the expected operating cash flows of the Group for at least the next twelve months from
         the end of the current reporting period; and (iii) the Group’s capital expenditure and other necessary additional amount
         forecast for at least the next twelve months from the end of the current reporting period, with the potential gap to be
         satisfied by external borrowings. The Directors are of the opinion that the Group is proactively monitoring the progress
         of the acquisitions and additional cashflow needs and will take feasible initiatives to conclude the transactions. The
         Group will also carefully monitor its liquidity position. Assuming that the Group is able to generate sufficient cash
         inflows from future operations and obtain borrowings from banks or other financial institutions when needed, the
         Group will be able to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due for at least the next twelve months. Accordingly,
         it is appropriate to prepare the condensed consolidated interim financial statements on a going concern basis. The
         condensed consolidated interim financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the carrying amounts
         and reclassification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should the Group be unable to continue as a going
         concern.




26       KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED      Interim Report 2026
                                                            Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

   The HKICPA has issued a number of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective for the
   current accounting period. Of these, only the amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7, Financial
   instruments: Disclosures – Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial instruments, are relevant to
   the Group’s financial statements. The impacts of adopting these amendments are discussed below.

   The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.

   Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7, Financial instruments:
   Disclosures – Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial instruments

   The amendments cover three main aspects:

   •    The amendments clarify when a financial asset or a financial liability is recognised and derecognised. They also
        introduce an optional exception that permits an entity to derecognise a financial liability before the settlement
        date when the financial liability is settled in cash using an electronic payment system, provided that specific
        criteria are met.

   •    For the assessment of whether a financial asset has contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal
        and interest on the principal amount outstanding, the amendments clarify the assessment of interest and
        introduce an additional test for the financial assets with contingent features, for example environmental, social
        or governance (“ESG”) linked features. The amendments also clarify the difference between financial assets with
        non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments which may then change the applicable assessments.

   •    The amendments introduce new disclosures for disposals of investments in equity instruments designated at fair
        value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), and for financial instruments not measured at fair value
        through profit or loss (“FVPL”) which contain contractual terms that could change the amount of contractual
        cash flows based on the occurrence or non-occurrence of a contingent event that does not relate directly to
        changes in basic lending risks and costs.

   None of these amendments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position for the current
   or prior periods have been prepared or presented.




                                                              KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026            27
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     3.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

          Management has determined operating segments with reference to the reports reviewed by the chief operating
          decision maker (“CODM”) of the Group that are used to assess the performance and allocate resources. The Group
          manages its businesses by business lines, in a manner consistent with the way in which the information is reported
          internally to the Group’s CODM. During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group entered into agreements with
          counterparties to acquire certain properties and expanded its business into additional lines beyond coal mining. The
          reportable segments of the Group are coal mining segment, real estate and property management and other segments
          which mainly include agriculture and animal husbandry and cigar and tobacco, all of which align with the business
          plans and information provided to the CODM of the Group.

          (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities

                For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources between segments, the Group’s
                CODM monitors the results, assets and liabilities attributable to each reportable segment on the following basis:

                Segment assets include all current and non-current assets, excluding financial assets at fair value through profit
                or loss and deferred tax assets. Segment liabilities include all current and non-current liabilities, excluding income
                tax payable, tax payable other than income tax and deferred tax liabilities.

                Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segments with reference to the revenue generated by
                those segments and the expenses incurred by those segments or which otherwise arise from the depreciation or
                amortisation of assets attributable to those segments. The head office and corporate expenses are not allocated
                to individual segments.

                Profit before taxation is utilised to assess the profit or loss of the reporting segment.




28        KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED       Interim Report 2026
                                                                                  Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




3.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

     (i)   Segment results, assets and liabilities (Cont’d)

           The information regarding the Group’s reportable segments as provided to the Group’s CODM for the purposes
           of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and
           2025 is set out below.

                                                                                 Real estate and property
                                                      Coal mining segment         management segment               Other segment                     Total
                                                   Six months ended 30 June     Six months ended 30 June      Six months ended 30 June     Six months ended 30 June
                                                         2026           2025          2026            2025          2026           2025          2026           2025
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


            Reportable segment revenue              2,227,146      2,330,318       253,292        141,300         41,402         46,621     2,521,840      2,518,239

            Inter-segment revenue                           –              –             –               –        (1,273)        (8,722)       (1,273)        (8,722)


            Revenue from external customers         2,227,146      2,330,318       253,292        141,300         40,129         37,899     2,520,567      2,509,517


            Reportable segment profit/(loss)
             before taxation                        1,201,724        928,879        (6,276)        (31,488)      (31,050)       (45,035)    1,164,398        852,356


            Interest income                             6,763          7,054             9               –             7            11          6,779          7,065

            Finance costs                             (40,565)       (34,024)           (5)           (299)       (2,179)        (2,800)      (42,749)       (37,123)

            Depreciation and amortisation             (83,721)       (75,339)       (9,448)         (9,558)      (26,082)       (24,210)     (119,251)      (109,107)

            Impairment losses on trade and other
              receivables                                   –              –        (4,225)         (6,963)            –              –        (4,225)        (6,963)


                                                          At              At            At             At            At              At           At              At
                                                     30 June     31 December       30 June    31 December       30 June     31 December      30 June     31 December
                                                        2026            2025          2026           2025          2026            2025         2026            2025


            Reportable segment assets              11,328,441      8,491,279     3,473,265       3,562,853     1,008,626      1,191,981    15,810,332     13,246,113

            Additions to non-current segment
              assets                                2,098,319        771,862        15,518        274,821          3,803         71,815     2,117,640      1,118,498

            Reportable segment liabilities          3,903,836      2,988,210       989,719       1,330,668       209,471        213,733     5,103,026      4,532,611




                                                                                     KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026                              29
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     3.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

          (ii)   Reconciliation of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets and liabilities

                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2026            2025
                                                                                   Note      RMB’000        RMB’000


                  Revenue
                  Reportable segment revenue                                                2,521,840      2,518,239
                  Elimination of inter-segment revenue                                         (1,273)         (8,722)


                  Consolidated revenue                                              4       2,520,567      2,509,517


                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2026            2025
                                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


                  Profit
                  Reportable segment profit before taxation                                 1,164,398        852,356
                  Elimination of inter-segment profit                                               –              –


                  Reportable segment profit before taxation derived from Group’s
                     external customers                                                     1,164,398        852,356
                  Losses on fair value changes of financial assets                           (141,892)        (64,888)
                  Other incomes and losses, net                                                   745             462
                  Depreciation and amortisation                                                  (567)           (601)
                  Finance costs                                                                    (9)           (206)
                  Unallocated head office and corporate expenses                              (71,667)        (37,186)


                  Consolidated profit before taxation                                        951,008         749,937




30        KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED      Interim Report 2026
                                                                     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




3.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

     (ii)   Reconciliation of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets and liabilities (Cont’d)

                                                                                                         At               At
                                                                                                    30 June      31 December
                                                                                                       2026             2025
                                                                                     Note          RMB’000           RMB’000


             Assets
             Reportable segment assets                                                           15,810,332        13,246,113
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    16             88,800           208,185
             Deferred tax assets                                                                    215,517           154,041


             Consolidated assets                                                                 16,114,649        13,608,339


                                                                                                         At               At
                                                                                                    30 June      31 December
                                                                                                       2026             2025
                                                                                     Note          RMB’000           RMB’000


             Liabilities
             Reportable segment liabilities                                                        5,103,026         4,532,611
             Income tax payable                                                                      491,759           529,166
             Tax payable other than income tax                                        20             188,304           248,409
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                315,702            85,642


             Consolidated liabilities                                                              6,098,791         5,395,828




                                                                      KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026      31
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     3.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Cont’d)

          (iii) Geographic information

               The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from external
               customers and (ii) the Group’s non-current assets (excluding the deferred tax assets and financial assets at fair
               value through profit or loss). The geographical location of customers is based on the location at which the goods
               or services are delivered. The geographical location of the non-current assets is based on the physical location of
               the asset to which they are operated or the location of the business to which they are managed.

                                                                         Revenue from
                                                                       external customers          Non-current assets
                                                                                                         At             At
                                                                   Six months ended 30 June         30 June    31 December
                                                                         2026            2025          2026           2025
                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


                   The PRC                                            2,517,635      2,506,310     9,137,280         9,081,761
                   The RSA*                                                 303              –     2,364,524           392,550
                   Other regions or countries                             2,629          3,207       489,400           463,470


                                                                      2,520,567      2,509,517   11,991,204          9,937,781


               *       The Republic of South Africa




32        KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED           Interim Report 2026
                                                               Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




4.   REVENUE

     The principal activities of the Group are the extraction and sale of coal products, sale of properties and provision
     of property management services. Revenue represents the sales value of goods supplied to customers or services
     provided to customers, excluding value-added taxes or any trade discounts.

                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                 2026            2025
                                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


      Revenue from contracts with customers
      Sale of coal products                                                                   2,227,050         2,330,318
      Property management services                                                              103,766           114,043
      Sales of properties                                                                       149,526            27,257
      Others                                                                                     40,225            37,899


                                                                                              2,520,567         2,509,517


5.   OTHER INCOMES AND LOSSES, NET

                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                 2026            2025
                                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


      Government grants                                                                          13,582            11,146
      Interest income                                                                             7,283              7,119
      Penalties                                                                                 (16,948)          (34,744)
      Impairment losses on trade and other receivables                                           (4,225)            (6,963)
      Donations                                                                                    (590)            (4,082)
      Net gains on redemption of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              708              6,095
      Loss on disposal of a subsidiary                                                                –           (10,350)
      Others                                                                                      1,909               (942)


                                                                                                  1,719           (32,721)




                                                                 KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026        33
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

          The Group’s profit before taxation was arrived at after charging:

                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2026            2025
                                                                               Note          RMB’000        RMB’000


           Cost of sales:
           – Cost of inventories sold                                                          573,723          624,523
           – Transportation and storage costs                                                  542,068          624,883
           – Cost of property management services                                               80,143           83,953


                                                                                             1,195,934        1,333,359


           Staff costs:
           – Salaries, wages, bonuses and benefits                                             354,019          335,120
           – Contributions to defined contribution plans                                        16,758           15,949
           – Equity settled share-based payment expenses                                         9,306           12,297


                                                                                               380,083          363,366


           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                        10              80,982           79,603
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                  11               4,150            3,819
           Amortisation of intangible assets                                    12              34,686           26,286


          Cost of inventories sold and cost of property management services for the six months ended 30 June 2026 included
          RMB305,993,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB289,838,000) relating to staff costs, depreciation and
          amortisation, which were included in the respective expenses disclosed above.

     7.   FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2026            2025
                                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


           Interest expenses                                                                    27,806           21,354
           Unwinding of discounts                                                               14,952           15,975


                                                                                                42,758           37,329




34        KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED      Interim Report 2026
                                                               Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




8.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

     The major components of income tax expense in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
     income were:

                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2026            2025
                                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


      Current tax – the PRC                                                                      232,144            206,369
      Deferred income tax –
        Reversal and origination of temporary differences                                         (37,833)           (14,558)


      Total tax expense for the period                                                           194,311            191,811


     (a)   Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the BVI, the Company and its subsidiaries
           either incorporated in the Cayman Islands or the British Virgin Islands were not subject to any income tax in the
           Cayman Islands and the BVI, respectively.

     (b)   Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Kingdom of Cambodia, Power Cigar Tobacco Co., Ltd. was subject
           to a rate of 20% on the taxable income.

     (c)   Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the RSA, MC Mining Limited (“MC Mining”) and its subsidiaries were
           subject to a rate of 27% on the taxable income.

     (d)   Except for Kinetic Coal, the corporate income tax was provided at a rate of 25% on the taxable income of
           the subsidiaries operating in the Mainland China, as adjusted for income and expense items which were not
           assessable or deductible for income tax purposes. Kinetic Coal was recognised as a qualified enterprise subject
           to the “Western Development Strategy” on 28 December 2023, hence it enjoys a preferential income tax rate of
           15% from 2023 to 2030.

     (e)   Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to
           foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement is
           effective from 1 January 2008 and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. A lower withholding tax rate may
           be applied if certain criteria are met. The Group is therefore subject to withholding taxes on dividends distributed
           by those subsidiaries established in the Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from 1 January 2008.
           In February 2025, the Company, Blue Gems Worldwide Limited and Kinetic (Asia) Limited obtained Hong
           Kong SAR Certificate of Resident Status for the calendar year 2025 and the two succeeding calendar years,
           respectively. As a result, under the “Arrangement between the Mainland China and Hong Kong SAR for the
           avoidance of double taxation and the prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income”, the Group
           was subject to a withholding tax rate of 5% from 2025 to 2027. The Group provided for and paid the withholding
           taxes subject to a tax rate of 5% for the six months ended 30 June 2026.




                                                                 KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026            35
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     9.   BASIC AND DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE

          The calculation of basic earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2026 is based on the profit for the
          period attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of RMB768,346,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025:
          RMB561,586,000) and the weighted average number of 8,432,228,000 shares (six months ended 30 June 2025:
          8,406,832,000 shares) during the period.

          The calculation of diluted earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2026 is based on the profit for the
          period attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Company of RMB768,346,000 (six months ended 30 June
          2025: RMB561,586,000), and the weighted average number of 8,547,624,000 shares (diluted) (six months ended 30
          June 2025: 8,437,146,000 shares (diluted)) during the period.

     10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                                                    Carrying
                                                                                                                     amount
                                                                                                     Note           RMB’000


           At 1 January 2026                                                                                        3,655,126
           Acquisition of a subsidiary                                                                29              473,362
           Additions                                                                                                  459,919
           Depreciation                                                                                               (80,982)
           Disposal                                                                                                    (2,384)
           Exchange adjustments                                                                                         4,568


           At 30 June 2026                                                                                          4,509,609


          The Group is in the process of applying for the title of certificates of certain properties with a carrying value of
          RMB589,893,000 as at 30 June 2026 (31 December 2025: RMB607,001,000). The Directors are of the view that
          the Group’s use of and operational activities at these properties remain unaffected despite the fact that the relevant
          property title certificates have not yet been obtained.




36        KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED     Interim Report 2026
                                   Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




11. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                                                   Carrying
                                                                                    amount
                                                                     Note          RMB’000


    At 1 January 2026                                                                180,670
    Additions                                                                          2,667
    Acquisition of a subsidiary                                       29               7,528
    Disposals                                                                         (2,725)
    Depreciation                                                                      (4,150)
    Exchange adjustments                                                              (1,183)


    At 30 June 2026                                                                  182,807


12. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                   Carrying
                                                                                    amount
                                                                     Note          RMB’000


    At 1 January 2026                                                              3,415,758
    Acquisition of a subsidiary                                       29           1,634,334
    Additions                                                                          1,483
    Amortisation                                                                     (34,686)
    Exchange adjustments                                                              (3,103)


    At 30 June 2026                                                                5,013,786


13. GOODWILL

                                                                                   Carrying
                                                                                    amount
                                                                     Note          RMB’000


    At 1 January 2026                                                                245,404
    Acquisition of a subsidiary                                       29              20,864


    At 30 June 2026                                                                  266,268


    Cost                                                                             459,912
    Less: Accumulated impairment                                                    (193,644)


    At 30 June 2026                                                                  266,268




                                    KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026       37
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     14. PREPAYMENTS FOR PROPOSED ACQUISITIONS

                                                                                                                               At                    At
                                                                                                                          30 June           31 December
                                                                                                                             2026                  2025
                                                                                                      Notes              RMB’000                RMB’000


           Proposed acquisition of Guizhou Liliang Energy Co., Ltd.
             (“Guizhou Liliang”)                                                                        (a)              1,080,256              1,080,256
           Proposed acquisitions with Guangzhou Seedland Real Estate
             Development Co., Ltd. (“Seedland”) and its subsidiaries                                    (b)                263,734                253,734


                                                                                                                         1,343,990              1,333,990

           Other                                                                                                               2,000                 2,000


                                                                                                                         1,345,990              1,335,990


         Notes:


         (a)      On 24 December 2021, the Group entered into an acquisition agreement with Guizhou Liliang, an entity owned by Mr. Zhang Li, to
                  acquire its 75% equity interests in Liupanshui Changlin Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. which would own the mining rights of a coal
                  mine in Guizhou upon completion of a restructuring, with a total consideration of RMB1,100,000,000. According to the acquisition
                  agreement, the Group prepaid RMB550,000,000 in 2021 and RMB530,256,000 in 2022 to Guizhou Liliang, respectively. Prior to the
                  completion of the acquisition, certain conditions shall be satisfied. If those conditions are not satisfied, the Group is entitled to require
                  Guizhou Liliang to refund any payment (without interest) which the Group had actually made to it under the acquisition agreement. The
                  recoverability of the prepayments is secured by 100% equity interests of Guizhou Liliang. This transaction is a connected and major
                  transaction and subject to the shareholders’ approval.


         (b)      Since 2022, the Group entered into a series of property purchase agreements and supplemental agreements with subsidiaries of
                  Seedland, to acquire certain properties. As at 30 June 2026, the balance of prepayments to Seedland and its subsidiaries is expected
                  to be net off with consideration of proposed acquisition of Taijing Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (“Taiyuan Seedland”). The
                  acquisition of Taiyuan Seedland was approved by independent shareholders on 20 May 2026. As at 8 July 2026, the acquisition of
                  Taiyuan Seedland has been completed and the prepayments made to Seedland and its subsidiaries have been fully offset.




38       KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED                Interim Report 2026
                                                              Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




14. PREPAYMENTS FOR PROPOSED ACQUISITIONS (Cont’d)

   On 17 February 2023, Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson and King Lok Holdings Limited, an entity then 100% owned by Mr.
   Zhang Liang, Johnson and currently 100% held by the Zhang Family Overseas Limited, a discretionary trust with Mr.
   Zhang Liang, Johnson as the settlor for the benefit of himself and his family members, agreed to pledge 5,307,450,000
   shares held by them in the Company and the interests derived therefrom as security for the performance of contractual
   obligations of Guizhou Liliang, Mr. Zhang Li and subsidiaries of Seedland under the relevant acquisitions and loan
   agreements. The share pledge arrangement serves as a security of the prepayments made for the acquisition of
   Changlin, acquisition of properties from Seedland, as well as loans to Guizhou Liliang.

   The Directors have assessed the progress of the transactions and the ability of the related parties to fulfil the obligations
   under the agreements described above and even if these transactions not completed as scheduled the counterparties
   are financially capable to repay the outstanding amounts to the Company.

15. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                                 30 June        31 December
                                                                                                    2026               2025
                                                                                 Note           RMB’000             RMB’000


    Loans to related parties                                                    27(b)             298,184            293,316
    Prepayment for acquiring of enlarged coal production capacity                                 116,788            116,788
    Performance compensation receivable                                                           113,049            113,049
    Prepayments of equipment                                                                       22,251             55,458
    Long-term deferred expense                                                                      7,044              6,671
    Subscription of shares in MC Mining to be registered                                                –             77,741
    Others                                                                                         27,612             29,255


                                                                                                  584,928            692,278

    Less: Current portion of other non-current assets                                                    –             (3,803)


    Other non-current assets                                                                      584,928            688,475




                                                                KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026              39
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     16. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                                    30 June          31 December
                                                                                                                       2026                 2025
                                                                                                 Notes             RMB’000               RMB’000


           Non-current assets
            Equity securities in investment funds                                                  (a)                 22,861                      –

           Current assets
            Trust wealth management investments                                                    (b)                 65,939              208,185

                                                                                                                       88,800              208,185

         Notes:

         (a)      These investments are unit trust investments, held by MC Mining, where the underlying funds invest in equity instruments and money
                  market instruments, both in the RSA and overseas. The equity securities in investment funds are for the rehabilitation provisions and
                  Eskom Holdings SOC Ltd (“Eskom”, state-owned power grid company in the RSA) payment and infrastructure guarantees. The
                  guarantees are provided to Eskom as a substitute for the deposits required by Eskom for infrastructure lines in the RSA.

         (b)      On 25 December 2020, the Group entered into a subscription agreement with Northern International Trust Co., Ltd. (“Northern Trust”)
                  to subscribe a trust wealth management investment amounting to RMB252,530,000 for a period of 1 year, which is redeemable on
                  demand. As at 30 June 2026, the fair value of the investment was RMB32,964,000 (31 December 2025: RMB174,447,000), which
                  invested in a corporate bond issued by Guangzhou R&F Properties Co., Ltd. (“R&F Properties”) in 2018 with an annual interest rate of
                  6.58%.

                  On 28 December 2020, the Group entered into a subscription agreement with Beijing International Trust Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Trust”)
                  to subscribe a trust wealth management investment amounting to RMB151,500,000 for a period of 10 years, which is redeemable
                  on demand. As at 30 June 2026, the fair value of the investment was RMB32,975,000 (31 December 2025: RMB33,738,000), which
                  invested in a corporate bond issued by R&F Properties in 2020 with an annual interest rate of 6.30%.


     17. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                                    30 June          31 December
                                                                                                                       2026                 2025
                                                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000


           Properties under development                                                                            2,181,274             2,417,106
           Coal products                                                                                             274,239               147,482
           Tobacco materials and products                                                                            119,168               112,275
           Raw materials, accessories and chemicals                                                                   86,624                79,685
           Others                                                                                                     40,910                40,280

                                                                                                                   2,702,215             2,796,828

           Less: Write-down of inventories                                                                          (242,886)             (266,104)

                                                                                                                   2,459,329             2,530,724




40       KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED              Interim Report 2026
                                                             Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                             30 June      31 December
                                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


    Trade debtors
    – Amount due from third parties                                                           169,055           132,784
    – Amount due from related parties                                                          66,252            48,233


                                                                                              235,307           181,017


    Other receivables
    – Prepayments and deposits                                                                277,264           243,413
    – Amount due from related parties                                                         253,100           144,426
    – Deductible input VAT                                                                    103,867           128,690
    – Others                                                                                   54,989            48,249


                                                                                              689,220           564,778


    Total                                                                                     924,527           745,795

    Less: Provision for bad debts                                                             (90,290)          (71,753)


                                                                                              834,237           674,042


   As at the end of the reporting period, the aging analysis of trade debtors, based on the invoice date and net of
   provision for bad debts was as follows:

                                                                                             30 June      31 December
                                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


    Within 1 year                                                                              50,633            62,065
    1 to 2 years                                                                               55,269            32,203
    2 to 3 years                                                                               27,988            14,311
    Over 3 years                                                                               17,913             5,332


                                                                                              151,803           113,911


   Trade debtors are generally due within 30 to 90 days from the date of billing.

   The provision for bad debts was estimated based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors
   that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions at
   the reporting date.


                                                               KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026        41
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     19. CASH AT BANK AND ON HAND AND PLEDGED AND RESTRICTED DEPOSITS

                                                                                         30 June     31 December
                                                                                            2026            2025
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


          Cash at bank and on hand                                                       456,242           81,586
          Pledged deposits                                                                28,123            8,158
          Restricted deposits                                                             41,197           10,019


                                                                                         525,562           99,763

          Less:
          – Pledged deposits for notes payable                                            (28,123)          (8,158)
          – Restricted deposits                                                           (41,197)        (10,019)


          Cash and cash equivalents                                                      456,242           81,586


         As at 30 June 2026, the cash at bank and on hand balances of the Group denominated in Renminbi amounted to
         RMB180,879,000 (31 December 2025: RMB66,909,000), and the cash at bank and on hand balances of the Group
         denominated in Hong Kong dollars amounted to RMB 217,201,000 (31 December 2025: RMB13,067,000).

         As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank balances of RMB28,123,000 (31 December 2025: RMB8,158,000) were
         deposited as guarantee funds for notes payable and bank loans.

         As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank balances of RMB38,048,000 (31 December 2025: RMB3,027,000) were
         deposited with banks as a mine environment restoration guarantee fund pursuant to the related government
         regulations.




42       KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED   Interim Report 2026
                                                                          Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




20. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                   30 June          31 December
                                                                                                                      2026                 2025
                                                                                               Notes              RMB’000               RMB’000


     Payables for construction                                                                   (a)                965,955             1,020,543
     Dividends payable                                                                                              369,964               153,806
     Tax payable other than income tax                                                                              188,304               248,409
     Amounts due to related parties                                                             27(c)               150,398               142,745
     Payables for acquisitions                                                                  27(c)               108,233               121,986
     Notes payable                                                                                                   38,737                18,772
     Other payables and accruals                                                                 (b)                427,534               451,225


                                                                                                                  2,249,125             2,157,486


   Notes:


   (a)      Payables for construction are non-interest-bearing.


            An aging analysis of the payables for construction as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                                      30 June          31 December
                                                                                                                         2026                     2025
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


             Within 1 year                                                                                            442,303               577,631
             1 to 2 years                                                                                             399,953               377,142
             Over 2 years                                                                                             123,699                 65,770


                                                                                                                      965,955             1,020,543


   (b)      Other payables and accruals which are non-interest bearing, are expected to be settled within one year or repayable on demand.




                                                                             KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026                       43
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     21. BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                                    At 30 June 2026          At 31 December 2025
                                                                  Effective                   Effective
                                                              interest rate               interest rate
                                                   Notes                (%)     RMB’000             (%)     RMB’000


          Current liabilities
          Bank loans:
          – Secured                                  (a)          5.00% to       65,703       5.00%         50,000
                                                             5.80%; South
                                                                    African
                                                                     Prime
                                                              Interest+3%


          Other borrowings:
          – Unsecured                                                9.17%       12,938         N/A              –
          – Secured                                  (b)                N/A      66,336         N/A              –


                                                                                 79,274                          –


          Long-term bank loans due within
            one year:
          – Secured                                  (c)           4.90% to     390,000       5.50%         67,000
                                                                      5.80%


                                                                                534,977                    117,000


          Non-current liabilities
          Bank loans:
          – Secured                                  (c)           4.20% to     763,938     4.90% to       755,000
                                                                      4.95%                    5.80%


          Other borrowings:
          – Secured                                  (d)             South      153,488         N/A              –
                                                                    African
                                                                     Prime
                                                                   Interest


                                                                                917,426                    755,000


          Total                                                               1,452,403                    872,000




44       KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED   Interim Report 2026
                                                                          Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




21. BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Cont’d)

   Notes:


   (a)      As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank loans amounting to RMB50,000,000, bearing interest at 5.00% per annum, were secured by the
            Group’s property, plant and equipment and guaranteed by Kinetic Coal.


            As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank loans amounting to RMB10,000,000, bearing interest at 5.80% per annum, were guaranteed by
            Kinetic Coal.


            As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank loans amounting to RMB5,703,000, bearing interest at the South African Prime interest rate plus
            3% per annum, were secured by cession of book debts, a general notarial bond over movable assets, cession of short-term insurance
            policy benefits held by MC Mining.


   (b)      As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s other borrowings amounting to RMB66,336,000, were interest-free and guaranteed by MC Mining.
            In March 2025, MC Mining entered into a settlement agreement (“Settlement Agreement”) with the lender, Industrial Development
            Corporation of South Africa Ltd. (“IDC”), which superseded the original loan facilities previously provided to MC Mining. Under the terms
            of the Settlement Agreement, no further interest will accrue on the IDC borrowings and the remaining balance of RMB66,336,000 will
            be deducted from the consideration payable for the subscription of shares in a subsidiary of MC Mining, which has yet to be settled.


   (c)      As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank loans amounting to RMB470,840,000, bearing interests ranging from 4.90% to 4.95% per
            annum, were secured by the mining right of Dafanpu Coal Mine held by Kinetic Coal.


            As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank loans amounting to RMB94,950,000, bearing interests ranging from 4.20% to 4.95% per
            annum, were guaranteed by Kinetic Coal.


            As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank loans amounting to RMB180,000,000, bearing interest at 5.80% per annum, were secured by
            the mining right of the coal mine held by Ningxia Kinetic Mining Co., Ltd. (“Ningxia Kinetic”) and property inventories held by Wuhai
            Fuliang Real Estate Development Co., Ltd..


            As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s bank loans amounting to RMB408,148,000, bearing interest at 4.20% per annum, were guaranteed
            by Kinetic Coal and Liyun (Ningxia) Energy Co., Ltd. (“Liyun Ningxia”) and secured by the equity interests in Ningxia Kinetic held by
            Liyun Ningxia and the mining right of the coal mine and the land use right held by Ningxia Kinetic.


   (d)      As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s other borrowings amounting to RMB153,488,000, bearing interest at the South African Prime interest
            rate per annum, were related to a vendor funding arrangement for the construction of the Makhado project processing plant. The
            funding arrangement is secured by the vendor’s retention of ownership rights over the funded assets acquired by MC Mining during the
            construction.




                                                                             KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026                      45
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     22. LEASE LIABILITIES

         The lease liabilities were repayable as follows:

                                                                                             30 June      31 December
                                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


          Within 1 year                                                                        28,768           27,100
          After 1 year but within 2 years                                                      13,409           26,530
          After 2 years but within 5 years                                                        822                –
          After 5 years                                                                         5,798            1,854


                                                                                               48,797           55,484


     23. LONG-TERM PAYABLES

                                                                                             30 June      31 December
                                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


          Present value of payables in relation to mining rights                              509,078          497,770
          Present value of compensation payables in relation to the demolition and
            relocation                                                                        179,561          307,424


                                                                                              688,639          805,194

          Less: Current portion of trade and other payables                                   (86,805)          (85,276)


                                                                                              601,834          719,918


     24. INTERIM DIVIDENDS

         The Board resolved to declare an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026 of HKD6.0 cents per
         share (six months ended 30 June 2025: HKD5.0 cents per share). The total amount of the interim dividends will be
         HKD515,970,480, equivalent of RMB448,146,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: HKD421,500,000, equivalent of
         RMB384,387,000). The declared interim dividends have not been recognised as a liability as at 30 June 2026.




46       KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED       Interim Report 2026
                                                                     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




25. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                                           shares              RMB’000


    Issued:

    At 1 January 2025, 31 December 2025 and 1 January 2026                                          8,430,000,000                  54,293
    Issue of new shares (Note)                                                                        169,508,000                   1,150


    At 30 June 2026                                                                                 8,599,508,000                  55,443


   The authorised share capital of the Company is USD500,000,000 consisting of 500,000,000,000 shares of USD0.001
   each.

   Note: On 10 June 2026, a total of 169,508,000 shares were duly allotted and issued at a placing price of HKD1.85 per share pursuant to the
         placing agreement and the placing generated gross proceeds of approximately HKD313.6 million, equivalent of RMB272.8 million. The
         placing generated net proceeds, after deducting fees, costs and expenses, of approximately HKD309.3 million, equivalent of RMB269.2
         million.


26. COMMITMENTS

   Capital commitments as at 30 June 2026 not accounted for were as follows:

                                                                                                           30 June         31 December
                                                                                                              2026                2025
                                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


    Authorised and contracted for acquisition, construction and procurement of
      mining machinery and properties                                                                       656,720              851,511




                                                                       KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026                    47
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     27. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES

         During the six months ended 30 June 2026, transactions with the following parties were considered as related party
         transactions.

             Name of related parties                                                                Relationship


             Mr. Zhang Li                                                                           A substantial shareholder of the Company

             Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson                                                               A party interested in 61.72% issued shares
                                                                                                      of the Company held through King Lok
                                                                                                      Holdings Limited (Note)

             Mr. Ju Wenzhong                                                                        Chairman and Executive Director

             Shenhua Zhunneng Xiaojia Shayan Coal Storage and Delivery Limited                      An associate of the Group
               (“Xiaojia”) (神華准能肖家沙 煤炭集運有限責任公司)*

             Seedland (實地地產集團有限公司)* and its subsidiaries                                            Controlled by Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson

             R&F Properties (廣州富力地產股份有限公司)* and its subsidiaries                                    Mr. Zhang Li is one of major shareholders

             Guangzhou Puji Properties Agency Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Puji”)                          Controlled by Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson
              (廣州普及房地產代理有限公司)*

             Wealth Galaxy Limited                                                                  Controlled by Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson

             Seedland Smart Service Group Limited                                                   Controlled by Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson

             Zhuhai Seedland Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (珠海實地房地產                             Controlled by Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson
               開發有限公司)*

         *       The English translation of the respective company name is for reference only. The official name of the company is in Chinese only.


         Note: The entire issued share capital of King Lok Holdings Limited is held by The Zhang Family Overseas Limited, a discretionary trust with
                 Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson as the settlor for the benefit of himself and his family members.




48       KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED              Interim Report 2026
                                                                     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




27. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Cont’d)

   (a)   Transactions with related parties

                                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2026            2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


          Loading services from Xiaojia                                                                     75,479               58,032
          Lease services from Wealth Galaxy Limited                                                              –               19,652
          Provision of property management services to Seedland                                             19,634               27,439


                                                                                                            95,113             105,123


   (b)   Amounts due from related parties

                                                                                                         30 June         31 December
                                                                                                            2026                2025
                                                                                       Note             RMB’000              RMB’000


          Other non-current assets (including current portion)
          – Loans to a related party (Note)                                             15                298,184              293,316

          Prepayments for proposed acquisitions                                         14              1,343,990            1,333,990

          Trade and other receivables
          – Amounts due from Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson and/or Mr.
              Zhang Li and the related entities                                       27(c)(i)            312,344              192,659


                                                                                                        1,954,518            1,819,965


         Note: As at 30 June 2026, the principal of loan to Guizhou Liliang and related interest receivable was RMB298,184,000 (31 December
               2025: RMB293,316,000). The interest income on these loans for the period ended 30 June 2026 was RMB6,237,000 (six
               months ended 30 June 2025: RMB5,870,000). The principal amount of the loan together with all the outstanding interest
               payables thereon shall be fully repaid on the due date in 2027.




                                                                        KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026                 49
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     27. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Cont’d)

         (c)   Amounts due to related parties

                                                                                                                30 June          31 December
                                                                                                                   2026                 2025
                                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


                Xiaojia                                                                                             3,253                 4,698
                Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson and/or Mr. Zhang Li and
                  the related entities (Note)                                                                    255,378               260,033


                                                                                                                 258,631               264,731


               Note: As at 30 June 2026, the amounts due from and to Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson and/or Mr. Zhang Li and the related entities
                     primarily represented the consideration payables of acquisitions and those amounts due to/from the related parties recorded by
                     the acquirees.


               Amounts due to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

         (d)   Key management personnel remuneration of the Group

               Remuneration for directors and key management personnel of the Group is as follows:

                                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                  2026            2025
                                                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


                Short-term employee benefits                                                                       21,574               16,543
                Contribution to defined contribution retirement plan                                                  610                  655
                Share-based payments                                                                                  984                1,036


                Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                                23,168               18,234




50       KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED          Interim Report 2026
                                                                Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




28. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT

   Fair value hierarchy

   The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s financial instruments measured at the end of the reporting
   period on a recurring basis, categorized into three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value
   measurement. The level into which a fair value is classified is determined with reference to the observability and
   significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique as follows:

   Level 1    –      based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

   Level 2    –      based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                     measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

   Level 3    –      based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                     measurement is unobservable

                                                       Fair value at             Fair value measurements as at
                                                            30 June              30 June 2026 categorised into
                                                               2026             Level 1         Level 2        Level 3
                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


    Recurring fair value measurements

    Assets:
      Performance compensation receivable                    113,049                    –                   –           113,049
      Trust wealth management investments                     65,939                    –                   –            65,939
      Equity securities in investment funds                   22,861                    –                   –            22,861


                                                        Fair value at             Fair value measurements as at
                                                       31 December              31 December 2025 categorised into
                                                                2025            Level 1          Level 2          Level 3
                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000


    Recurring fair value measurements

    Assets:
      Performance compensation receivable                    113,049                    –                   –           113,049
      Trust wealth management investments                    208,185                    –                   –           208,185


   The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation
   techniques. These techniques maximise the use of relevant observable inputs and minimise the use of unobservable
   inputs. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in Level 2. If
   one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in Level 3.



                                                                  KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026               51
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     28. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (Cont’d)

         During the six months ended 30 June 2026, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or
         out of Level 3.

         During the six months ended 30 June 2026, there were net loss amounting to RMB141,892,000 arising from the fair
         value changes of the trust wealth management and equity securities in investment funds as a result of the market price
         movements.

         The movement during the six months ended 30 June 2026 in the balance of Level 3 fair value measurements is as
         follows:

                                                                                                    At 30 June          At 30 June
                                                                                                          2026                2025
                                                                                      Note           RMB’000             RMB’000


          At the beginning                                                                             208,185            228,911
          Acquisition of a subsidiary                                                   29              28,013                   –
          Additions                                                                                      5,569                   –
          Changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss during the period                        (141,892)            (30,186)
          Redemption of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                          (11,447)                  –
          Exchange adjustments                                                                             372                   –


                                                                                                        88,800            198,725


         Except for the above mentioned, there were no other financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value at the end of
         the reporting period.

         The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at amortised cost were not materially different from
         their fair values as at 30 June 2026. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

         The fair values of cash at bank and on hand, financial assets included in trade and other receivables, financial liabilities
         included in trade and other payables and interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings approximate to their
         carrying amounts largely due to the short-term maturities of these instruments.

         The fair values of the non-current portion of lease liabilities have been calculated by discounting the expected future
         cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities.




52       KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED       Interim Report 2026
                                                              Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




29. ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY

   Acquisition of MC Mining

   The Group entered into a share subscription agreement on 28 August 2024 and subsequently executed an
   amendment to the agreement on 28 February 2025. The acquisition of MC Mining was completed in April 2026 and
   was achieved in stages, upon which the Group holds 51% of equity interests in MC Mining. Upon completion of the
   acquisition, MC Mining became an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. The last tranche of subscription
   consideration of approximately USD6,030,000 (equivalent to RMB41,437,000) has been fully paid.

   MC Mining is a limited company incorporated in Australia. Its common shares are primarily listed on the Australian
   Securities Exchange, with a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange in the RSA. The principal activities
   of MC Mining and its subsidiaries are the acquisition, exploration, development and operation of metallurgical and
   thermal coal projects in the RSA.

   The acquisition of MC Mining and its subsidiaries contributed consolidated revenue of RMB303,000 and consolidated
   net loss of RMB19,185,000 to the Group for the period from the acquisition date to 30 June 2026.

                                                                                                           Acquisition date
                                                                                                                  RMB’000


    Cash consideration                                                                                                41,437
    Fair value of interests in an associate (namely, MC Mining) before acquisition                                   585,910
    Non-controlling interests                                                                                      1,187,610
    Less: Fair value of total identified net assets                                                               (1,794,093)


    Goodwill                                                                                                          20,864


    Cash consideration                                                                                                 41,437
    Less: Cash at bank and on hand of acquiree                                                                        (21,599)


    Net cash outflow arising from the acquisition of MC Mining                                                        19,838


   The goodwill arising from the acquisition is attributable to the anticipated future benefits following the acquisition of the
   equity interests in MC Mining. None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.




                                                                KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026              53
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     29. ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY (Cont’d)

         The consolidated assets and liabilities arising from the acquisition of MC Mining and its subsidiaries were as follows:

                                                                                                                 Fair value at the
                                                                                                                 acquisition date
                                                                                                                         RMB’000


          Property, plant and equipment                                                                                    473,362
          Right-of-use assets                                                                                                7,528
          Intangible assets                                                                                              1,634,334
          Deferred tax assets                                                                                                3,329
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                             28,013
          Inventories                                                                                                        3,814
          Trade and other receivables                                                                                       17,337
          Pledged and restricted deposits                                                                                      174
          Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                          21,599
          Trade and other payables                                                                                         (53,749)
          Bank loans and other borrowings                                                                                  (70,449)
          Lease liabilities                                                                                                 (5,149)
          Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                        (210,430)
          Accrual for reclamation costs                                                                                    (55,620)


          Total identifiable net assets                                                                                  1,794,093


         The fair value of the total identifiable assets and liabilities acquired in the acquisition of MC Mining and its subsidiaries
         was determined based on independent valuation conducted by an external valuer using discounted cash flow for
         intangible assets and cost method for all other assets and liabilities.

     30. EQUITY SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS

         On 2 January 2026, a total of 23,000,000 awarded shares were granted to a service provider of the Company under
         the 2022 Share Award Scheme, which was adopted by the Company on 29 November 2022. Each awarded share
         entitles the holder to subscribe for one ordinary share of the Company at an exercise price of HKD Nil. All awarded
         shares granted vested in full on 8 July 2026.

     31. APPROVAL OF UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT

         The unaudited interim financial report was approved and authorised for issue by the Board on 24 August 2026.




54       KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED       Interim Report 2026
                                                           Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




32. EVENTS AFTER REPORTING PERIOD

   (a)   After the end of the reporting period, the Board resolved to declare an interim dividend, further details are
         disclosed in Note 24.

   (b)   On 13 August 2026, the Group and MC Mining further entered into another share subscription agreement,
         pursuant to which the Group has agreed to subscribe for and purchase (i) 38,295,836 new shares of MC Mining
         at a price of US$0.2089 per share for a consideration of US$8,000,000 (the “First Closing”); and (ii) 38,295,836
         new shares at a price of US$0.2089 per share for a consideration of US$8,000,000 (the “Second Closing”).
         In order to provide MC Mining with funds needed for its business operations and working capital requirements
         in advance of the First Closing, on the same day, the Company entered into a bridge loan agreement with MC
         Mining, pursuant to which the Company has agreed to lend to MC Mining an aggregate sum of US$8,000,000,
         with all the outstanding amounts of the bridge loan to be applied to offset the consideration of First Closing
         payable to MC Mining under the share subscription agreement at the First Closing. At the Second Closing, the
         Group will settle an aggregate sum of US$8,000,000 to MC Mining. The further subscription of shares in MC
         Mining by the Group further strengthens its investment position in MC Mining.

   Save as disclosed above, the Group had no significant non-adjusting events subsequent to 30 June 2026.

33. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
    ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026

   A number of amendments and new standards are not yet mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2026.
   Earlier application is permitted; however, the Group has not early adopted any new or amended standards in preparing
   this interim financial report.

   The following updates the information provided in the last annual financial statements about the possible impacts of
   HKFRS 18 which may have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements when adopted.

   HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements

   HKFRS 18 will replace HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements, and is first effective for annual reporting periods
   beginning on or after 1 January 2027.

   HKFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation and disclosure in financial statements, including new
   categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss, enhanced requirements for aggregation and
   disaggregation of information, and specific disclosures about management-defined performance measures. The
   Group is assessing the expected impact that the initial application of HKFRS 18 will have on its consolidated financial
   statements.

   The Group expects that the adoption of HKFRS 18 will not change the Group’s net assets or net profit. However,
   it is expected to affect the presentation of the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss and related note
   disclosures. Based on the work performed to date, the Group’s assessment of the expected impact of the initial
   application of HKFRS 18 is summarised below. The assessment remains subject to change as the Group continues its
   implementation work.



                                                             KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026           55
     Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




     33. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
         ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026
         (Cont’d)

         HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements (Cont’d)

         (a)   Structure of the statement of profit or loss

               HKFRS 18 requires entities to classify income and expenses into specified categories in the statement of profit or
               loss, including operating, investing, and financing categories. It also requires entities to present two newly defined
               subtotals: “operating profit” and “profit or loss before financing and income taxes”. The operating profit subtotal
               is expected to differ from the current profit from operations subtotal presented by the Group. Based on the work
               performed to date, the Group also expects the following changes to the consolidated statement of profit or loss:

               •     Classification of income and expenses depends on the Group’s main business activities. The Group
                     expects to classify the income and expenses from investing activities included in the operating category
                     and therefore they will be included in the new “operating profit” subtotal;

               •     Interest income, which is currently presented in the Group’s other incomes and losses, net subtotal, as well
                     as the share of profits less losses of associates, fair values changes of financial assets and gains or losses
                     on acquisition/disposal of subsidiaries are expected to be classified in the investing category. The income
                     and expenses classified in the investing category, together with the subtotal “operating profit”, will form the
                     new subtotal “profit or loss before financing and income taxes”;

               •     The Group is assessing the classification of income and expenses as currently included in the finance
                     cost line item and expects that this line item will be disaggregated into “income and expenses on liabilities
                     arising from transactions that involve only the raising of finance” and “interest expenses on other liabilities”
                     in the financing category;

               •     The Group is required to assess the classification of foreign exchange differences in the same category
                     as the income and expenses from the items giving rise to the differences, unless doing so would involve
                     undue cost or effort; and

               •     The Group currently presents operating expenses by function. The Group is assessing whether its current
                     presentation, or a mixed presentation by nature and function, will provide the most useful structured
                     summary of its operating expenses under HKFRS 18. If the Group continues to present one or more
                     operating expense line items by function, information about five specific expenses by nature will be
                     provided in a single note to the financial statements.




56       KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED       Interim Report 2026
                                                             Notes to the Unaudited Interim Financial Report




33. POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS
    ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026
    (Cont’d)

   HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements (Cont’d)

   (b)   Management-defined performance measures (“MPMs”)

         MPMs are subtotals of income and expenses used in public communications outside the financial statements
         that communicate management’s view of an aspect of the financial performance of the entity as a whole to users.
         The Group is developing a process to identify its public communications and assess whether other measures
         reported in those communications meet the definition of an MPM.

         The Group will be required to disclose specific information about MPMs in a single note in the financial
         statements. The MPMs disclosed by the Group following adoption of HKFRS 18 will be determined based on
         public communications issued by the Group relating to the same reporting period.

   (c)   Principles of aggregation and disaggregation

         HKFRS 18 provides enhanced principles on how to group information in the financial statements, including
         the primary financial statements and the notes. It also introduces guidance on labelling and describing items
         presented in the primary financial statements or disclosed in the notes.

         The Group has consistently applied the principles of aggregating and disaggregating items on the basis of similar
         and dissimilar characteristics. The Group is also assessing line items currently labelled as “other” across the
         primary financial statements and the notes and expects to use more informative labels where material information
         would otherwise be obscured.

   HKFRS 18 also introduces consequential amendments to HKAS 7, Statement of cash flows. The Group is assessing
   the impact of those amendments, including the requirement to use the newly defined operating profit subtotal as the
   starting point for the statement of cash flows when presenting operating cash flows under the indirect method and the
   classification of interest and dividend cash flows.

   The actual impact of applying HKFRS 18 may change as the Group continues to assess the new requirements and
   finalises any changes to its reporting processes, controls and accounting policies before the date of initial application.




                                                               KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026            57
     Other Information



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     Corporate Governance Code

     As the Company believes that sound corporate governance is essential to protecting the interests of its shareholders, the
     Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance practices by placing strong emphasis on a
     quality Board, sound internal controls and effective accountability to the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

     On 15 July 2026, the Board also approved amendments to the terms of reference of the Audit Committee, Nomination
     Committee and Remuneration Committee to reflect the latest requirements under the Corporate Governance Code. The
     updated terms of reference further enhance the committees’ clarity of roles and strengthen oversight in areas including risk
     management, board diversity and remuneration governance, reinforcing the Company’s commitment to maintaining high
     standards of corporate governance.

     The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code as set
     out in part 2 of Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

     Directors’ and Relevant Employees’ Securities Transactions

     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as
     set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct regarding directors’ securities transactions.

     All the directors of the Company have confirmed, following specific enquiries by the Company, that they have fully complied
     with the required standards set out in the Model Code and the Company’s code of conduct for the six months ended 30
     June 2026.

     Relevant employees who are likely to be in possession of inside information of the Group are also subject to compliance with
     the written guidelines on terms no less exacting than the required standards set out in the Model Code. Each of the relevant
     employees has been given a copy of the written guidelines.

     No incident of non-compliance with these guidelines by the relevant employees was identified by the Company.

     AUDIT COMMITTEE

     The Audit Committee comprises two independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. Liu Peilian and Mr. Chen Liangnuan
     and one non-executive Director, Ms. Zhang Lin. Ms. Liu Peilian is the chairlady of the Audit Committee, who possesses the
     appropriate professional qualification on accounting or related financial management expertise. The principal duties of the
     Audit Committee include the review and supervision of the Group’s financial reporting process and internal control system.
     The Audit Committee has reviewed the interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026.




58        KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED      Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                     Other Information




PLACING OF NEW SHARES

On 10 June 2026, the Company completed the placing of 169,508,000 new shares (the “Placing Shares”) at a placing
price of HK$1.85 per share pursuant to the placing agreement (the “Placing”’). The number of the Placing Shares represents
approximately 1.97% of the enlarged total number of issued shares upon the completion of the Placing. As all conditions to
the Placing had been satisfied, the Placing Shares were successfully placed by the sole placing agent to not less than six
placees who, to the best knowledge, information and belief of the Directors after making all reasonable enquiries, together
with their respective ultimate beneficial owners, are independent third parties. None of the placees became a substantial
shareholder of the Company upon completion. The Placing generated net proceeds of approximately HK$309.3 million,
which strengthened the Group’s liquidity position during the period.

The intended use of proceeds remained consistent with the disclosure set out in the placing announcement dated 3 June
2026. The table below sets out the actual utilisation of the net proceeds up to 30 June 2026.

                                                                                           Actual
                                                                  Planned        utilisation up to            Unutilised
 Intended use of the net proceeds                               allocation          30 June 2026               balance


 Procurement for the mining and transportation               Approximately          Approximately         Approximately
   operations of our subsidiary in South Africa            HK$101.9 million         HK$0.4 million      HK$101.5 million

 Supplement of working capital of MC Mining Limited,         Approximately         Approximately          Approximately
   a 51% non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group           HK$78.4 million       HK$30.5 million        HK$47.9 million

 Equipment procurement and operating expenses in             Approximately          Approximately         Approximately
   relation to the Group’s rutile mine project in Sierra    HK$78.4 million         HK$9.9 million       HK$68.5 million
   Leone

 General working capital required for other project          Approximately         Approximately          Approximately
  developments and other general corporate                  HK$50.7 million       HK$14.9 million        HK$35.8 million
  purposes


                                                             Approximately         Approximately          Approximately
                                                           HK$309.3 million       HK$55.7 million       HK$253.6 million



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

Save as the Placing, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
listed securities during the six months ended 30 June 2026.




                                                                KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026         59
     Other Information




     DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS

     Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in the Shares, Underlying Shares and
     Debentures

     As at 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares,
     underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
     Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed
     to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the
     Company under section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

     Long position in the ordinary shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                      Number of                    percentage of
      Name of Directors                             Capacity/Type of interests                   ordinary shares                    shareholding Note 1


      Mr. Ju Wenzhong                               Beneficial interests                               16,821,659 Note 2                    0.20%

      Mr. Li Bo                                     Beneficial interests                                 9,151,886 Note 3                   0.11%

      Mr. Ji Kunpeng                                Beneficial interests                                 5,000,000 Note 4                   0.06%

      Ms. Xue Hui                                   Beneficial interests                                 3,860,055                          0.04%

     Notes:


     1.       The calculation is based on the total number of issued ordinary shares of 8,599,508,000 shares as at 30 June 2026.


     2.       The interest comprises 11,821,659 issued shares and 5,000,000 underlying shares in respect of the outstanding awarded shares which
              remained unvested under the 2023 Share Award Scheme. Details of the awarded shares granted to Mr. Ju Wenzhong are set out under “GRANT
              OF SHARE AWARDS UNDER THE 2023 SHARE AWARD SCHEME”.


     3.       The interest comprises 4,151,886 issued shares and 5,000,000 underlying shares in respect of the outstanding awarded shares which
              remained unvested under the 2023 Share Award Scheme. Details of the awarded shares granted to Mr. Li Bo are set out under “GRANT OF
              SHARE AWARDS UNDER THE 2023 SHARE AWARD SCHEME”.


     4.       The interest comprises 5,000,000 underlying shares in respect of the outstanding awarded shares which remained unvested under the 2023
              Share Award Scheme. Details of the awarded shares granted to Mr. Ji Kunpeng are set out under “GRANT OF SHARE AWARDS UNDER THE
              2023 SHARE AWARD SCHEME”.




60            KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED            Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                      Other Information




Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, there was no other Directors or the chief executive of the Company or any
of their associates who had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company
or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions
which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required to be recorded in the
register required to be kept by the Company pursuant section 352 of the SFO, or which were required to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures

At no time during the six months ended 30 June 2026 was the Company, its subsidiaries, its associate, its fellow subsidiaries
or its holding company a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or chief executive of the Company (including
their spouse and children under 18 years of age) to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures
of, the Company or any other body corporate.

Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in the Shares and Underlying Shares

So far as known to the Directors and chief executive of the Company, as at 30 June 2026, the persons or corporations (except
the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interest or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of
the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions
2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were required to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
under section 336 of the SFO were as follows:




                                                                KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026           61
     Other Information




     Long position in the ordinary shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                    Approximate
      Name of substantial                                                                             Number of                    percentage of
      shareholders                                  Capacity/Type of interests                   ordinary shares                    shareholding Note 1


      Mr. Zhang Li                                  Beneficial interests                              952,682,000                         11.08%
                                                    Interest of spouseNote 2                            2,800,000                          0.03%

      Madam Liao Dong Fen                           Beneficial Interests                                2,800,000                          0.03%
                                                    Interest of spouseNote 3                          952,682,000                         11.08%

      Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson                      Founder of a discretionary                      5,307,450,000                         61.72%
                                                      trust who can influence how
                                                      the trustee exercises his
                                                      discretionNote 4

      TMF (Cayman) Ltd.                             TrusteeNote 4                                   5,307,450,000                         61.72%

      The Zhang Family Overseas                     Interest in a controlled                        5,307,450,000                         61.72%
        Limited                                        corporationNote 4

      King Lok Holdings Limited                     Beneficial interestsNote 4                      5,307,450,000                         61.72%

     Notes:


     1.       The calculation is based on the total number of issued ordinary shares of 8,599,508,000 shares as at 30 June 2026.


     2.       Mr. Zhang Li is the spouse of Madam Liao Dong Fen. Accordingly, under the SFO, Mr. Zhang Li is deemed to be interested in the 2,800,000
              ordinary shares of the Company held by Madam Liao Dong Fen.


     3.       Madam Liao Dong Fen is the spouse of Mr. Zhang Li. Accordingly, under the SFO, Madam Liao Dong Fen is deemed to be interested in the
              952,682,000 ordinary shares of the Company held by Mr. Zhang Li.


     4.       The entire issued share capital of King Lok Holdings Limited, which directly holds 5,307,450,000 ordinary shares in the Company, is held by
              The Zhang Family Overseas Limited, a discretionary family trust with Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson as settlor for the benefit of Mr. Zhang Liang,
              Johnson and his family members, which is 100% owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd., the trustee of The Zhang Family Overseas Limited. Therefore,
              The Zhang Family Overseas Limited, TMF (Cayman) Ltd. and Mr. Zhang Liang, Johnson are all deemed to be interested in the ordinary shares
              of the Company held by King Lok Holdings Limited.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, the Directors and chief executive of the Company were not aware of any other
     person or corporation (except the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had any interests or short positions in
     the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were required to be recorded in the register
     required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.




62            KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED            Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                    Other Information




2022 SHARE AWARD SCHEME

The Company has approved and adopted a share award scheme on 29 November 2022 (the “2022 Share Award
Scheme”), which allows the Company to grant awards involving existing shares to eligible participants.

The total number of shares in respect of which awards may be granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme shall not
exceed 843,000,000, representing 10% of the shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of approval of the
adoption of the 2022 Share Award Scheme.

The total number of shares in respect of which awards may be granted to the service providers under the 2022 Share Award
Scheme shall not exceed 84,300,000, representing 1% of the shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of
approval of the adoption of the 2022 Share Award Scheme.

Grant and Vest of Share Awards Under the 2022 Share Award Scheme

On 2 January 2026, the Group has granted an aggregate of 23,000,000 awarded shares to a service provider of the
Company, in recognition of its consultancy service provided to the Group during the year, in accordance with the terms of
the 2022 Share Award Scheme, which is funded by existing shares of the Company. All awards granted to such service
provider has vested at one go on 8 July 2026.

Save as the above grants, during the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company did not grant or vest any further awards
under the 2022 Share Award Scheme.

The total number of shares in respect of which awards may be granted under the 2022 Share Award Scheme was
843,000,000 at the beginning of the reporting period and 820,000,000 at the end of the reporting period, representing
approximately 9.54% of the total number of issued shares (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of this interim report.
The total number of shares in respect of which awards may be granted under the service provider sublimit was 84,300,000
at the beginning of the reporting period and 61,300,000 at the end of the reporting period.

2023 SHARE OPTION SCHEME AND 2023 SHARE AWARD SCHEME

The Company has approved and adopted a new share option scheme (the “2023 Share Option Scheme”) and another
new share award scheme (the “2023 Share Award Scheme”) on 22 May 2023 (the “Adoption Date”).

The total number of shares which may be issued in respect of all options and awards to be granted under the 2023 Share
Option Scheme, the 2023 Share Award Scheme and any other schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed
843,000,000, representing 10% of the shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the Adoption Date.

The total number of shares which may be issued in respect of all options and awards to be granted to the service providers
under the 2023 Share Option Scheme, the 2023 Share Award Scheme and any other schemes of the Company shall not in
aggregate exceed 84,300,000, representing 1% of the shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the Adoption Date.




                                                               KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026          63
     Other Information




     Grant of Share Awards Under the 2023 Share Award Scheme

     On 6 January 2025, the Company granted an aggregate of 263,500,000 awarded shares to employee participants under
     the 2023 Share Award Scheme, representing approximately 3.13% of the total issued shares (excluding treasury shares) as
     at the date of the grant. Among these, 15,000,000 awarded shares were granted to three executive Directors, namely Mr.
     Ju Wenzhong (Chairman), Mr. Li Bo (Chief Executive Officer), and Mr. Ji Kunpeng, with each receiving 5,000,000 awarded
     shares. The remaining 248,500,000 awarded shares were granted to employee participants who are employees of the
     Group but not Directors, chief executives nor substantial shareholders of the Company, or their respective associates (as
     defined in the Listing Rules). The grant of the awarded shares to the Director grantees was approved by the independent
     non-executive Directors in accordance with Rule 17.04(1) of the Listing Rules. All awards granted to all employee participants
     will vest at one go on 6 January 2028. The awards were granted without performance targets. In view that (i) the grantees
     are employees of the Group who will contribute directly to the overall business performance, sustainable development
     and/or good corporate governance of the Group; (ii) the grant is a recognition for the grantees’ past contributions to the
     Group; and (iii) the Awards are subject to certain vesting conditions and terms of the 2023 Share Award Scheme, which
     already cover situations where the Awards will lapse in the event that the grantees cease to be employees of the Group, the
     Remuneration Committee is of the view that the grant of Awards to Employee Participants without performance targets is
     market competitive and aligns with the purpose of the 2023 Share Award Scheme. The awards are also subject to clawback
     provisions in accordance with the Company’s policy. The grant of awards will be satisfied by issuance of new shares under
     the scheme mandate limit. During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Company did not grant any awards under the
     2023 Share Award Scheme.

     As at 30 June 2026, the Company has not granted any share options under the 2023 Share Option Scheme. As at the
     date of this interim report, there are still 579,500,000 shares available for future grants to be satisfied by new shares under
     the 2023 Share Option Scheme, the 2023 Share Award Scheme and any other schemes of the Company, representing
     approximately 6.74% of the issued shares (excluding treasury shares) as at the date of this interim report.

                                                                                                                Number of unvested awarded shares
                                                                                          As at      Granted            Vested         Lapsed       Cancelled          As at
      Category                                                                        1 January        during            during         during          during      30 June
      of participants        Date of grant    Vesting period     Purchase price            2026    the period        the period     the period      the period         2026


      Directors:
      Mr. Ju Wenzhong        6 January 2025   6 January 2028     HK$1.00 per share     5,000,000           –                 –              –               –      5,000,000
      Mr. Li Bo              6 January 2025   6 January 2028     HK$1.00 per share     5,000,000           –                 –              –               –      5,000,000
      Mr. Ji Kunpeng         6 January 2025   6 January 2028     HK$1.00 per share     5,000,000           –                 –              –               –      5,000,000

      Employees (excluding   6 January 2025   6 January 2028     HK$1.00 per share   248,500,000           –                 –              –               –    248,500,000
        directors)


      Total                                                                          263,500,000           –                 –              –               –    263,500,000




64            KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED                Interim Report 2026
                                                                                                      Other Information




The closing price of the shares immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was HKD1.28. The fair value
of awards at the date of grant was approximately HK$49.5 million. A portion of this amount, totaling approximately RMB9.3
million, was amortized during the period in accordance with HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment. The fair value of the awards
was measured using Black-Scholes model, taking into account factors such as the share price at the grant date, expected
volatility, risk-free interest rate, and the vesting conditions.

The valuation also considered the features of the awards, including the expected dividend yield. As the awarded shares
do not carry dividend rights prior to vesting, the expected dividends were incorporated into the fair value measurement by
applying a discount to reflect the absence of dividend entitlement during the vesting period.

The number of options and awards available for grant under the 2023 Share Option Scheme, the 2023 Share Award Scheme
and any other schemes of the Company was 579,500,000 at both the beginning and the end of the reporting period. The
number of options and awards available for grant under the service provider sublimit was 84,300,000 at both the beginning
and the end of the reporting period.

The Company granted an aggregate of 263,500,000 awarded shares under the 2023 Share Award Scheme on 6 January
2025. These awarded shares will be satisfied by the issuance of new shares and represent approximately 3.06% of the
number of 8,599,508,000 shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at 30 June 2026.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the six months ended 30 June 2026, none of the Directors or their close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules)
has any other interests in any business apart from the Group’s business which competes or is likely to compete, either
directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND COMMITMENTS

The Group incurred capital expenditure of approximately RMB480.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, mainly
relating to the purchase of machinery and equipment, as well as the construction and development of the Yong’an Coal
Mine and the Weiyi Coal Mine, the Makhado Project in the RSA, the rutile mine project in Sierra Leone, and other ongoing
projects. These capital expenditures were financed by a combination of interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings,
internal resources and proceeds of issuance of new shares.

The Group’s capital commitments as at 30 June 2026 amounted to approximately RMB656.7 million, which is mainly for
the purpose of the acquisition, purchase of machinery and equipment and construction of the Yong’an Coal Mine, Weiyi
Coal Mine the Makhado Project in the RSA, the rutile mine project in Sierra Leone, and other ongoing projects. These capital
expenditures will be financed by a combination of interest-bearing bank loans and internal resources.

According to the Group’s production plan for the coming years, underground extraction activities will extend into agricultural
land currently occupied by various domestic households. As a result, the Group’s management has been engaging with
affected households regarding relocation arrangements and offering monetary compensation. As of 30 June 2026, the
Group had recognised estimated future compensation obligations in relation to this matter, while the payment terms
remained under negotiation.




                                                                 KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED Interim Report 2026           65
     Other Information




     FOREIGN CURRENCY RISK

     The Company and its subsidiaries are not exposed to significant foreign currency risk since their transactions and balances
     are principally denominated in their respective functional currencies.




66        KINETIC DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED     Interim Report 2026
