                  CGI Group Inc.




             2017 Annual Report


   CGI’s 2017 Annual Report is comprised
          of two separate volumes:


       Volume 1: 2017 Annual Review
                               &
       Volume 2: Fiscal 2017 Results



Volume 1 of the Annual Report
     follows this page.
         (this page does not part of the Annual Report)
 2017
ANNUAL
REVIEW




 Local experts.
 Global insights.
         Welcome to
   the 2017 Annual Review
Since our founding in 1976, CGI professionals have worked
side-by-side with clients to help maximize the technologies that
transform their business. No matter the market dynamics and
economic conditions, we have applied innovation, high‑quality
delivery and sound management practices to help build industry
leaders. Driven to help clients succeed, this commitment has led
to CGI being one of the largest IT and business consulting
services firms in the world.

We are pleased to present our partnerships with clients, the
commitment of our members, our performance for shareholders,
and our engagement with communities in this 2017 edition of our
Annual Review.
CGI by the numbers
Building on more than four decades of sustained growth

              CGI is one of the few firms with the scale,
              reach and capabilities to meet clients’ digital
              transformation needs. We provide innovative,
              end‑to‑end IT and business consulting services
              from a mix of client‑proximity locations and domestic
              and global delivery centers across hundreds of
              locations around the world.




                                                                       Global
                                                                      footprint
    71,000                        Industry                       representing 81%
 professionals                   segments                           of IT spend
                                 covering a                         worldwide
                                 majority of                                                      150+
                                  IT spend                                                      IP-based
                                                                                                solutions
                                 worldwide



              Fiscal 2017 highlights
              Financial strength is one of our core values. It enables us to deliver on our
              promises to our stakeholders: to continue serving as a partner and expert of
              choice for our clients; to provide a place in which our professionals can build
              a career; and to be an investment of choice for our shareholders.

                                                                                 Cash flow
                                          Net                  EPS                 from
   Revenue          Bookings            earnings             (diluted)           operations

   $10.8B            $11.3B               $1.0B                $3.41                $1.4B


              Since our initial public offering (IPO)
              in 1986, CGI stock has returned an                             71,000
              average of 18% per year.                                       $10.8B
                                                                             $64.70*

                                                        26,000
                                                        $3.7B
                                   4,000
               720                                      $11.39*
                                   $232M
               $40M                                                       2017
                                   $4.78*
               $0.27*


                                                    2007
                                                                           *Adjusted for stock splits
                               1997
             1987
     5,000
clients globally                                  One of the largest
    using our                                      IT and business
   end-to-end                                    consulting services
    services                                      firms in the world
                   Global delivery
                     capabilities
                       onshore,
                      nearshore
                    and offshore




                     Investments to benefit all stakeholders
                     CGI focuses on targeted investments to strengthen our market position
                     as a global, end-to-end IT and business consulting services leader,
                     and to fuel the growth required to meet the expectations of each
                     of our three stakeholders.

                     $315M invested in operations
                     • Evolution of CGI’s IP portfolio into a SaaS model
                     • Consolidation and retirement of assets and leveraging cloud‑based
                       technologies
                     • Innovation fund for new contract investments

                     $307M invested in metro market-focused acquisitions
                     • Collaborative Consulting, Boston
                     • CTS, Birmingham
                     • ECS Team, Denver
                     • Summa Technologies, Pittsburgh

                     Share repurchase
                     Investing capital back into the business to maximize shareholder return
                     • Total Class A shares repurchased: 19,929,268
                     • Average share price: $62.55
                     • Total investment: $1.2B




                     All figures in Canadian dollars
                                                                          2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




     CONTENTS
2    Inspired by a Dream. Built to grow and last.
     Serge Godin, Founder and Executive Chairman of the Board
     George D. Schindler, President and Chief Executive Officer
     Julie Godin, Vice-Chair of the Board and Executive Vice‑President,
     Chief Planning and Administration Officer

6    CGI Constitution and Management Foundation


     Our commitment
10   We listen.

16   We innovate and lead.

34   We deliver.


     About CGI
40   Leadership team

42   Global footprint

44   Our communities




                                                                                         1
    Serge Godin             George D. Schindler   Julie Godin
    Founder and Executive   President and Chief   Vice-Chair of the Board and
    Chairman of the Board   Executive Officer     Executive Vice-President,
                                                  Chief Planning and
                                                  Administration Officer




    Inspired by a Dream.
    Built to grow and last.
    Every day around the world, we partner with our clients
       to turn rapid change into measurable opportunity.
    Through our client-proximity business model, we work
       side-by-side with them, drawing upon our global
     capabilities to help identify, develop, implement and
    operate the innovative strategies and solutions needed
        to meet their customer and citizen expectations.




2
                                                                                                2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




                Focused on the fundamentals of being a partner, expert,
                employer and investment of choice
                What inspires each of our 71,000 professionals is the CGI Dream:
                          To create an environment in which we enjoy
                         working together and, as owners, contribute to
                            building a company we can be proud of.
                The Dream, together with our Vision, Mission and Values, make up the
                CGI Constitution, which provides a strong and aligned culture that fuels our
                collective vision of being a global world class end-to-end IT and business
                consulting services leader helping our clients succeed. The CGI Constitution
                guides how we create value for our three stakeholders — for our clients,
                for our shareholders, and for our professionals, whom we call members as
                a majority of them are also CGI shareholders.

The Constitution is the backbone of our company, while our strategic plan defines the goals,
priorities and measures to continuously exceed the expectations of our clients, empower our
members to build rewarding careers, and generate profitable growth for our shareholders.

                Every year, we go through a strategic planning process where we gain
                invaluable insight by listening to and refining our plan based on the expectations
                of our three stakeholders. As part of this process, we set our goals and
                priorities for the year ahead. This year we formalized an additional goal: to be
                recognized by our communities as a caring and responsible corporate
                citizen. Consistent with our client-proximity model, we acknowledge our
                responsibility towards the hundreds of communities in which we live and work,
                and our commitment to building our collective future.




                                                                                                               3
                 Sustained profitable growth creates enduring value
                 CGI delivers growth through a Build and Buy Strategy. On the Build side,
                 fiscal 2017 was a year shaped by several strategic initiatives that successfully
                 led to profitable organic growth of 2.8%. On the Buy side, we made
                 acquisitions in high-demand metro markets in line with our proximity model,
                 welcoming 1,000 new consultants to CGI while adding more than $200 million
                 in annualized revenue.

    Clients in each of the industries we serve plan to increase or maintain their IT spend, and
    are rebalancing their budgets to spend more on new applications and reduce legacy costs.
    We also see an increased demand for enterprise solutions from global, end-to-end firms.

                 This year, as part of our planning process, CGI leaders met face-to-face with
                 more than 1,300 business and IT executives across 10 commercial industries
                 and governments in 17 countries. As observed over the past few years, there is
                 a clear and accelerating need for organizations to evolve to meet the digital
                 expectations of consumers and citizens. In line with this multi-year trend is a
                 more pronounced focus on enterprise-wide digital strategies. The number of
                 client executives who said they are implementing enterprise-wide initiatives rose
                 from 12% in 2016 to 40% in 2017.

                 Again, this year, we made numerous investments to position CGI to meet this
                 increasing demand, delivering strong performance across our global operations.
                 As a result:

                • Our operations in North America posted broad-based growth across industries.
                  In Canada, our team delivered organic growth of 5%. In the United States,
                  revenue grew 6% in constant currency and we added numerous professionals
                  to our team through focused metro market mergers and acquisitions. Through
                  these integrations, we benefit from additional leadership capacity and local
                  relationships, and our new and existing clients benefit from additional depth
                  and CGI’s end-to-end capabilities.

                • In Europe, we grew nearly 3% in constant currency, led by France
                  with growth of 10%.

                • In Asia-Pacific, our differentiated combination of industry domain and
                  technology expertise within our global delivery centers of excellence
                  continued to deliver value, and we experienced 16% growth in our
                  India operations.




4
                                                                                                2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




                We continued to focus on our proven client-proximity model, providing
                clients with applied innovation and measurable results. We invested in the
                development and expansion of industry‑focused centers of excellence and
                emerging technology practices to spur faster knowledge sharing, strengthen
                talent development and deepen our end-to-end capabilities.

                Helping our clients on the journey ahead
                Our commitment to exceed the expectations of our clients is demonstrated
                by year-over-year improvements across all satisfaction measures. For example,
                among the 7,544 in-person, signed client assessments completed in fiscal 2017,
                we earned an overall 9 out of 10 satisfaction score.

                This strong satisfaction score is especially important given the increased
                urgency of our clients to evolve to meet the digital expectations of their
                customers and citizens. This urgency can only continue given the rapid
                evolution of technology today, and in the years ahead.

                Built to grow and last
                With the overall objective of building a company to grow and last, this year,
                at our annual Leadership Conference, we discussed a vision of CGI for 2050 —
                a vision that imagines our clients in the future. Across the industries we serve,
                we examined the current state, the drivers for change, the future state, and the
                winners’ attributes. In all scenarios, technology is no longer just an enabler; it
                is the driver. There will be massive investment in technology over the coming
                decades, including an acceleration of outsourcing to free up required capital
                for these investments. As we help our clients accelerate their transformation,
                we will continue to make the investments needed to help clients innovate and
                create enduring value.

The growth we have achieved over the past decades is a credit to our strong culture,
operational discipline, innovation and end-to-end capabilities. All of these attributes
provide the foundation for serving as our clients’ partner and expert of choice amidst the
technology‑driven transformation that is underway. CGI is one of the few firms with the scale,
reach and capabilities required to help clients succeed.

                To our shareholders, thank you for your ongoing trust. We are committed to
                continuing to create value. To our 71,000 professionals, thank you for building
                upon the CGI culture and making CGI a great place to work. To our clients,
                thank you for your confidence. We are honored to serve you each day.
                The future has never looked so exciting.




                                                                                                               5
CGI Constitution
While most companies have a vision and mission, CGI goes a step beyond. We have a company dream, which
emphasizes the enjoyment and ownership principles essential to our success. The CGI Dream, together with our Vision,
Mission and Values, make up the CGI Constitution. With frameworks and programs founded upon this Constitution,
CGI provides for the consistent growth that benefits our clients, members and shareholders.



Our Dream                                 Our Values
To create an environment in which         Partnership and quality
we enjoy working together and,
                                          For us, partnership and quality are both a philosophy and a way of life. We
as owners, contribute to building a
                                          constantly deepen our understanding of our clients’ business and we develop
company we can be proud of.
                                          and follow the best management practices. We entrench these approaches
                                          into client relationship and service delivery frameworks in order to foster long
Our Vision                                term and strong partnerships with our clients. We listen to our clients and we
                                          are committed to their total satisfaction in everything we do.
To be a global world class end-to-end
IT and business consulting services       Objectivity and integrity
leader helping our clients succeed.       We exercise the highest degree of independent thinking in selecting the
                                          products, services and solutions we recommend to clients. In doing so,
                                          we adhere to the highest degree of quality, objectivity and integrity. We do not
Our Mission                               accept any remuneration from suppliers. We always act honestly and ethically.
                                          We never seek to gain undue advantages and we avoid conflicts of interest,
To help our clients succeed through
                                          whether real or perceived.
outstanding quality, competence
and objectivity, providing thought        Intrapreneurship and sharing
leadership and delivering the best
services and solutions to fully satisfy   Our collective success is based on our competence, commitment and
client objectives in information          enthusiasm. We promote a culture of innovation and initiative where we are
technology, business processes and        empowered with a sense of ownership in supporting clients, thus ensuring our
management.                               profitable growth. Through teamwork, sharing our know-how and expertise
                                          across our global operations, we bring the best of CGI to our clients. As
In all we do, we are guided by our        members, we share in the value we create through equity ownership and
Dream, living by our Values to foster     profit participation.
trusted relationships and meet our
commitments now and in the future.        Respect
                                          In all we do, we are respectful of our fellow members, clients, business
                                          partners and competitors. As a global company, we recognize the richness that
                                          diversity brings to the company and welcome this diversity while embracing
                                          the overall CGI business culture.

                                          Financial strength
                                          We strive to deliver strong, consistent financial performance which sustains
                                          long term growth and benefits both members and shareholders. Financial
                                          strength enables us to continuously invest in our members’ professional
                                          development, our services and our business solutions to the benefit of
                                          our clients. To this end, we manage our business to generate industry
                                          superior returns.

                                          Corporate social responsibility
                                          Our business model is designed to ensure that we are close to our clients
                                          and communities. As members, we embrace our responsibilities to contribute
                                          to the continuous improvement of the economic, social, and environmental
                                          well‑being of the communities in which we live and work.




 6
                                                                                                                                         2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




CGI Management Foundation
At CGI, we are committed to being the best in our industry. To be the best, we need to operate
as the best, and the CGI Management Foundation includes the key elements that define and
guide the management of our company, including the CGI Constitution and our common policies,
frameworks, processes, operational principles and measures. The Management Foundation
encompasses the best practices that enable us to deliver in a consistent and successful manner
no matter where CGI operates around the world.


             CGI Constitution                                          Enterprise Policies and Processes
  I
  S                                                Code of       Organization,       Human        Finance and      Security and    Quality
  O      Dream      Vision   Mission    Values     Ethics         Governance        Resources     Investment       Data Privacy    System
                                                                and Adjustments
  9
  0       Strategic                              Managing        Marketing, Client Engagement       Innovation       Mergers Management
  0    Directions and        Range of                             Relationship                          and
                             Services               for                               Risk                            and       Frameworks
  1     Operational                              Excellence       and Business     Management       Intellectual   Acquisitions
          Planning                                                Development                        Property
  C
  E                                                                                               Member                 Shareholder
  R                                  Client Partnership                                         Partnership              Partnership
  T                                Management Framework                                         Management               Management
  I                                                                                             Framework                Framework
  F
  I                                      IT Management                                     Leadership Institute
                                          Best Practices                                                                    Investor
  E      Proposal       Contract                                  Delivery   Closing                                      Relationship
  D                                        Engagement                                         Assignment
                                                                                                                          Management
                                           Governance                                         Performance
  O                                                                                         Management and
                                                                                            Career Planning                Disclosure
  P                                    Methods and Tools                                                                   Guidelines
  E                                                                                           Recruitment
  R        Consulting,                            Technology            IP-based             Orientation and
                                Application                             Business                                           Investor
  A     System Integration                         Operations                                  Integration              Communications
        and Development        Management         Management             Process
  T                                                                    Management            Team Meetings
  I
  O                                         Client                                                Member                 Shareholder
  N                                      Satisfaction                                           Satisfaction             Satisfaction
  S                                      Assessment                                             Assessment               Assessment
                                          Program                                                Program                  Program

                                                                                                                         © 2017 CGI Group Inc.

© 2017 CGI Group Inc.




                                                                                                                                                        7
          LOCAL experts.
         GLOBAL insights.

    We are at a historic moment in terms of how consumers
    and citizens want to engage with our clients. We’ve
    seen the world around us become more connected,
    transcending cultures, languages and borders. Today,
    we partner with clients to support their most strategic
    and visible initiatives, helping to innovate, develop,
    improve and secure the technology that is at the
    heart of this transformation. For our stakeholders and
    communities, we are at the center of helping to deliver
    on the promises of digital.




8
                                                                        2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




            Digital transformation is all about PEOPLE.




                                           Partnering with clients to become digital
                                           organizations and exceed the expectations
                                           of their customers and citizens




Empowering our professionals to serve
   as trusted and innovative partners for
            clients on their digital journey




                                           Providing shareholders with a strong
                                           return on investment as we pursue endless
                                           opportunities to grow




      Building prosperous communities
       through our digital talent and local
               presence around the world




                                                                                       9
We listen.
Understanding our stakeholders
to continuously refine
CGI’s strategy
As a partner, expert, employer and investment of choice,
we listen carefully to understand stakeholders’ needs first.
That knowledge, combined with our global perspective,
helps our clients exceed customer and citizen expectations,
supports our members in growing their careers, and
provides our shareholders with a return on investment.




10
                                                                                                   2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




Clients
Informing strategy through client insights
Proactive listening serves as the first step in developing flexible and customized solutions to innovate and lead
our clients in delivering results.
Through the Client Satisfaction Assessment Program (CSAP), we regularly meet face-to-face with clients
to evaluate our performance and assess together what more can be done. The CSAPs provide a “report card”
on CGI’s performance. Globally, in 2017, CGI scores reflect a high level of client confidence.
Through the Voice of Our Clients program, our leaders meet annually with clients to understand their
challenges and opportunities, business and IT priorities, and budgets and investment plans. In 2017, more
than 1,300 in-person interviews were conducted — 20% of which were with prospective clients — across
10 commercial industries and governments in 17 countries. Among those interviewed, 40% were business
leaders and 60% were IT leaders.
The resulting insights are described in CGI Client Global Insights presentations and reports, which support CGI
and clients’ strategic planning initiatives and create a dialogue on how we can work together to address key
business and technology imperatives.
The top three trends in 2017 are consistent with 2016, but with each becoming more pronounced. No matter the
industry, executives interviewed are aligned that the digital needs of consumers and citizens are bringing
about the transformation of organizations around the world.
Regarding the fourth and fifth top trends, there is a notable difference between commercial and government
organizations. While commercial clients we interviewed experiment with digital technologies and harness
opportunities for collaboration and interoperability, government clients continue to focus on managing cost
pressures and increasing their use of the cloud.




Top 2017 global trends
with 2016 comparison                                                                   2017 CSAP highlights
                                                                                      Number of evaluations – 7,544
             1                          2                            3                 Overall satisfaction – 9.0/10


       85%                        74%                          60%
                                                                                          Client loyalty – 9.2/10
                                                                                       Industry knowledge – 8.9/10
     Becoming digital                Growing                    Increasing            Technology expertise – 8.9/10
     to meet customer               cyber risk             regulatory demands
        expectations
                                                                                           Innovation – 8.5/10


         71%                       62%                           51%
Next top commercial trends                  Next top government trends

     Growing use of digital                      Cost pressures slowing
4    technologies
                                            4    the pace of change
     Growing collaboration                       Increasing use of public
5    and interoperability
                                            5    and private cloud



While there are a number of similarities across industries, we recognize
that executives experience transformation in the context of their industry,
geography and organizational culture. We provide reports by industry
(visit cgi.com/globalinsights) and our teams share customized insights
and perspectives with clients across the geographic markets we serve.




                                                                                                                       11
We listen




            Members
            Empowering a team of digital leaders through learning and development
            Through the CGI Client Global Insights, clients report that progress toward digital transformation
            has its share of challenges, with culture and talent ranking at the top. Our professionals provide the
            needed digital expertise to support clients’ most pressing needs, and address those needs through
            the deep understanding of their business that comes from CGI’s client-proximity model.
            CGI’s professionals are called members to recognize that the vast majority are CGI shareholders .
            Members feel a powerful sense of ownership in providing innovative solutions and making
            decisions in the best interest of their clients.
            In this spirit, each year, our professionals participate in the strategic direction of their company.
            In 2017, more than 51,000 members provided input into the progress of CGI’s strategic goals
            and priorities through the Member Consultation. Taking the form of a questionnaire, the Member
            Consultation empowers members to assess the path we are on and identify what else can be
            done to achieve the goals that benefit our stakeholders. This included providing more than
            53,000 suggestions and observations.
            The resulting findings, along with feedback from our
            clients and shareholders, help inform the update of
            CGI’s strategic plan and focus in on key action items
            within each 2018 business unit business plan.
            In addition to the Member Consultation, each member
                                                                                    2017 MSAP highlights
            participates in the Member Satisfaction Assessment
            Program (MSAP), which includes a one-on-one                       Number of MSAP evaluations – 47,674
            discussion between a member and his or her manager              Living up to the company’s values – 8.4/10
            to foster dialogue, support timely action plans, and              Commitment to the company – 8.5/10
            reinforce collective ownership of member satisfaction.
            Following the discussion, members complete a                         Client satisfaction provides work
            satisfaction survey. In 2017, MSAP scores showed                           satisfaction – 8.6/10
            year-over-year improvements across all categories.                       Pride in being part of the
                                                                                        company – 8.0/10




            Engaging our team
            Each year, CGI informs its strategy through the insights that come from listening to our clients,
            members and shareholders.
            Our leaders gather every year in June at our Leadership Conference to discuss strategic
            directions and priorities. The conference addresses stakeholder insights and includes presentations
            and working group discussions on our strategic priorities. In addition, the event kicks off our annual
            operational planning process.




                                                                                                Québec City, Canada
12
                                                                                                2017 ANNUAL REVIEW


Members also help build the future talent pipeline of the company. Through the Recruitment Referral Program,
members identify quality candidates. In addition, through CGI’s recruitment model, leaders overseeing client
relationships and service delivery are responsible for recruiting the best talent aligned with clients’ needs.
We also offer learning and development programs to support members in their careers and in bringing forward
innovative ideas and solutions to clients. In 2017, programs focused on deepening members’ skills in areas such as
agile methodologies, emerging technologies, and consulting and leadership competencies. In addition, to further the
development of client and CGI teams, we have centers of excellence and emerging technology practices across our
global operations (see page 36), and are helping to build the future IT workforce through various training programs
(see page 46).




After the Leadership Conference, business units prepare their business
plans for the coming year using the strategic priorities as a guide to ensure
global alignment. The process also includes assessing stakeholder insights
and identifying resulting action plans for areas to improve. Directions,
priorities and operational plans are shared with all members during the
Annual Tour, which takes place in October.
The Annual Tour includes live and in-person global broadcasts with senior
executives at the corporate and operational levels. In 2017, 186 events
were held over four days to support strong alignment and participation
in executing global priorities and local business plans.
                                                                                           Montréal, Canada
Bangalore, India




Rotterdam, Netherlands
                                                                                                                      13
We listen




            Shareholders                                                         Management
                                                                                 performance
            Providing return on investment
                                                                                 SSAP results
            through CGI’s Build and Buy Strategy
            Yearly, more than 200 face-to-face meetings take
                                                                                   Global average
            place with investors to share the CGI story and
            strengthen long-term relationships. In addition,                  F2017              8.7/10
            we conduct the Shareholder Satisfaction                           F2016              8.6/10
            Assessment Program (SSAP), which includes
            strategic discussions with the largest and most                   F2015              8.3/10
            knowledgeable institutional investors. In 2017,
            participants — including 72% on the buy-side and
            28% on the sell-side — provided structured insights on
            CGI’s comparative strategy, culture and expectations to drive superior valuation.
            This year’s insights demonstrate high satisfaction regarding CGI’s Build and Buy Strategy
            and credibility of top management.




            Over the years, CGI has experienced significant growth through the disciplined execution of
            our Build and Buy Strategy — growth that has been key to support our clients in exceeding the
            expectation of their customers and citizens, to benefit the careers of our members, and to provide
            our shareholders with return on investment.
            On the Build side, we invest in our end-to-          On the Buy side, we focus on large,
            end capabilities, including high-end IT and          transformational acquisitions to further expand
            business consulting, systems integration,            our geographic footprint and critical mass, and
            outsourcing and intellectual property (IP),          smaller, niche acquisitions that provide deep
            with IP representing 22% of CGI’s revenue.           relationships within our metro markets and
            In fiscal 2017, we booked $11.3 billion in           further enhance CGI’s strong digital capabilities.
            contract awards, bringing the book-to-bill ratio     In fiscal 2017, we completed four niche
            for the fiscal year to 104.1% of revenue; 58%        acquisitions with companies identified through
            of bookings included extensions and renewals,        the Voice of Our Clients program.
            and 42% represented new business.

            The Build and Buy activities this year furthered CGI’s strategic objective to double the size of our
            company through a balanced blend of organic and acquisition growth.

14
                                                                                 2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




Presenting CGI’s performance and priorities
through the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
Each year, we host a meeting in Montréal to receive reports, elect directors, appoint auditors, consider
shareholder proposals and transact other business. In addition, the meeting includes remarks on
CGI’s performance, strategy and priorities, as well as an open Q&A forum to receive feedback.
In 2017, the meeting was broadcast via live video feed to enable shareholders around the world to
take part in their company’s annual meeting. To watch a replay, go to cgi.com/investors.




                                                                                                     15
We innovate
and lead.
Helping clients turn change
into opportunity
The digital needs of customers and citizens are driving the
transformation of organizations around the world. CGI serves as
our clients’ guide in this time of rapid change, providing practical
innovation to create powerful results.




16
                                                                                                    2017 ANNUAL REVIEW



Leading the industries we serve
With more than four decades of sustained growth, we are a trusted partner that provides substantive
and actionable counsel to help clients accelerate their transformation. Here are examples of CGI’s
commitment in bringing forward services and solutions that address clients’ top priorities.



Banking
We partner with 15 of the top 20 banks globally, and our top 10 banking clients have worked
with us for an average of 26 years. We serve clients in the retail banking, corporate and transaction
banking, and capital market sectors to drive new digital capabilities and customer-centric,
revenue‑generating programs.




Client focus areas                        Examples of our services and solutions

Accelerate customer-centric               • CGI provided business consulting and systems integration services to help
programs                                    Crédit Agricole transition to an omni-channel platform with a 360 degree
                                            customer view, cross-sell capabilities, campaign automation, real-time event
                                            management, as well as strong data management for GDPR, OFAC and data
                                            lakes set-ups.
                                          • ANZ is driving customer satisfaction through payments automation
                                            via CGI’s All Payments solution, which is enabling the bank to support
                                            more payment types, improve straight through processing and process
                                            higher payment volumes.
                                          • CGI helps banks develop transformation strategies and roadmaps for
                                            becoming digital banks of the future to keep pace with evolving bank
                                            consumer demands.
                                          • CGI Collections360, with 370+ implementations worldwide, enables
                                            banks to seamlessly transition to customer-centric default management.

Protect the bank and customers            • Our secure, real-time payments offering provides a holistic framework
from increasing risks                       for fighting financial crime and leveraging digital solutions for real-time
                                            transaction monitoring, detection and mitigation.
                                          • CGI helps banks develop and implement an advanced threat detection
                                            strategy and architecture, including for long-time partner National Bank
                                            of Canada.
                                          • CGI was awarded a five-year contract extension in 2017 to manage and
                                            expand the Cifas Fraud Investigation Database until 2027. Built by CGI
                                            in 2002, the database is used by Cifas members to monitor and share
                                            confirmed fraud cases, helping to combat penetration of fraud against
                                            businesses and individuals.
                                                                                                                          17
We innovate and lead


Client focus areas                       Examples of our services and solutions

Modernize business models,               • SEB, a leading Nordic financial services group, is implementing
operations and services                    CGI Trade360 to improve the trade finance value chain for SEB and
                                           its customers.
                                         • With a 40+ year history of leading the evolution of payment infrastructures,
                                           CGI is at the forefront of payments modernization, helping banks embrace
                                           the move toward real-time payments and open banking.
                                         • CGI offers in-depth expertise on bank regulatory schemes, such as the
                                           Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA), and offers a solution to help banks
                                           implement SEPA instant credit transfers.




                                                                                  Blockchain and smart contracts
                                                                                  have the potential to reinvent
                                                                                  global trade, improving speed,
                                                                                  reducing costs, enhancing
                                                                                  productivity and taking the
CGI partners with banks to achieve groundbreaking interoperability                paper out of trade. CGI has
between trade finance platforms and blockchain technologies                       been an important trade finance
                                                                                  technology partner to BMO for
CGI partnered with the Bank of Montreal (BMO), Royal Bank of Canada
and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (MUFG) to successfully complete          many years, and this Skuchain
in 2017 a first-ever proof-of-concept (POC) that enables banks engaged in         Brackets proof-of-concept
trade finance to integrate powerful blockchain capabilities with existing trade   collaboration is another example
finance platforms. The POC demonstrated seamless interoperability between         of BMO’s commitment to stay
CGI’s global finance trade platform, CGI Trade360, used in 90+ countries,         at the forefront of the trade and
and Skuchain’s Brackets — a blockchain-based B2B smart contract platform.
                                                                                  supply chain finance industry.
                                                                                  Jeff Shell, Head of Global Trade
                                                                                  and Banking, BMO Capital Markets,
                                                                                  Toronto, Canada

18
                                                                                                  2017 ANNUAL REVIEW



Manufacturing
Our 7,000+ manufacturing professionals help clients accelerate their Industry 4.0 transformation
and streamline and optimize their processes and systems to drive agility and transform business
models across engineering, procurement, manufacturing, logistics, marketing, sales and service,
and more. We serve 700+ manufacturing clients across a range of sectors, including automotive,
aerospace, high tech, mining, metals, pulp and paper, and chemicals.


Client focus areas                      Examples of our services and solutions

Become digital to meet                  • Our Supply Chain Center of Excellence helps manufacturers optimize
customer expectations                     their end-to-end supply chain and accelerate their journey toward a digitally
                                          integrated value chain.
                                        • CGI’s digital transformation vision for manufacturing centers on transforming
                                          to Industry 4.0, working with clients such as Rio Tinto to leverage emerging
                                          technologies and create a digital continuum across the value chain.
                                        • We’re partnering with industrial technology company Valmet to provide
                                          hybrid cloud-based IT infrastructure services, automation-based digital
                                          end‑user services for IT, and user support.
                                        • CGI delivers end-to-end modernization consulting services for
                                          manufacturers, including modernization assessments, portfolio
                                          rationalization and enterprise architecture roadmap development.

Optimize operations,                    • CGI’s extensive Manufacturing Execution Systems (MES) expertise
focusing on collaboration                 help manufacturers optimize every aspect of production, enabling them to
and customer experience                   achieve operational excellence.
                                        • Our Manufacturing Atlas approach has helped hundreds of clients
                                          optimize and transform their manufacturing operations, driving operational
                                          excellence and enabling greater personalization.
                                        • Produced annually, our MES Product Survey tracks the latest trends and
                                          provides product reviews and insights, serving as an invaluable benchmark
                                          for companies choosing the perfect-fit MES solution.

Protect the enterprise                  • Comprehensive cybersecurity services provide advanced levels of
                                          protection on a scalable platform, allowing clients to adapt quickly as the
                                          business and risk environment demand.
                                        • CGI’s Secure ICS approach for industrial control systems helps protect
                                          industrial automation, control system environments and critical infrastructures.




                                                                                                                        19
We innovate and lead



                                      Utilities
                                       Our expertise helps utilities meet the increasing demands of a digitally
                                       enabled energy ecosystem. We partner with 450+ electric, water and gas
                                       clients worldwide, as well as 8 of the 10 largest utilities in Europe and
                                       North America. We deliver innovative services and technologies to address
                                       distributed energy resources and diversify revenue streams to improve both
                                       customer loyalty and bottom lines.




Client focus areas                     Examples of our services and solutions

Become digital for commercial        • CGI’s Digital Optimized Network Utility vision helps clients leverage
differentiation, customer engagement   innovative business models and emerging technologies to transition to
and operational excellence             a new energy system.
                                       • As the data services provider for the UK market, we are supporting the
                                         rollout of 53 million smart gas and electricity meters.
                                       • Our customer information systems — including Kolibri (Finland), BFUS
                                         (Sweden), IS Suite (Norway) and U@cloud SaaS (Iberia) — drive clients’
                                         digitalization strategies, enabling them to offer new services and
                                         opportunities.

Assure regulatory compliance           • CGI delivers and operates the core IT systems and business processes that
                                         support centralized energy markets across the globe, helping utilities
                                         comply with industry regulations, align to different market processes and
                                         achieve effective security.
                                       • We helped deliver the UK central market operating system that underpins
                                         the world’s largest competitive water market.

Optimize investments                   • Our comprehensive asset, resource and workforce management services
and business operations                  and systems support 60 of the top 100 utilities in North America,
                                         improving operational performance and profitability, while minimizing
                                         downtime and extending the life of assets.
                                       • CGI’s Renewables Management System (RMS) delivers an operational
                                         platform to manage and control the complete renewables portfolio, including
                                         remote start and stop of turbines, as well as key performance indicators on
                                         availability, faults and efficiency.

20
                                                                                                   2017 ANNUAL REVIEW



Insurance
We help hundreds of insurers, brokers and agents around the world, including 7 of the top 10 global insurers, and
have partnered with each of our top 30 insurance clients for an average of 17 years. We help property and casualty
and life insurers implement innovative digital business solutions across the value chain to differentiate themselves while
driving operational efficiencies and cost savings.


Client focus areas                        Examples of our services and solutions

Drive a differentiated, seamless          • As part of our partnership with LocalTapiola Mutual Life Insurance
customer experience                         Company, CGI delivered digital services enabling the company to improve
                                            customer engagement by offering new investment services and solutions
                                            across its customer base.
                                          • Our outsourcing work with OP, a leading Finnish financial group, includes
                                            high-end consulting to drive an enhanced customer experience through, for
                                            example, robotic process automation across digital channels.

Derive value from data to                 • Implemented by more than 100 insurers worldwide, CGI’s Ratabase
improve underwriting and                    solution is the industry’s leading rating and pricing engine, managing
customer evaluation                         complex logic to drive the speed, accuracy and cost-effectiveness of rating,
                                            pricing and underwriting.
                                          • CGI’s insurance information solutions connect insurers to rich business and
                                            customer data for more effective decision-making and support the delivery of
                                            more than 16 million risk information reports annually to insurers, brokers
                                            and agents.
                                          • CGI Evolut1on Hub is a robust cloud-hosted platform that delivers highly
                                            configurable risk management functions, providing better control over
                                            pricing, data validation and fraud identification through machine learning
                                            and other advanced data technologies.

Safeguard against cyber                   • CGI offers comprehensive cyber services to insurers, including consulting
and regulatory risks                        and risk assessment, managed security services, and incident response and
                                            investigation, and also supports insurers offering cyber insurance coverage.
                                          • Our regulatory compliance expertise and solutions help insurers
                                            effectively comply with new and upcoming regulatory standards such as
                                            the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).




CGI is very familiar
with our needs and
challenges, which
means it can be proactive
in day-to-day work. We
were looking for a partner
that can drive and support
the transformation of our IT
environment, and with CGI’s
modernized infrastructure
services and knowledge of
our needs, we feel secure in
choosing them as a partner for
our future development.
Ulf Larsson, CIO, Alecta,
Stockholm, Sweden

                                                                                                                         21
We innovate and lead



Government
We have helped 2,000+ government clients in 15 countries improve citizen service and operational efficiency through
IT modernization and greater access to digital information and services. Our solutions help clients increase revenue,
efficiency and the quality of citizen services, as well as secure complex and large-scale programs from the back office to
frontline operations.


Client focus areas                        Examples of our services and solutions

Become digital to meet citizen            • We apply cloud, digital, mobile and automation technology to advance
and stakeholder needs                       financial and human resources management for government agencies at
                                            all levels across Canada, Europe and the United States.
                                          • Communities are developing smarter, more sustainable services with CGI’s
                                            digital roadmap and solutions for Future Cities in areas ranging from
                                            public asset management to transportation efficiency to citizen participation.

Increase collaboration                    • Shared services financial management programs improve efficiency and
                                            service delivery. For example, the U.S. Department of Agriculture uses
                                            CGI’s Momentum solution to provide shared services to 40 federal agencies.
                                          • CGI is an active participant in public-private partnerships such as the
                                            Forum Virium Helsinki, which develops new digital services for cities
                                            and residents, and the Lafayette Engagement and Research Network
                                            (LEaRN), which focuses on understanding how to leverage smart community
                                            efforts successfully.
                                          • Managed services help government agencies streamline processes,
                                            enhance key business applications and improve the employee and citizen
                                            experience. For example, CGI was named the “Public Sector Outsourcing
                                            Project of the Year” at the Global Sourcing Association Awards for the
                                            support it provides to the UK Ministry of Justice and its executive
                                            agencies.

Harness data and analytics                • Groundbreaking use of spatial data, mapping technology and advanced
for better decisions and services           analytics enable more efficient regulatory compliance for the Estonian
                                            Agricultural Registers and Information Board.
                                          • CGI’s mixed reality platform — including Microsoft HoloLens, GIS and GPS
                                            technology — is helping to envision and plan the relocation of the town of
                                            Kiruna, Sweden, from its current position near one of the world’s largest
                                            iron mines. This “Hidden City” concept digitally maps and interacts with the
                                            underground infrastructure, and can extend to other planning needs.

Protect data and infrastructure           • Credential management solutions provided on behalf of the U.S.
from cyber threats                          Department of Homeland Security will help federal agencies strengthen
                                            their cybersecurity posture.




22
                                                                                               2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




Client focus areas                     Examples of our services and solutions

Modernize IT to reduce costs           • IT modernization enables new citizen-centric services and digital
and increase agility                     transformation for the City of San Diego and other municipalities like
                                         Sundsvalls in Sweden.
                                       • Transitioning data centers to hybrid cloud solutions reduces maintenance
                                         costs for agencies such as the U.S. Agency for International Development.
                                       • IT quality assurance and control oversight helps reduce risks and ensure
                                         operational excellence for the European Commission’s Directorate
                                         General for Taxation and Customs Union.

Improve agility and insight            • Knowledge-based program support services for C4ISR organizations help
to achieve the defense, intelligence     meet the U.S. Army Communications-Electronics Command responsive
and space mission                        strategic sourcing requirements, while a new contract writing system will
                                         help get capabilities to troops faster, enabled by CGI’s Momentum solution.
                                       • CGI supports complex, mission-critical space systems for military
                                         satellite communications ground systems, civilian space agencies and
                                         aerospace companies.


                                                                                                                  23
We innovate and lead




              CGI partners with City of Los Angeles to provide
              cloud migration and digital application services
              Building on its three-decade relationship with CGI, the City of Los Angeles is moving to CGI’s
              cloud-hosting and managed services to support the City’s accounting, budgeting and financial
              reporting systems. Managed services for CGI Advantage ERP — the leading purpose-built solution
              for state and local governments — improve scalability, reduce operational costs and ensure access
              to future upgrades and highly specialized IT talent.


              We need a partner that can learn our business and provide opportunities for efficiency
              or innovation. CGI has proven to be a trusted partner for us as we continue to use
              technology to improve the lives of residents, businesses and visitors across the City
              of Los Angeles.
              Ted Ross, CIO,
              City of Los Angeles, United States

24
                                                                                               2017 ANNUAL REVIEW



Retail and consumer services
In the retail and consumer services (RCS) industry, our 4,300 experts and broad portfolio of services and solutions
help companies drive digital transformation to enable personalized customer experiences, create new revenue streams,
empower employees, and protect against cyber threats. We serve 800+ clients globally across the retail, wholesale,
consumer packaged goods and consumer services sectors.


Client focus areas                      Examples of our services and solutions

Become digital to meet                  • CGI’s Global Retail and Consumer Services Center of Excellence helps
customer expectations                     clients reinvent every stage of the customer experience journey, enabling
                                          RCS companies to understand and plan for the differentiated experience
                                          they can provide their customers.
                                        • For clients such as Clarins, we help transform their supply chains
                                          and processes to improve operational efficiency and better meet their
                                          customers’ expectations.
                                        • CGI partnered with Liseberg, an amusement park located in Gothenburg,
                                          Sweden, to develop digital strategies and solutions that provide customers
                                          with real-time information to enhance their experience and drive
                                          differentiation.

Leverage big data and                   • Our powerful analytics capabilities create personalized offerings and
predictive analytics                      services, improve understanding of customer behavior, and enhance
                                          customer interactions.
                                        • CGI has partnered with 5 of the world’s top luxury goods brands to
                                          improve customer personalization through better use of data and analytics.

Deliver omni-channel environments       • We have helped 6 of the top grocery chains in Europe build omni-channel
for an any time, any device               environments to improve and enhance the customer experience.
experience
                                        • CGI consults with RCS companies worldwide to develop strategies to build
                                          a digitally connected value chain that meets rising consumer expectations
                                          for anytime, anywhere, any device shopping.
                                        • Omni-channel services and solutions — including the new CGI Retail
                                          Xp360 platform — provide seamless, experience-led, personalized customer
                                          experiences, while minimizing costs.




                                                                                                                   25
We innovate and lead




                                  Health and life sciences
                                  We assist health and life sciences clients in meeting the growing expectations
                                  of a digital population in a safe, secure, cost-effective and compliant
                                  manner. Globally, our solutions support 1,000+ health facilities, 195 million
                                  health plan members, 3 million providers, 500+ pharmacies, and 50+
                                  pharmaceutical and other life sciences organizations, including biobanks.


Client focus areas                Examples of our services and solutions

Improve the citizen               • Digital services enhance the user experience for 55 million Medicare
and customer experience             beneficiaries in the United States.
                                  • Open source prescription medication management helps improve
                                    patient safety and deliver more personalized care for Plymouth Hospitals
                                    NHS Trust.
                                  • Digital transformation efforts help the UK’s Defence Medical Information
                                    Capability Programme better support service personnel, dependents
                                    and Veterans.
                                  • Patient-centric care management using CGI CommunityCare360
                                    increases time dedicated to in-home patients.

Use data and analytics            • Prescriptive analytics identify delivery and cost improvements for
for better insights                 organizations like FD CARES, a partnership of fire department services,
                                    providers and payers in the State of Washington.
                                  • Business Intelligence as a Service improves analysis and decision support
                                    for Swedish Health and Social Care Inspectorate (IVO).
                                  • Analytics, cloud computing and machine learning combine to more
                                    accurately identify improper healthcare payments for clients like the
                                    Veterans Health Administration’s Office of Community Care, recouping
                                    funds to meet the needs of Veterans.

Modernize IT to reduce costs      • Full IT outsourcing provides long-term cost efficiencies while modernizing
and support new delivery models     and transforming the IT environment for organizations such as Handicare,
                                    a leading provider of lifting aids and other medical devices in 30 countries.
                                  • One-stop IT modernization enables more efficient homecare, with a cloud
                                    platform for care and tablets that put the right information in the hands of
                                    staff for firms like TSN Home Care in the Netherlands.

Improve product launch            • Built from years of experience working with commercial launch initiatives
success                             for life sciences clients, CGI’s BioIgnition solution provides a proven
                                    approach and toolset for planning and executing successful launch
                                    programs.
                                  • Integrated Clinical Portfolio Framework will enable Incyte Corporation
                                    to bring products to market faster and more effectively.




26
                                                                                              2017 ANNUAL REVIEW


Finnish Red Cross Blood Service:
Digitalizing logistics to transform
the blood delivery chain                                                      To build the entire system,
Finnish Red Cross Blood Service’s “vein-to-vein” project in cooperation       we need contributions from
with CGI uses new enterprise resource planning and customer relationship
                                                                              hospitals as well as IT expertise.
management systems to drive digitalization. The system aims to make the
blood delivery chain more efficient by improving the monitoring of blood      That’s why Blood Service
and blood products, the transparency of operations and the ability to         chose CGI as its strategic digital
predict the need for blood.                                                   transformation partner.
The online-based donation process provides real-time information from         Martti Syrjälä, Chief Executive,
the moment the donor sits down in the chair. Digital tools bring new surety   Blood Service,
to operations and open the doors to data system integration between the       Helsinki, Finland
Blood Service and hospitals.




                                                                                                                 27
We innovate and lead



                                   Transportation and logistics
                                    We help leaders across the aviation, rail, maritime, road and regional
                                    transit, and logistics sectors worldwide. In-demand capabilities include
                                    digital expertise and solutions that optimize operations, enhance the overall
                                    passenger experience and ensure tight security.
                                    Through our experience, we help clients drive innovation, collaborate beyond
                                    business boundaries and generate new growth opportunities. For example,
                                    CGI is supporting a nationwide program — Beter Benutten (Better Utilization) —
                                    to make the Netherlands more accessible and sustainable. CGI is working
                                    with several regions to implement our SmartTravel solution, which combines
                                    digital technologies such as mobility, gamification, big data analytics and travel
                                    mode detection to influence and reward driver behavior. CGI also partnered
                                    with Finnish railway VR Group to build and integrate a new traffic information
                                    system that improves incident communication and response, significantly
                                    enhancing the railway’s passenger, employee and partner experience.


              The agile operating model has been important to us because we have built a new
              infrastructure simultaneously with the project. It’s been great to see how incredibly
              committed CGI’s experts and our own people here at VR have been to working together
              from the very beginning. And, the project has stayed well on schedule.
              Ari Vanhanen, Vice President Operations Center at VR Group Ltd.,
              Helsinki, Finland



                                   Oil and gas
                                    We help all major oil and gas companies
                                    address market challenges by becoming
                                    digital enterprises. We offer innovative ways to
                                    realize improvements in reserves productivity,
                                    asset utilization, partnerships, compliance
                                    and profit generation across the entire supply
                                    chain — from exploration and production
                                    to retail.
                                    For clients such as Shell, CGI offers key services
                                    for remote online asset monitoring platforms that turn
                                    data into actionable insights, providing for more reliable and safer operations.
                                    In addition, CGI manages $100 billion in fuel card payments per year, and
                                    our cloud services support 30 upstream operators, managing data for
                                    700 joint ventures.



                                   Communications
                                    We work closely with communications service providers (CSPs) to define and
                                    implement digital strategies and roadmaps to help them win customers in a
                                    highly competitive and regulated market.
                                    This includes partnering with 6 of the world’s top CSPs, where our solutions
                                    help clients meet increasing customer demands for new products and
                                    services, as well as omni-channel, real-time and personalized service delivery.
                                    For example, we helped mobilcom-debitel transform into a “digital lifestyle
                                    provider” through omni-channel retailing.



              CGI offered not only omni-channel experience but also experience within our business
              area. The timing and launch of the project was impeccable. Our wishes, which are
              essentially our customers’ wishes, were listened to and taken into account. Particularly
              useful was CGI’s skill in bringing together IT and business staff, convincing them of the
              project’s importance and getting them on board.
              Florian Wolf, Head of IT Customer & Commerce Systems, mobilcom-debitel,
              Berlin, Germany

28
                                                                                                    2017 ANNUAL REVIEW


Driving pace and scale in a dynamic market
Becoming digital is about more than technology. It involves a fundamental change
to the DNA of an organization, including how it listens to customers, innovates,
collaborates with partners, delivers new products and services, and more.
It’s about driving change across the entire enterprise — from front-end customer
channels to back-end processes and supply chains.
This kind of broad, fundamental change doesn’t have a clear start and end.
It takes place continuously in response to changing market drivers and customer
expectations. CGI works with digital leaders across industries to evolve,
at the right pace and scale, into agile organizations that meet customer and
citizen needs.

Incubate new innovations — We help        Transition to a business of the           Maintain and secure the existing
clients adopt advanced analytics          future — We build infrastructures that    business — We help clients drive
and artificial intelligence to drive      enable the transition from legacy         operational efficiencies and cost
new business models, services,            operations, technology, services          savings through technologies such
products and customer experiences         and products to a business of the         as intelligent automation. We also
to compete beyond traditional             future. We also help clients adopt        deliver advanced cybersecurity and
boundaries, re-envision customer          cloud/hybrid IT environments to           regulatory compliance capabilities
touchpoints, innovate to differentiate    simplify their operations, reduce         that effectively address increasing
and engage in the wider ecosystem.        costs, increase agility, speed up         threats and regulatory demands.
                                          time to market, and achieve results
                                          more quickly.




CGI delivers modern API platform for Finnair
to drive ancillary product sales
A long-term partner of Finnair, CGI was chosen by the airlines in 2016 to help
drive its digital transformation program. One aspect of that program involved
helping Finnair take advantage of one of today’s top trends in the airlines
business — the sale of ancillary products, such as business class upgrades,
additional luggage and better meals.
CGI’s experts built a modern API platform for Finnair that simplifies the sale of   CGI’s skilled and committed
ancillary products by, for example, managing all of the logic resulting when a      team has been essential for
passenger enters loyalty card, credit card and flight numbers. The API supports     achieving our goals in DevOps
multiple sales channels and was built using a DevOps model that includes a          and cloud adoption for Finnair’s
cloud-based toolset for managing the platform’s ongoing operation.
                                                                                    digital transformation program.
With the API platform in place, Finnair’s ancillary revenue per passenger has
significantly grown and more than 500,000 people have downloaded Finnair’s          Petteri Skaffari, Head of Information
mobile app, making it one of the most downloaded apps in Finland, with              Technology, Finnair,
                                                                                    Vantaa, Finland
20,000 daily unique users.




Helping digital leaders
continuously transform
Clients are embracing digital strategies, technologies
and operating models to become customer-centric
organizations. Learn more about CGI’s client
collaborations at cgi.com/digital-transformation.




                                                                                                                            29
We innovate and lead


                       Turning ideas into outcomes
                       Innovation happens on the “shop floor.” For CGI, our shop floor is
                       our client projects. Our Innovation, Creativity and Experimentation
                       (ICE) program turns our experts’ ideas into new business solutions.


                         73 calls                             3,494 ideas
                         to action                            submitted




           2017
        innovation     Project Leap: Single platform for      Earth Observation Monitoring:
        highlights     storing and analyzing all of the       Platform that uses remote sensor
                       data required to detect security       technologies to collect and manage
                       threats and provide visibility for     data to meet a wide range of client
                       investigations and remediation         needs, such as assessing weather
                                                              and disaster risks to infrastructure
                       Digital Partner Platform: Cloud-
                       based SAP robotic process              Req2TC: Solution for automating the
                       automation platform with cognitive     test design phase of the testing life
                       and predictive capabilities            cycle, reducing time and effort
                       Infrastructure Discovery &             Mobile Truck Tickets: Oil and gas
                       Analysis: Solution for providing       solution that facilitates transitioning
                       insight reports and analysis on IT     paper documents from the field
                       infrastructures to improve problem     to the back office for completing
                       solving, drive enhancements and        transactions
                       better conduct due diligence
                                                              Quality Care Measure Service:
                       Interactive Design Pattern Library:    Automated solution for measuring
                       Interactive design pattern library     the quality of health care, replacing
                       that helps drive forward customer-     manual processes
                       centered design in alignment with
                                                              DocGenBot: Automated tool for
                       clients’ standards
                                                              producing requirements documentation
                       Data Marshall Framework:               for legacy modernization and
                       Automated, metadata-driven             outsourcing projects
                       framework to extract, transform
                                                              Salesforce Flashdeploy: Solution
                       and load encrypted data for data
                                                              that bolsters basic integration
                       migration or data warehouse building
                                                              tools to reduce the time and cost
                                                              of deployments

30
                                                                                                         2017 ANNUAL REVIEW


CGI Intellectual Property
Portfolio of 150+ business solutions and digital enablers that accelerate clients’ digital transformation
Our full suite of more than 150 IP solutions helps clients        CGI Wealth360: End-to-end wealth management solution
transform into digital businesses that keep pace with             suite drives efficiencies across front and back offices
the changing demands of customers and citizens. From              and features a digital advisor combining robo and human
automating processes, to driving digital insights, to             advice to enable a digital customer experience
improving the customer experience, our solutions deliver
                                                                  CGI Unify360: Integrated suite of software, services
sustained competitive advantage and profitable growth.
                                                                  and tools unifies the management of clients’ hybrid IT
Examples include:
                                                                  environments and enables improved service quality and
Built-for-Government ERP: Implementation of hundreds              operational efficiency
of government systems across the U.S., including 400+
                                                                  Secure, real-time payments: Combines CGI solutions,
implementations of CGI Advantage for states, cities,
                                                                  such as SEPA Real Time, HotScan Risk Screening and an
counties and school systems, and 150+ implementations
                                                                  all-in-one risk management platform, with services to help
of Momentum across the executive, judicial and
                                                                  financial institutions adopt real-time payments quickly at
legislative branches of the federal government
                                                                  less cost and risk
CGI Collections360: A comprehensive managed services
                                                                  Utilities solutions: Includes Sm@rtering, which enables
approach to collections and recovery that combines
                                                                  meter data management, data collection, network
software, business processes and IT services to manage
                                                                  supervision and other smart grid functionalities; and
and improve the collections life cycle for commercial
                                                                  RMS (Renewables Management System) for the
and government organizations
                                                                  digital supervision, control and analysis of renewable
CGI ProperPay: Drives identification, prevention and              power plants
recovery of fraud, waste and abuse, helping government
and commercial health payers recover more than
$2.8 billion
CGI Trade360: Supports global trade services for                                            View more
more than 33,000 portal users in 90 countries through                                     CGI business
advanced technologies, including blockchain                                                solutions at
                                                                                       cgi.com/solutions.




                CGI shares digital transformation accelerators during European Utility Week 2017 (see next page).

                                                                                                                         31
We innovate and lead

                                                                                                             Sibos 2017




Sharing best practices
CGI professionals stay at the forefront of industry
trends and innovation, and share their knowledge and
perspectives through events and thought leadership.
Here is a sampling of our 2017 initiatives.




Ratkaisu17
                                                            European Utility Week: This event connects the smart
                                                            utility community, including electric, gas, water and
                                                            waste leaders from across the globe. During EUW2017,
                                                            CGI shared our enterprise-wide approach to digital
Conferences                                                 transformation.

CGI Credit Management Conference: This annual event,        HIMSS: CGI participates each year in HIMSS, the health
drawing more than 100 attendees in 2017, educates           industry’s largest annual conference and exhibition
clients and prospects on the latest developments of CGI’s   showcasing the latest innovations in health IT. In 2017,
innovative credit management suite.                         CGI offered expertise on a wide range of digital
                                                            healthcare solutions, including next-generation analytics,
CGI Forum: Held for the 39th year, the CGI Forum brought    cybersecurity and privacy, care management and more.
together in 2017 more than 350 CGI Advantage clients to
share knowledge and ideas for maximizing the benefits of    Ratkaisu: Ratkaisu (English meaning Solution) is held
this leading, built-for-government solution.                each year by CGI’s operations in Finland for clients and
                                                            prospects interested in the latest trends and innovations
Digital Roundtable: CGI’s Digital Roundtable in             in key areas such as digitalization, the customer
Sydney, Australia, gathered executives to discuss digital   experience and cybersecurity. Ratkaisu17 drew more
transformation trends and challenges.                       than 1,000 clients, prospects, partners and CGI subject
Envision 2017: More than 500 people, including industry     matter experts.
experts, CGI business leaders and CGI partners attended     Sibos: Every year, CGI finance experts host a wide range
CGI’s first-ever Envision conference in Bangalore, India,   of educational and networking sessions at Sibos, one
to explore hyper-convergence, cloud, automation and         of the world’s leading industry conferences for finance
emerging technologies.                                      professionals. In 2017, our experts covered a wide range
                                                            of topics, including agile and DevOps, real-time payments,
                                                            blockchain and intelligent automation.




32
                                                                                                                                                                      2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




Insights and studies



                                                                                      GLOBAL REPORT
                                                                                      Client insights                                                                        CGI Global
                                                                                      and CGI                                                                                 Payments
                                                                                      perspectives
                                                                                      on digital                                                                            Research 2017
                                                                                      transformation                                                                       Key highlights and
              A FIELD GUIDE TO
                                                                                                                                                                             observations
                  Smarter
             Communities
                   A strategic, incremental approach
                   to digital, connected and
                   people-centric government


                                                                                                           2017 CGI Client Global Insights
                                                                                                           An outlook on trends and priorities based
                                                                                                           on in-person conversations with business
                                                                                                           and technology executives around the world




A Field Guide to Smarter                                                           CGI Client Global Insights reports:                                  CGI Global Payments Research
Communities: Field guide that                                                      Industry-specific overviews of client                                2017: Key findings of research
includes practical tips, checklists and                                            insights and CGI perspectives from                                   conducted in 2017 by CGI with the
testimonials from government leaders                                               in-person interviews conducted                                       Financial Services Club, a leading
who are turning to smart strategies                                                by CGI leaders in 2017 with                                          European network for senior
and technologies to digitally                                                      1,300 business and IT executives                                     financial services executives, on
transform their communities.                                                       across 10 industries and 17 countries.                               payment trends and issues from the
                                                                                                                                                        perspective of customers — whether
                                                                                                                                                        consumer or corporate — banks and
                                                                                                                                                        practitioners.




                                                      Experience the Commitment®




         The Cyber-Value Connection                                                  Today’s Financial Consumer:
                                                                                     Open for Business
         Revealing the link between cyber vulnerability
         and company value




The Cyber-Value Connection:                                                        Today’s Financial Consumer:
Findings and recommendations                                                       Open for Business: Summary
based on an Oxford Economics                                                       of the key results and takeaways
study commissioned by CGI’s UK                                                     from CGI’s 2017 Global Financial
cybersecurity team that involved use                                               Consumer Survey, which
of a rigorous econometric model                                                    surveyed 2,250 bank consumers
to capture the damage caused                                                       across 9 countries to assess their
by a cyber breach to a company’s                                                   banking preferences.
share price.




                                                                                                                                                                                            33
     We deliver.
     Growing alongside our clients to deliver
     local services at global scale
     CGI has a 40-plus year tradition of investing where our clients live and work
     and making a positive and enduring impact wherever we have a presence.
     Our 71,000 professionals deliver high-quality, best-fit IT and business
     consulting services from hundreds of metro markets and global delivery
     centers around the world.




34
                                                                                                       2017 ANNUAL REVIEW



Client proximity
Deeply rooted in clients’ businesses and communities
CGI organizes operations within urban metro markets where clients have
concentrated footprints. Our unique client proximity model empowers
local teams to build strong, trusted, in-person relationships and ensure
accountability for delivering client success.
Through this proximity, CGI gains deep knowledge of our clients’
businesses and industries and stays attuned to market and cultural needs.
It also enables us to deliver relevant, agile and innovative solutions quickly
and proactively, and to grow alongside our clients.
Through the CGI Voice of Our Clients program, we speak with clients
about their preferred service providers and suggestions for how to
augment our metro market footprint and industry and digital capabilities.
Over the past several months, we announced the following acquisitions to
generate additional value for clients and greater career opportunities for
our professionals.
• Affecto, a leading data analytics        • CTS (Computer Technology                • Summa Technologies based
  firm in Northern Europe with               Solutions) headquartered                  in Pittsburgh with expertise in
  strong capabilities in areas such          in Birmingham, Alabama, with              digital experience and agile
  as advanced analytics, machine             locations across key southern U.S.        software development, and a
  learning and artificial intelligence,      metropolitan areas and expertise          seven‑time Inc. 5000 “Fastest-
  helping to strengthen CGI’s position       in such areas as data analytics,          Growing Private Companies
  as the provider of data-driven             application services and quality          in America” recipient (closed
  business services at scale (closed         assurance (closed April 2017)             August 2017)
  October 2017)
                                           • ECS (eCommerce Systems) Team
• Collaborative Consulting based in          based in Denver with expertise in
  Boston with skills, experience and         areas such as cloud development,
  deep relationships in high-growth,         collaboration and enterprise
  in-demand digital technologies             mobility (closed May 2017)
  (closed November 2016)

These firms share our culture of strong client commitment and add hundreds
of talented professionals to our intellectual strength around the world. CGI
benefits from additional leadership capacity and local relationships, and our
new and existing clients benefit from the additional depth of CGI’s end-to-end
capabilities and global reach.




Recognized as a best place to work
CGI’s client proximity model is not only the engine behind our ability to deliver innovative results
for clients, but also provides a foundation by which to create a best place to work for our team of
talented professionals.
In 2017, we received the 2017 Top Employer certification in nine countries, including Belgium,
Canada, Finland, France, Germany, India, the Netherlands, Sweden and the UK. The certification
is based on a rigorous survey and analysis conducted by the Top Employers Institute that
evaluates employee conditions in numerous categories. CGI’s highest scores came in the areas
of talent strategy and culture, with CGI’s UK operations ranking first among all recipients of the
Top Employer UK designation.
In the United States, we received recognition across our metro markets, including the coveted
Washington Post Top Workplaces. Also, in April, Glassdoor — one of the largest and fastest
growing job sites — listed CGI as one of 10 “cool companies” hiring new employees.
Also read examples of how we are training the future digital workforce in the communities section
on page 46.




                                                                                                                         35
We deliver



Global delivery
and expertise
                                                                                      Recognition
Building the best network of global capabilities
At CGI, our best-fit global delivery model includes onshore, nearshore and            For the fifth consecutive year,
offshore delivery centers that support client-proximity teams in accelerating         CGI’s UK-based Service Desk
clients’ transformation. With skilled resources operating under a common              was awarded the 5-Star SDI
governance model, centers are strategically located throughout Canada, the            accreditation. CGI is the only
United States, Europe and Asia Pacific to provide the best mix of services            organization in the world to have
configured to clients’ needs and preferences.                                         achieved this standard for five
Delivery centers support our full range of end-to-end services in any                 consecutive years.
combination, including high-end IT and business consulting, systems
integration, infrastructure, application development and management,                  In addition, CGI received the
and business process services.                                                        Agile Project of the Year 2017
                                                                                      from the India Agile Awards in
In addition, we operate industry-focused centers of excellence and                    recognition of our partnership on the
emerging technology practices to spur faster knowledge sharing,
                                                                                      Shell SmartConnect program.
strengthen talent development, and deepen our end-to-end capabilities.
Our centers focus on industry areas that are on a faster pace with digital
transformation, such as consumer banking and insurance, payments,
utilities, retail and consumer services, and manufacturing. Our practices
focus on high-demand areas, such as cybersecurity, artificial intelligence,
robotics, DevOps, analytics and the digital customer experience.




The Security Operations Center            The opening of the Supply Chain Center    The Spark Lab in Lafayette, Louisiana
in Helsinki, Finland                      of Excellence in Lyon, France

All of our industry centers and technology practices leverage our client-           Emerging technology practices,
proximity model, providing clients with applied innovation, clarity of              including…
accountability, and measurable results. In 2017, examples of centers and
                                                                                    • The Next Unit in Finland advances
emerging technology practices that expanded our global network included:
                                                                                      knowledge in such areas as
                                                                                      augmented and virtual reality;
The opening of Security Operations        The launch of the Supply Chain
                                                                                      Internet of Things; artificial
Centers (SOCs) in France and              Center of Excellence in Lyon,
                                                                                      intelligence, robotics and machine
Germany, joining a network of eight       France, which develops new
                                                                                      learning; mobile applications; and
global SOCs worldwide, including          digital supply chain solutions. The
                                                                                      service design for multi-channel
those in Canada, Finland, the             showroom offers experience-based
                                                                                      customer interaction
Netherlands, the United Kingdom and       journeys, including building a
two in the United States. We also are     collaborative platform, creating a        • The Spark Lab in Lafayette,
one of only a handful of companies        digital customer experience, ensuring       Louisiana, co-located at the
with three accredited security            end-to-end control tower decision           University of Louisiana at Lafayette’s
evaluation labs, and were named to        support, improving logistics visibility     Research Park, includes the
the Advisory Board for the City of        and planning, and optimizing chain-         University’s National Science
Los Angeles Cybersecurity Lab.            of-production performance.                  Foundation Center for Visual Decision
                                                                                      and Informatics research institution
                                                                                    • The Digital Lab in Stuttgart,
                                                                                      Germany—with additional labs rolling
                                                                                      out in Hamburg and Munich—helps
                                                                                      clients digitally transform their software
                                                                                      development processes, enabling
                                                                                      them to bring innovative and high-
                                                                                      quality applications to market faster
36
                                                                                                 2017 ANNUAL REVIEW



End-to-end services
Helping clients transform into digital enterprises end to end
We deliver high-end IT and business consulting, systems integration and            Recognition
outsourcing services, complemented by intellectual property solutions,
to support clients in transforming into digital enterprises end to end.            CGI ranked as a “Leader” on
• High-end IT and business consulting and systems integration: Through             IAOP®’s 2017 The Global
  our industry expertise, strong client relationships and digital know-how,        Outsourcing 100® list, giving
  we partner with clients to provide expert advice in defining their digital       CGI “Sustained Excellence”
  strategy and roadmap, and for adopting an agile, iterative approach that         status for having made the list
  enables them to innovate, connect and rationalize legacy systems to              for more than five consecutive
  deliver enterprise-wide change.                                                  years. In addition, CGI is listed
• Outsourcing: By assuming full or partial responsibility for our clients’         as a top company for…
  IT and business functions, we deliver innovation, significant efficiency
  improvements and cost savings that allow them to improve how they                • Programs for innovation
  operate and transform their business.                                            • Customer references
• Intellectual property (IP): CGI’s 150+ digital business solutions support        • Programs for corporate
  our clients’ mission-critical business functions and accelerate their digital
                                                                                     social responsibility
  transformation. These industry and cross-industry solutions include
  digital-enabling software applications, reusable frameworks and innovative       • Awards and certifications
  delivery methodologies such as Software as a Service.




Representative 2017 announcements


  Long-term and                                                                   Intellectual property/
  full-service partner                                                            emerging technologies
  CGI partners with City of                                                       CGI announces new SEPA instant
  Los Angeles to provide cloud                                                    credit transfer solution
  migration and digital application
                                                                                  CGI chosen by the Netherlands’
  services, building on three-decade
                                                                                  National Police to evolve
  relationship (see spotlight on
                                                                                  successful digital community
  page 24)
                                                                                  policing solution
  CGI and Valmet sign an agreement
                                                                                  CGI delivers central market
  on global IT outsourcing
                                                                                  operating system at the heart
  CGI awarded Passport                                                            of competitive water market
  Production contract renewal with
                                                                                  CGI and its Bank partners achieve
  U.S. Department of State
                                          Driver of IT modernization              groundbreaking interoperability
  CGI selected by European data                                                   between CGI Trade360 and
  services provider Bisnode as             CGI awarded enterprise IT              Skuchain’s blockchain platform
  “one-stop” provider of technology        modernization contract by Aerojet
                                           Rocketdyne (see spotlight on           CGI and Rio Tinto expand
  management services in Sweden
                                           page 38)                               outsourcing partnership to include
  Handicare partners with CGI                                                     Industry 4.0 digital transformation
  through transformational                 Alectra Utilities chooses CGI to       initiatives
  outsourcing agreement to drive           transform merged IT platform
  its digital transformation               CGI selected to lead modernization
                                           of Colorado’s child welfare system
                                           European Commission selects CGI
                                           to oversee quality assurance and
                                           control for pan-European taxation
                                           and customs systems
                                           Los Angeles County Office
                                           of Education selects CGI for
                                           $68.7 million IT modernization


                                                                                                                        37
We deliver




             Aerojet Rocketdyne chooses
             CGI as strategic supplier for
             enterprise IT modernization
             Aeroject Rocketdyne, a world-leading
             provider of propulsion and energetic
             solutions for the aerospace and
             defense sectors, chose CGI in 2017
             to lead the overall transition of its
             traditional IT systems into a modern
             hybrid IT environment with required
             security features. As part of the
             transition, CGI is unifying disparate
             technologies, simplifying mobile
             platforms and developing strategies
             for aligning IT to business objectives.
             In support of the transformation,
             CGI is providing technology,
             consulting services, frameworks
             and practices needed to secure
             and manage the company’s entire
             IT portfolio. A key solution involved
             is CGI Unify360, which is digitally
             enabling the transition and will drive
             cost savings, as well as enhanced
             security and compliance. Through
             CGI Unify360, the company also
             will benefit from increased flexibility
             and agility in responding to fast-
             changing business demands.




             Aerojet Rocketdyne’s
             commitment to the success
             of its clients’ groundbreaking
             missions for the past 70 years
             has required a level of innovation
             unique to the IT and aerospace
             industry’s spirit of exploration.
             CGI is becoming a strategic
             supplier as we look toward the
             coming decades of exploration,
             innovation and technological
             development in support
             of our space and national
             security clients.
             Mark Angelo, Vice-President of Information
             Technology, Aerojet Rocketdyne,
             El Segundo, California, United States




38
                                                                               2017 ANNUAL REVIEW



Operational excellence
CGI clients expect consistency of service wherever and whenever they
engage us. We have an outstanding track record of on-time, within budget
delivery as a result of our commitment to excellence and adherence to
the CGI Management Foundation (see page 7).
Made up of the CGI Constitution and our common policies, frameworks,
processes, principles and measures, the Management Foundation governs
our relationships with all stakeholders, fosters alignment across our global
organization, and drives operational excellence and a focus on continuous
improvement in all that we do.
Through the Management Foundation, CGI has a long track record of
delivering the business outcomes and value our clients expect, helping to
accelerate their digital success and achieve sustainable profitable growth.




CGI has been our business partner for 20 years due to its quality
of service and client proximity business model. CGI is a first-class
partner that is fully committed to iA Financial Group’s success.
The extension and expansion of our long-term partnership will allow
us to allocate more resources to our projects and spur our digital
transformation, which remains a top priority for our company’s
growth. CGI has in-depth knowledge of the insurance industry
and extensive professional expertise that will help us enhance our
competitive advantage and achieve our strategic objectives.
Guy Daneau, Senior Vice-President, Information Systems, iA Financial Group,
Québec City, Canada




                                                                                              39
                                                              Leadership team

                                                              Serge Godin                        George D. Schindler
                                                              Founder and                        President and
                                                              Executive Chairman                 Chief Executive Officer
                                                              of the Board



                                                              Corporate Services


                                                              Julie Godin
                                                              Vice-Chair of the Board and Executive VP,
                                                              Chief Planning and Administration Officer

                                                              Bernard Labelle        Stanley L. Sims         Guy Vigeant
                                                              Senior VP,             VP, Chief Security      Senior VP, Mergers
                                                              Global Human           Officer                 and Acquisitions
                                                              Resources




Global Operations



                                                              U.S. COMMERCIAL
CANADA                         CGI FEDERAL                    AND STATE GOVERNMENT               UNITED KINGDOM


Mark Boyajian                  Tim Hurlebaus                  David L. Henderson                 Steve Thorn
President                      President                      President                          President


Chantal Buteau                 Candice Ling                   Richard Bissonette                 David Fitzpatrick
Québec City                    Regulatory Agency Programs     Industry Solutions                 Global Technology Operations

Lisa Carroll                   Stephanie Mango                Lynne Bushey                       Michael Herron
National Capital Region        Security, Administrative,      Mid-Atlantic                       South
                               Judicial and Enforcement
Rick Davidson                                                 Dave Delgado                       Tara McGeehan
Greater Toronto Banking        Keith Quigley                  West                               North and Energy, Utilities
and Global Wealth              Defense Programs                                                  and Telecommunications
                                                              Audrey Dunning
Shawn R. Derby                 Dave Ralston                   Great Lakes                        Neil Sadler
West                           Government Secure Solutions,                                      Greater London Area
                               CGI Inc.                       Christopher James                  and Financial Services
Michael Godin                                                 Southwest
Greater Montréal Commercial    George Strader                                                    Steve Thorn
and Public Services            Health and Compliance          Bill Robichaud                     Central Government
                               Programs                       New England
Benoit Godmaire                                                                                  Neil Timms
Greater Montréal               Kenyon Wells                   Vijay Srinivasan                   Space, Defence and Intelligence
Financial Services             International Diplomacy,       South
                               Assistance and Commerce
Marie T. MacDonald                                            Steven Starace
Global Technology Operations                                  East

Jay MacIssac
Greater Toronto Commercial
and Public Services

Paul Mackley
Atlantic

Ramana Rayavarapu
Services to Bell




40
                                                                                                                       2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




François Boulanger                                                      Benoit Dubé         Lorne Gorber     Mike Keating         Daniel Rocheleau
Executive VP, Chief Financial Officer                                   Executive VP,       Executive VP,    Senior VP, Global    Executive VP,
                                                                        Chief Legal Officer Global           Marketing and IP     Chief Business
                                                                        and Corporate       Communications   Strategy             Engineering Officer
Stuart A. Forman        Kevin Linder         Claude Marcoux             Secretary           and Investor
Senior VP,              Senior VP,           Senior VP,                                     Relations
Global Chief            Corporate            Engagement                 Arnaud David
Information Officer     Controller           Assessment Services        VP, Chief Data
                                                                        Protection Officer
Steve Perron            Jacques Roy
Senior VP,              Senior VP,
Finance and Treasury    Internal Audit




                                        FRANCE,                                                                 ASIA PACIFIC GLOBAL
                                        LUXEMBOURG                            EASTERN, CENTRAL                  DELIVERY CENTERS OF
NORTHERN EUROPE                         AND MOROCCO                           AND SOUTHERN EUROPE               EXCELLENCE


Heikki Nikku                            Jean-Michel Baticle                   Doug McCuaig                      George Mattackal
President                               President                             President                         President


Pär Fors                                Clément Bernard                       Dirk de Groot                     Rakesh Aerath
Sweden                                  Innovation Center of Excellence       Netherlands                       Financial Services
                                                                                                                Delivery Center
Tom Hauge                               Philippe Bouron                       Pavel Malinek
Norway                                  Business Consulting                   Czech Republic, Slovakia          Mark Aston
                                                                              and Eastern Europe                South East Asia
Michael Hermansen                       Fabien Debû
Denmark                                 East                                  Olivier Spreafico                 Gopal Chhetri
                                                                              Southern Europe and Brazil        Multi-Industry and Government
Leena-Mari Lähteenmaa                   Laurent Gerin                                                           Delivery Center
Global Technology                       South                                 Torsten Straß
Operations                                                                    Germany                           Jennifer Mecherippady
                                        Stéphane Jaubert                                                        Solutions Delivery Center
Bartlomiej Nieścierowicz                Consumer Packaged Goods,              Frank van Nistelrooij
Poland, Lithuania                       Retail and Manufacturing              Services to Shell                 Suprio Sengupta
and Latvia                                                                                                      Global Technology Operations
                                        David Kirchhoffer                     Ben Vicca
Martti Reilander                        Financial Services                    Belgium                           Sudhir Subbaraman
Advanced Analytics                      and Luxembourg                                                          Communications, Media
Solutions                                                                                                       and Utilities Delivery Center
                                        Daniel Lecerf
Tapio Volanen                           North
Finland and Estonia
                                        Gilles Le Franc
                                        West
                                                                                                                AUSTRALIA
                                        Michel Malhomme
                                        France and Morocco Global
                                        Delivery Centers                                                        Robert Dewar
                                                                                                                Brisbane
                                        Pierre-Dominique Martin                                                 Hobart
                                        Transportation, Public Sector                                           Melbourne
                                        and Human Resources                                                     Sydney

                                        Sassan Mohseni
                                        Energy, Utilities and
                                        Telecommunications

                                                                                                                                                41
Global footprint




                                                                    1

1 NORTH AMERICA
     CANADA
                                                                                                         2
     Alberta                Alaska                 Maine                Pennsylvania
     Calgary                Juneau                 Waterville           Philadelphia
     Edmonton                                                           Pittsburgh
                            Arizona                Maryland             Plymouth Meeting
     British Columbia       Phoenix                Annapolis Junction
     Burnaby                Sierra Vista           Baltimore            South Carolina
     Victoria               Tempe                  Lexington Park       Columbia
                            Tucson                                      North Charleston
     New Brunswick                                 Massachusetts
     Fredericton            California             Burlington           Tennessee
     Moncton                Los Angeles                                 Chattanooga
                            Oakland                Michigan             Nashville
     Nova Scotia            Sacramento             Lansing
     Halifax                San Diego                                   Texas
                            San Francisco          Minnesota            Austin
     Ontario                West Sacramento        Minneapolis          Belton
     Markham                                                            Dallas
     Mississauga            Colorado               New Jersey           Fort Worth
     Ottawa                 Denver                 Cranford             Houston
     Toronto                                       Hamilton Township    San Angelo
                            Connecticut                                 San Antonio
     Prince Edward Island   Gales Ferry            New York
     Stratford              Hartford               Albany
                                                   Buffalo
                                                                        Virginia
                                                                        Arlington
                                                                                           2 SOUTH AMERICA
     Quebec                 District of Columbia   New York City        Fairfax               BRAZIL
     Gatineau                                                           Lebanon               Mogi das Cruzes
     Montréal               Florida                Nevada               Manassas              São Paulo
     Québec City            Jacksonville           Las Vegas            Norfolk
     Saguenay
     Shawinigan
                            Tampa
                                                   North Carolina
                                                                        Richmond
                                                                        Sterling
                                                                                           3 EUROPE
     Sherbrooke             Georgia                Charlotte                                  BELGIUM
                            Albany                 Fayetteville         Washington            Brussels
     Saskatchewan           Atlanta                                     Seattle
     Regina                                        Ohio                                       CZECH REPUBLIC
     Saskatoon              Illinois               Athens               Wisconsin             Brno
                            Fairview Heights       Cleveland            Wausau                Ostrava
     UNITED STATES                                 Columbus                                   Prague
                            Kentucky
     Alabama                Frankfort              Oklahoma                                   DENMARK
     Birmingham                                    Edmond                                     Aalborg
     Huntsville             Louisiana              Lawton                                     Aarhus
     Mobile                 Lafayette                                                         Ballerup
     Troy                                                                                     Kolding

42
                                                                                    2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




  3                     A strong local presence
                        with 400 proximity business
                        units and project offices
  4
                                                          5
ENGLAND
Birmingham
Bristol
                   Grenoble
                   Le Mans
                   Lille
                                             LUXEMBOURG
                                             Bertrange
                                                                                           6
Chelmsford         Limoges                   NETHERLANDS
Gloucester         Lyon                      Arnhem
Leatherhead        Montpellier               Eindhoven             SPAIN
London             Nantes                    Groningen             Madrid
Manchester         Nice                      Hoofddorp             Málaga
Milton Keynes      Niort                     Maastricht
Reading            Orléans                   Rotterdam             SWEDEN
                   Paris                                           Borlänge
ESTONIA            Pau                       NORWAY                Bromölla
Tallinn            Rennes                    Bergen                Eskilstuna
Tartu              Saint-Denis
                   Strasbourg
                                             Grålum
                                             Haugesund
                                                                   Gällivare
                                                                   Gävle
                                                                                  4 AFRICA
FINLAND            Toulouse                  Oslo                  Göteborg          MOROCCO
Espoo                                        Stavanger             Härnösand         Casablanca
Hämeenlinna        GERMANY                   Tønsberg              Jönköping         Fez
Helsinki           Berlin                                          Kalmar            Rabat
Joensuu            Bremen                    POLAND                Karlskrona
Jyväskylä
Kouvola
                   Cologne
                   Darmstadt
                                             Krakow
                                             Poznan
                                                                   Karlstad
                                                                   Kiruna
                                                                                  5 ASIA
Kuopio             Düsseldorf                Warsaw                Linköping         INDIA
Lahti              Erfurt                    Wroclaw               Luleå             Bangalore
Lappeenranta       Hamburg                                         Malmö             Chennai
Mikkeli            Karlsruhe                 PORTUGAL              Norrköping        Hyderabad
Oulu               Leinfelden-Echterdingen   Lisbon                Örebro            Mumbai
Pori               Mannheim                  Odivelas              Örnsköldsvik
Riihimäki          München                   Porto                 Oskarshamn        MALAYSIA
Tampere            Sulzbach (Taunus)         Sacavém               Östersund         Kuala Lumpur
Tornio             Wolfsburg                 Sintra                Skara
Turku                                                              Skellefteå        PHILIPPINES
Vaasa              ITALY                     SCOTLAND              Stockholm         Manila
                   Frascati                  Aberdeen              Sundsvall
FRANCE
Aix-en-Provence    LATVIA
                                             Edinburgh
                                             Glasgow
                                                                   Umeå
                                                                   Västerås
                                                                                  6 AUSTRALIA
Amiens             Riga                      Newtown St Boswells                     Brisbane
Bordeaux                                                           WALES             Hobart
Brest              LITHUANIA                 SLOVAKIA              Bridgend          Melbourne
Clermont-Ferrand   Vilnius                   Bratislava            St Asaph          Sydney

                                                                                                    43
    Our
 communities                                        CGI members volunteering with Habitat for Humanity Toronto




                            Working together to build strong communities
                            CGI strives to be recognized by our communities as a caring and responsible
                            corporate citizen. This is one of the top strategic goals for the company,
                            and corporate social responsibility is one of our six values.
                            From delivering sustainable services and solutions, to donating our time
                            and talent, CGI professionals work tirelessly to strengthen the communities
                            that we — and our clients — call home.


       Creating services and solutions that benefit clients
       and those in their care
       Across industries, we partner with clients to deliver services and solutions that drive environmental
       and social sustainability, make cities smarter and improve the lives of citizens.
       Here are 2017 examples that illustrate how CGI combines innovative digital solutions with our
       community commitment to benefit organizations and those in their care.


                            Eversight connects stakeholders during the time-critical
                            donation and transplant process
                            Eversight is a not-for-profit organization with a mission to restore sight
                            and prevent blindness through the healing power of donation, transplants
                            and research. Eversight relies on CGI Notify, a digital tool that sends and
                            tracks notifications, as a communication channel to ensure that staff
                            and stakeholders are informed of all facets of tissue recovery, transport
                            and transplant processes — when time is the critical factor.
                            Eversight chose CGI Notify to interact with its nationwide network of
                            professionals who coordinate donated eye tissue recovery, transport and
                            storage. It also transmits and confirms receipt of important information,
                            and automatically escalates non-responsive teams to alternatives.

44
                                                                                                     2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




Chabla mobile service enables the deaf community
to converse by phone with anyone at anytime
In partnership with Chabla, CGI designed a mobile service to connect deaf
individuals with interpreters around the world, allowing them to pick up the
phone and converse with anyone quickly and easily. For a deaf person,
connecting with friends and family over the phone was not possible prior
to the Chabla app.
This first-of-its-kind application provides users with 24/7 global access
to online interpretation services in multiple languages. Deaf individuals also
have access to their own in-app phone number so others can call them.                  Without the Chabla app, it is
                                                                                       literally impossible for a person
                                                                                       who does not know sign
                                                                                       language to call a deaf person.
                                                                                       I’ve personally experienced
                                                                                       this many times. Through
                                                                                       our partnership with CGI,
                                                                                       we developed a digital solution
                                                                                       with an application that doesn’t
                                                                                       merely enable communication,
                                                                                       but significantly empowers
                                                                                       the deaf community.
                                                                                       Signmark (Marko Vuoriheimo),
                                                                                       Founder, Chabla,
                                                                                       Helsinki, Finland




Transforming food management and distribution
Food service providers are challenged with meeting the demands for fresh,
delicious, versatile, healthy and cost-efficient meals while also providing
information about their products to customers and regulatory agencies.
CGI’s Aromi solution offers powerful planning tools to food service providers
so they can concentrate on food and not logistics. Aromi helps clients maintain
their own menus, product data, vendors and recipes, while receiving valuable
information, including real-time cost, sustainability and nutrition details. It also
has features that reduce food waste in the production process.


                                           Burgernet: New digital technologies get citizens
                                           more involved in police work
                                           The Dutch Police asked CGI to build and maintain the next generation of
                                           a digital community policing solution: Burgernet 2.0. The solution provides
                                           citizens, municipalities and the police with a digital collaboration platform to
                                           work together to combat crime and enhance the safety of local communities.
                                           Burgernet is a virtual citizens’ network that allows a police control room
                                           operator to send mobile alerts to participating citizens related to suspicious or
                                           criminal activity, such as a missing person, reported burglary or stolen vehicle.
                                           Through these alerts, Burgernet participants receive the details of an incident
                                           so that they can be vigilant and report any information they might have.
                                           With this digitally enhanced system, the police can expand their network and
                                           improve communications, including adding social media capabilities to support
                                           the real-time exchange of photos and videos, and integrating digital messaging
                                           boards along major transportation routes.

                                                                                                                         45
Our Communities




                                          Putting CGI’s innovative spirit into action
                                          to benefit our communities
                                          We take the skills required to be a leading IT services company —
                                          problem solving, creativity and commitment — and put them to
                                          work to make a positive difference. Here are some representative
                                          examples of how CGI professionals contributed to the well-being
                                          of our communities in 2017.




                                          Creating quality jobs and building
                                          the future digital workforce
                                          Developer Schools: In France and the Czech Republic, CGI offers intensive
                                          development programs to help new university graduates, as well as individuals
                                          with a firm grasp on IT, hone and develop the skills needed to succeed.
                                          In France, CGI seeks to recruit this year 180 members through U’DEV (developer
                                          university), which launched in September 2017. In the Czech Republic, CGI
                                          hosts IT training “boot camps” for an intensive five-month program, with
                                          graduates offered full-time jobs with CGI upon completion.
                                          Future Talent Program: In Finland, the Future Talent Program offers hundreds
                                          of “traineeships” each year for a duration of 4-5 months. Each trainee is
                                          assigned an experienced sponsor to support and guide them during the
                                          program. In addition to versatile work assignments, the program provides
                                          expert training, familiarization with CGI activities, career opportunities and
                                          client visits.
                                                                                   Sponsored degree apprenticeship:
                                                                                   In the UK, CGI offers a number of
                                                                                   apprenticeships that enable talented
                                                                                   students to gain a degree debt-free
                                                                                   while embarking on their professional
                                                                                   careers. The program offers students
                                                                                   a mix of university time and work
                                                                                   days where they work on projects
                                                                                   across CGI’s UK business, making
                                                                                   significant contributions within
                                                                                   their roles.

The 2017 graduates of the CGI             Collaborative programs: In the U.S., CGI’s seven onshore delivery centers
Degree Apprenticeship initiative in the   foster strong partnerships between industry, government and education.
UK, which is a three-year program
                                          These centers have become expert in building partnerships with local
combining work at CGI with studies at
                                          universities, technical institutes and workforce development agencies to
the University of Winchester.
                                          help develop a highly trained IT workforce.
                                          Women of CGI: CGI’s grassroots network of women professionals across our
                                          global operations help women at CGI connect with one another and build their
                                          careers. Organized into self-led local chapters, the groups host social events,
                                          panel discussions, community service events and career building seminars.
                                          Through these groups, CGI members serve as ambassadors to serving women
                                          within CGI and their communities.

46
                                                                                        2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




Walking together toward better health
The Walk Around the World is an annual event that encourages CGI members
to walk together on the same day as a sign of our shared commitment to
health and well-being. After more than 300 million steps together, this
year marked the event’s 10th anniversary. To commemorate the
milestone, CGI invited clients and representatives from community
organizations to walk with us. Together, we were a symbol of
the CGI spirit and our commitment to health within our local
communities around the world.




                                 Montréal, Canada



                                                                                           Québec City, Canada




                                                                           CGI was selected within top
                                                                           indices that cover the world’s most
                                                                           sustainable companies, including:
                                                                           • RobecoSAM and
                                                                             S&P Dow Jones
                                                                             Sustainability Indices
                                                    Bordeaux, France       • MSCI
                                                                           • FTSE4Good Index Series
                                                                           In addition, CGI continued to
                                                                           improve its position with respect to
                                                                           the Carbon Disclosure Project in
                                                                           recognition for taking further steps
                                                                           to effectively reduce emissions,
                                                                           indicating more advanced
                              Hyderabad, India                             environmental stewardship.




                                                                                                            47
Our Communities



Dream Connectors
Making a difference in our communities around the world
The CGI Dream Connectors program deepens our commitment to serving our
communities. In this inaugural year, after a company-wide vote, seven projects
were selected to receive CGI support, which included access to IT, facilities
and funding, as well as the strength of member volunteers.
Here is an overview of the projects that were completed during 2017 — which
included 500 members volunteering more than 5,200 hours of their time.

                                         Canada
                                         Supporting Habitat for Humanity by building an end-to-end customer
                                         relationship management solution, and helping to build homes
                                         The work being done will impact all of our stakeholders in a positive way and
                                         will directly impact our ability to help more families who need our support
                                         in our community. We are greatly appreciative of the commitment and
                                         professionalism CGI has shown us during this process. We are truly thankful.
                                         Rob Lee, Vice-President of ReStores, Habitat for Humanity Toronto

                                         Finland
                                         Developing the Helping Hand app to help the Finnish Association
                                         for Mental Health match volunteers to people in need

                                         France
                                         Training CGI members to become coaches for young job seekers in
                                         partnership with the organization Rézo City
                                         Rézo City helped me discover my career goals and visualize how to accomplish
                                         them. The coaches really listened to us and were very approachable.
                                         Tanrhori Smael, a trainee benefitting from the
                                         program (more than half of the candidates have
                                         found employment)

                                         India
                                         Supporting better access to education
                                         through donations, volunteer hours and
                                         facility improvements at Gowdihalli village
                                         primary school

                                         Portugal
                                         Building a database and supporting facility
                                         improvements for the Mimar Association’s
                                         Mimar House in Portugal, which shelters
                                         young children from at risk environments
                                         CGI’s support by providing a new car for driving the children and by upgrading
                                         the home and play garden to a safer environment has been of the utmost
                                         importance to help the children discover that the world is much bigger than us
                                         and to feel safe and secure. From all of them, thank you CGI and all members
                                         inside CGI for taking us outside.
                                         Sofia Pombo e Costa, Mimar Association President

                                         United Kingdom
                                         Teaching children about Internet safety

                                         United States
                                         Holding nine STEM (science, technology,                 Learn more at
                                         engineering and math) camps in                         cgi.com/dream-
                                         six communities reaching 450 students                    connectors.




48
                                                                                                                                                         2017 ANNUAL REVIEW




CAPITAL MARKETS
Client insights
and CGI perspectives on
digital transformation




                                                                       STATE AND LOCAL
                                                                       GOVERNMENT
2017 CGI Client Global Insights                                        Client insights
An outlook on trends and priorities based on in-person conversations
with business and technology executives around the world
                                                                       and CGI
                                                                       perspectives
                                                                       on digital
                                                                       transformation




                                                                       2017 CGI Client Global Insights
                                                                       An outlook on trends and priorities based on in-person conversations
                                                                       with business and technology executives around the world
                                                                                                                                              RETAIL AND
                                                                                                                                              CONSUMER
                                                                                                                                              SERVICES
                                                                                                                                              Client insights
                                                                                                                                              and CGI
                                                                                                                                              perspectives
                                                                                                                                              on digital
                                                                                                                                              transformation

                                                                                                                                              2017 CGI Client Global Insights
                                                                                                                                              An outlook on trends and priorities based
                                                                                                                                              on in-person conversations with business
                                                                                                                                              and technology executives around the world




              CGI Client Global Insights
               Turning insights into investments that drive client innovation
               The 2017 CGI Client Global Insights demonstrate an increased urgency among business
               and IT leaders to transform to meet the digital expectations of their customers and citizens.
               The insights also reveal that organizations are at a pivot point in their digital transformation,
               with executives moving from planning to execution of their digital strategies.
               The insights are based on findings from in-person discussions with 1,300 business and IT
               leaders across 10 industries and 17 countries to identify the trends affecting their organizations
               and the implications for their business. They are shared through a series of industry reports to
               provide valuable perspectives and actionable counsel to drive forward clients’ future strategies
               and investments.
               Request your copy at cgi.com/globalinsights.
                        Founded in 1976, CGI is one of the largest IT and business
                        consulting services firms in the world. Operating in
                        hundreds of locations across the globe, CGI professionals
                        help clients to achieve their goals, including becoming
                        customer-centric digital organizations. We deliver an
                        end-to-end portfolio of capabilities, from high-end IT and
                        business consulting to systems integration, outsourcing
                        services and intellectual property solutions that help
                        accelerate clients’ results.
                        CGI works with clients around the world through a
                        unique client proximity model complemented by a global
                        delivery center of excellence network to help clients
                        accelerate results, transform their organizations and drive
                        competitive advantage.


                                                  cgi.com




© 2017 CGI Group Inc.

Aromi, BioIgnition, CGI, CGI Advantage, CGI Collections360, CGI CommunityCare360, CGI Notify, CGI ProperPay,
CGI Retail Xp360, CGI Trade360, CGI Unify360, CGI Wealth360, Experience the commitment, HotScan, Momentum,
Ratabase and Sm@rtering are trademarks or registered trademarks of CGI Group Inc. or its related companies. IAOP
and The Global Outsourcing 100 are registered trademarks of IAOP. Microsoft and HoloLens are either registered
trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
                  CGI Group Inc.




             2017 Annual Report


   CGI’s 2017 Annual Report is comprised
          of two separate volumes:


       Volume 1: 2017 Annual Review
                               &
       Volume 2: Fiscal 2017 Results



Volume 2 of the Annual Report
     follows this page.
         (this page does not part of the Annual Report)
 FISCAL
  2017
RESULTS




  Local experts.
  Global insights.
      CONTENTS
1     Management’s Discussion and Analysis

59    Management’s and Auditors’ Reports

63    Consolidated Financial Statements

121   Shareholder Information
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




Management’s Discussion and Analysis



November 8, 2017



Basis of Presentation
This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the Financial Position and Results of Operations (MD&A) is the responsibility
of management and has been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors. This MD&A has been prepared in accordance
with the requirements of the Canadian Securities Administrators. The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for reviewing
and approving the MD&A. The Board of Directors carries out this responsibility mainly through its Audit and Risk Management
Committee, which is appointed by the Board of Directors and is comprised entirely of independent and financially literate
directors.

Throughout this document, CGI Group Inc. is referred to as “CGI”, “we”, “our” or “Company”. This MD&A provides information
management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated results of operations and financial
condition of the Company. This document should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements
and the notes thereto for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016. CGI’s accounting policies are in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). All
dollar amounts are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted.



Materiality of Disclosures
This MD&A includes information we believe is material to investors. We consider something to be material if it results in, or
would reasonably be expected to result in, a significant change in the market price or value of our shares, or if it is likely that
a reasonable investor would consider the information to be important in making an investment decision.



Forward-Looking Statements
All statements in this MD&A that do not directly and exclusively relate to historical facts constitute “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the United States Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are “forward-looking information” within the meaning of Canadian securities laws.
These statements and this information represent CGI’s intentions, plans, expectations and beliefs, and are subject to risks,
uncertainties and other factors, of which many are beyond the control of the Company. These factors could cause actual
results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements or forward-looking information. These factors include but are
not restricted to: the timing and size of new contracts; acquisitions and other corporate developments; the ability to attract
and retain qualified employees; market competition in the rapidly evolving information technology industry; general economic
and business conditions; foreign exchange and other risks identified or incorporated by reference in this MD&A and in other
public disclosure documents filed with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities (on SEDAR at www.sedar.com) and the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (on EDGAR at www.sec.gov), as well as assumptions regarding the foregoing.
The words “believe”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “anticipate”, “foresee”, “plan”, and similar expressions and variations thereof,
identify certain of such forward-looking statements or forward-looking information, which speak only as of the date on which
they are made. In particular, statements relating to future performance are forward-looking statements and forward-looking
information. CGI disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or forward-
looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements or on this forward-looking information.
You will find more information about the risks that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from our current
expectations in section 10 – Risk Environment.




                                                                                                                                  1
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      Non-GAAP and Key Performance Measures
      The reader should note that the Company reports its financial results in accordance with IFRS. However, we use a combination
      of financial measures, ratios, and non-GAAP measures to assess our Company’s performance. The non-GAAP measures
      used in this MD&A do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and are therefore unlikely to be comparable
      to similar measures presented by other issuers. These measures should be considered as supplemental in nature and not as
      a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS.

      The table below summarizes our non-GAAP measures and most relevant key performance measures:


       Profitability       • Adjusted EBIT (non-GAAP) – is a measure of earnings excluding acquisition-related and integration
                             costs, restructuring costs, net finance costs and income tax expense as these items are not directly
                             related to the cost of operations. Management believes this measure is useful to investors as it best
                             reflects the Company's operating profitability and allows for better comparability from period to period
                             as well as to trend analysis in our operations. A reconciliation of the adjusted EBIT to its closest IFRS
                             measure can be found in section 3.7 of the present document.
                           • Net earnings – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders.
                           • Diluted earnings per share (diluted EPS) – is a measure of earnings generated for shareholders on a
                              per share basis, assuming all dilutive elements are exercised.
                           • Net earnings excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is a measure of net earnings excluding certain items
                              not considered by management to be part of our day to day operations. By excluding these items, it
                              provides a better evaluation of operating performance using the same measures as management.
                              Management believes that, as a result, investors are afforded greater transparency in assessing the true
                              operational performance of the Company, and that it also provides better comparability from period to
                              period. A reconciliation of the net earnings excluding specific items to its closest IFRS measure can be
                              found in section 3.8.3. of the present document.
                           • Basic and diluted earnings per share excluding specific items (non-GAAP) – is defined as the net earnings
                              excluding specific items (non-GAAP) on a per share basis. Management believes that this measure is
                              useful to investors as it best reflects the Company's operating profitability on a per share basis and allows
                              for better comparability from period to period. The basic and diluted earnings per share reported in
                              accordance with IFRS can be found in section 3.8 of the present document while the basic and diluted
                              earnings per share excluding specific items can be found in section 3.8.3 of the present document.

       Liquidity           • Cash provided by operating activities – is a measure of cash generated from managing our day-to-day
                              business operations. We believe strong operating cash flow is indicative of financial flexibility, allowing
                              us to execute our Company's strategy.
                           • Days sales outstanding (DSO) (non-GAAP) – is the average number of days needed to convert our trade
                              receivables and work in progress into cash. DSO is obtained by subtracting deferred revenue from trade
                              accounts receivable and work in progress; the result is divided by the quarter’s revenue over 90 days.
                              Deferred revenue is net of the fair value adjustments on revenue-generating contracts established upon
                              a business combination. Management tracks this metric closely to ensure timely collection and healthy
                              liquidity, and is committed to a DSO target of 45 days or less. We believe this measure is useful to
                              investors as it demonstrates the Company's ability to timely convert its trade receivables and work in
                              progress into cash.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                       Page    2




        2
                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




       Growth              • Constant currency growth (non-GAAP) – is a measure of revenue growth before foreign currency impacts.
                             This growth is calculated by translating current period results in local currency using the conversion rates
                             in the equivalent period from the prior year. Management believes that it is helpful to adjust revenue to
                             exclude the impact of currency fluctuations to facilitate period-to-period comparisons of business
                             performance. We believe that this measure is useful to investors for the same reason.
                           • Backlog (non-GAAP) – includes new contract wins, extensions and renewals (bookings (non-GAAP)),
                             partially offset by the backlog consumed during the period as a result of client work performed and
                             adjustments related to the volume, cancellation and the impact of foreign currencies to our existing
                             contracts. Backlog incorporates estimates from management that are subject to change. Management
                             tracks this measure as it is a key indicator of management's best estimate of revenue to be realized in
                             the future and believes that this measure is useful to investors for the same reason.
                           • Book-to-bill ratio (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the proportion of the value of our bookings to our revenue
                             in the period. This metric allows management to monitor the Company’s business development efforts
                             to ensure we grow our backlog and our business over time and management believes that this measure
                             is useful to investors for the same reason. Management remains committed to maintaining a target ratio
                             greater than 100% over a trailing twelve-month period. Management believes that a longer period is a
                             more representative measure as the services and contract type, size and timing of bookings could cause
                             this measurement to fluctuate significantly if taken for only a three-month period.

       Capital             • Net debt (non-GAAP) – is obtained by subtracting from our debt our cash and cash equivalents, short-
       Structure             term investments, long-term investments and fair value of foreign currency derivative financial
                             instruments related to debt. Management uses the net debt metric to monitor the Company's financial
                             leverage. We believe that this metric is useful to investors as it provides insight into our financial strength.
                             A reconciliation of net debt to its closest IFRS measure can be found in section 4.5 of the present
                             document.
                           • Net debt to capitalization ratio (non-GAAP) – is a measure of our level of financial leverage and is obtained
                             by dividing the net debt by the sum of shareholder's equity and debt. Management uses the net debt to
                             capitalization ratio to monitor the proportion of debt versus capital used to finance our operations and
                             to assess the Company's financial strength. We believe that this metric is useful to investors for the same
                             reasons.
                           • Return on equity (ROE) (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the rate of return on the ownership interest of
                             our shareholders and is calculated as the proportion of net earnings for the last 12 months over the last
                             four quarters' average equity. Management looks at ROE to measure its efficiency at generating net
                             earnings for the Company’s shareholders and how well the Company uses the invested funds to generate
                             net earnings growth. We believe that this measure is useful to investors for the same reasons.
                           • Return on invested capital (ROIC) (non-GAAP) – is a measure of the Company’s efficiency at allocating
                             the capital under its control to profitable investments and is calculated as the proportion of the net earnings
                             excluding net finance costs after-tax for the last 12 months, over the last four quarters' average invested
                             capital, which is defined as the sum of equity and net debt. Management examines this ratio to assess
                             how well it is using its funds to generate returns. We believe that this measure is useful to investors for
                             the same reason.


      Reporting segments
      The Company's operations are managed through the following seven operating segments, referred to as our Strategic Business
      Units, namely: United States of America (U.S.); Nordics; Canada; France (including Luxembourg and Morocco) (France);
      United Kingdom (U.K.); Eastern, Central and Southern Europe (primarily Netherlands and Germany) (ECS); and Asia Pacific
      (including Australia, India and the Philippines) (Asia Pacific). Please refer to sections 3.4, 3.6, 5.3 and 5.4 of the present
      document and to note 28 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on our segments.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                         Page    3




                                                                                                                                           3
Management's Discussion and Analysis




MD&A Objectives and Contents
In this document, we:
•    Provide a narrative explanation of the audited consolidated financial statements through the eyes of management;

•       Provide the context within which the audited consolidated financial statements should be analyzed, by giving enhanced
        disclosure about the dynamics and trends of the Company’s business; and

•       Provide information to assist the reader in ascertaining the likelihood that past performance is indicative of future performance.

In order to achieve these objectives, this MD&A is presented in the following main sections:

Section                           Contents                                                                                      Pages

1.       Corporate                A description of our business and how we generate revenue as well as the markets in
         Overview                 which we operate.

                                  1.1.    About CGI                                                                                6
                                  1.2.    Vision and Strategy                                                                      7
                                  1.3.    Competitive Environment                                                                  8

2.       Highlights and Key       A summary of key highlights during the year, the past three years' key performance
         Performance              measures, and CGI’s stock performance.
         Measures
                                  2.1.    Fiscal 2017 Year-Over-Year Highlights                                                    9
                                  2.2.    Selected Yearly Information & Key Performance Measures                                  10
                                  2.3.    Stock Performance                                                                       11
                                  2.4.    Investments in Subsidiaries                                                             12
                                  2.5.    Subsequent Event                                                                        13

3.       Financial Review         A discussion of year-over-year changes to financial results between the years ended
                                  September 30, 2017 and 2016, describing the factors affecting revenue and adjusted EBIT
                                  on a consolidated and reportable segment basis, and also by describing the factors
                                  affecting changes in the major expense categories. Also discussed are bookings broken
                                  down by contract type, service type, segment, and by vertical market.

                                  3.1.    Bookings and Book-to-Bill Ratio                                                         14
                                  3.2.    Foreign Exchange                                                                        15
                                  3.3.    Revenue Distribution                                                                    16
                                  3.4.    Revenue by Segment                                                                      17
                                  3.5.    Operating Expenses                                                                      19
                                  3.6.    Adjusted EBIT by Segment                                                                20
                                  3.7.    Earnings Before Income Taxes                                                            21
                                  3.8.    Net Earnings and Earnings Per Share                                                     23




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                     Page    4




    4
                                                                                                                   FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




Section                           Contents                                                                                        Pages

4.     Liquidity                  A discussion of changes in cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities.
                                  This section also describes the Company’s available capital resources, financial
                                  instruments, and off-balance sheet financing and guarantees. Measures of capital structure
                                  (net debt to capitalization ratio, ROE, and ROIC) and liquidity (DSO) are analyzed on a
                                  year-over-year basis.

                                  4.1.    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                    25
                                  4.2.    Capital Resources                                                                        28
                                  4.3.    Contractual Obligations                                                                  29
                                  4.4.    Financial Instruments and Hedging Transactions                                           29
                                  4.5.    Selected Measures of Capital Resources and Liquidity                                     30
                                  4.6.    Off-Balance Sheet Financing and Guarantees                                               30
                                  4.7.    Capability to Deliver Results                                                            31

5.     Fourth Quarter             A discussion of year-over-year changes to the unaudited operating results between the
       Results                    three months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, describing the factors affecting
                                  revenue, adjusted EBIT earnings on a consolidated and reportable segment basis as well
                                  as cash from operating, investing and financing activities.

                                  5.1.    Bookings and Book-to-Bill Ratio                                                          32
                                  5.2.    Foreign Exchange                                                                         33
                                  5.3.    Revenue by Segment                                                                       34
                                  5.4.    Adjusted EBIT by Segment                                                                 37
                                  5.5.    Net Earnings and Earnings Per Share                                                      39
                                  5.6.    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                                    41

6.     Eight Quarter              A summary of the past eight quarters’ key performance measures and a discussion of the           43
       Summary                    factors that could impact our quarterly results.

7.     Changes in                 A summary of the future accounting standard changes.                                             45
       Accounting Policies

8.     Critical Accounting        A discussion of the critical accounting estimates made in the preparation of the audited         47
       Estimates                  consolidated financial statements.


9.     Integrity of               A discussion of the existence of appropriate information systems, procedures and controls        50
       Disclosure                 to ensure that information used internally and disclosed externally is complete and reliable.

10.    Risk Environment           A discussion of the risks affecting our business activities and what may be the impact if
                                  these risks are realized.

                                  10.1.    Risks and Uncertainties                                                                 51
                                  10.2.    Legal Proceedings                                                                       58




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                       Page    5




                                                                                                                                         5
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




1.    1. Corporate
      Corporate    Overview
                Overview


      1.1. ABOUT CGI

      Founded in 1976 and headquartered in Montréal, Canada, CGI is among the largest independent Information Technology (IT)
      and business consulting services firms in the world. CGI delivers an end-to-end portfolio of capabilities, including high-end IT
      and business consulting, systems integration, and outsourcing. CGI’s Intellectual Property (IP) solutions, combined with in-
      depth industry expertise, a unique client proximity and best-fit global delivery network enable CGI to partner with clients around
      the world to accelerate results, transform their organizations, and drive competitive advantage. The Company employs
      approximately 71,000 professionals worldwide.

      End-to-end services and solutions
      CGI delivers end-to-end services that cover the full spectrum of technology delivery; from digital strategy and architecture to
      solution design, development, integration, implementation, and operations. Our portfolio encompasses:

            •    High-end IT and business consulting and systems integration: CGI helps clients create their digital strategy
                 and roadmap, adopting an agile, iterative approach that enables them to innovate, connect and rationalize legacy
                 systems to deliver enterprise-wide change.

            •    Outsourcing: Our clients entrust us with full or partial responsibility for their IT and business functions. In return,
                 we deliver innovation, significant efficiency improvements, and cost savings. Typical services in an end-to-end
                 engagement include: application development, integration and maintenance; technology infrastructure
                 management; and business process services, such as collections and payroll management. Outsourcing contracts
                 are long-term in nature, with a typical duration of five to ten or more years, allowing our clients to reinvest savings,
                 further driving investments in their digital transformations.

      Deep industry expertise
      CGI has long standing and focused practices in all of our core industries, providing clients with a partner that is not only an
      expert in IT, but expert in their industries. This combination of business knowledge and digital technology expertise allows us
      to help our clients adapt with shifts in consumer and citizen expectations and market dynamics and, in the process, allows us
      to evolve the services and solutions we deliver within those industries.

      Our targeted industries include: government, financial services, health, utilities, communications, oil & gas, manufacturing,
      retail & consumer services, transportation and post & logistics. While these represent our go-to-market industry targets, we
      group these industries into the following for reporting purposes: government; financial services; health; communications &
      utilities; and manufacturing, retail & distribution (MRD).

      As the move toward digitalization continues across industries, CGI partners with clients to help guide them in becoming
      customer-centric digital organizations.

      Digital IP solutions

      CGI’s comprehensive portfolio of IP solutions supports our clients’ mission-critical business functions and accelerates their
      digital transformation. We offer more than 150 IP-based solutions for the industries we serve, as well as cross-industry solutions.
      These solutions include digital-enabling software applications, reusable frameworks and innovative delivery methodologies
      such as Software as a Service.

      Applied innovation
      CGI is a trusted partner with more than 40 years of experience in delivering innovative, client-inspired business services and
      solutions. Through our day-to-day project engagements as well as global programs and investments, CGI partners with clients
      to deliver practical innovations that are replicable, scalable, and deliver measurable results. We help develop, innovate and
      protect the technology that enables clients to achieve their digital transformation goals faster with reduced risk and enduring
      results.


CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                     Page    6




        6
                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      Quality processes
      CGI clients expect consistency of service wherever and whenever they engage us. We have an outstanding track record of
      on-time, within-budget delivery as a result of our commitment to excellence and our robust governance model - the CGI
      Management Foundation. The CGI Management Foundation provides a common business language, frameworks and
      practices for managing all operations consistently across the globe, driving a focus on continuous improvement. We also
      invest in rigorous quality and service delivery standards (including ISO and Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI)
      certification programs), as well as a comprehensive Client Satisfaction Assessment Program, with signed client assessments,
      to ensure high satisfaction on an ongoing basis.

      1.2. VISION AND STRATEGY

      CGI is unique compared to most companies. We not only have a vision, but also a dream: “To create an environment in which
      we enjoy working together and, as owners, contribute to building a company we can be proud of.” This dream has motivated
      us since our founding in 1976 and drives our vision: “To be a global, world-class end-to-end IT and business consulting services
      leader helping our clients succeed.”

      In pursuing this dream and vision, CGI has been highly disciplined throughout its history in executing a Build and Buy profitable
      growth strategy comprised of four pillars that combine profitable organic growth (Build) and accretive acquisitions (Buy):

           Pillar 1: Smaller contract wins, renewals and extensions

           Pillar 2: Large, long-term outsourcing contracts

           Pillar 3: Small firm or niche player acquisitions

           Pillar 4: Large, transformational acquisitions

      The first two pillars relate to driving profitable organic growth through the pursuit of contracts - both large and small - with new
      and existing clients in our targeted industries.

      The last two pillars focus on growth through niche and large acquisitions. We identify niche acquisitions through a strategic
      qualification process that systematically searches for targets to strengthen our local proximity in metro markets, our industry
      expertise and enhance our services and solutions. We also pursue large acquisitions to further expand our geographic presence
      and critical mass, which enables us to compete for large outsourcing contracts and broaden our client relationships. CGI will
      continue to be a consolidator in the IT services industry.

      Executing our strategy
      CGI’s strategy is executed through a unique business model that combines client proximity with an extensive global delivery
      network to deliver the following benefits:

           •     Local relationships and accountability: We live and work near our clients to provide a high level of responsiveness,
                 partnership, and innovation. Our local CGI professionals speak our clients' language, understand their business
                 environment, and collaborate to meet their goals and advance their business.
           •     Global reach: Our local presence is complemented by an expansive global delivery network that ensures our clients
                 have 24/7 access to best-fit digital capabilities and resources to meet their end-to-end needs. In addition, clients
                 benefit from our unique combination of industry domain and technology expertise within our global delivery model.
           •     Committed experts: One of our key strategic goals is to be our clients’ expert of choice. To achieve this, we invest
                 in developing and recruiting professionals with extensive industry, business and technology expertise, particularly
                 in high-demand areas, such as agile services, DevOps, artificial intelligence and robotics, cloud, cybersecurity,
                 blockchain, data analytics and the Internet of Things. In addition, more than 80% of CGI professionals are also
                 shareholders, providing an added level of commitment to the success of our clients.

CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                     Page   7




                                                                                                                                       7
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




            •       Comprehensive quality processes: CGI’s investment in quality frameworks and rigorous client
                    satisfaction assessments has resulted in a consistent track record of on-time and within-budget project delivery.

      1.3. COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT
      In today’s digital era, there is a competitive urgency for organizations across industries to become digital in a sustainable way.
      The pressure is on to modernize legacy assets and connect them to digital business and operating models. Central to this
      massive transformation is the evolving role of technology. Traditionally viewed as an enabler, technology is now recognized
      as a driver of business transformation. The promise of digital creates an enormous opportunity to transform organizations
      end-to-end, and CGI is well-positioned to serve as a digital partner and expert of choice. We’re working with clients across
      the globe to implement digital strategies, roadmaps and solutions that revolutionize the customer/citizen experience, drive the
      launch of new products and services, and deliver efficiencies and cost savings.

      As the demand for digitalization increases, competition within the global IT industry is intensifying. CGI’s competition comprises
      a variety of players; from niche companies providing specialized services and software, to global, end-to-end IT service
      providers, to large consulting firms. All of these players are competing to deliver some or all of the services we provide. Many
      factors distinguish the industry leaders, including the following:

                •    Depth and breadth of industry and technology expertise;

                •    Consistent, on-time, within-budget delivery everywhere the client operates;

                •    Total cost of services and value delivered;

                •    Breadth of digital IP solutions;

                •    Ability to deliver practical innovation for measurable results;

                •    Global, nearshore and onshore delivery network options; and

                •    Local presence and strength of client relationships.

      CGI compares very favourably with the competition with respect to all of these factors. We’re not only delivering all of the
      capabilities clients need to compete in a digital world, but the immediate results and long-term value they expect. As the
      market dynamics and industry trends continue to increase demand for enterprise solutions from global, end-to-end IT and
      business consulting services firms, CGI is one of few firms with the scale, reach, and capabilities to meet clients’ enterprise
      needs.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                    Page     8




        8
                                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




2. 2. Highlights
   Highlights andand
                  KeyKey Performance
                      Performance    Measures
                                  Measures

      2.1. FISCAL 2017 YEAR-OVER-YEAR HIGHLIGHTS

          •    Revenue of $10.8 billion, up 1.5%, or 4.3% in constant currency;

          •    Adjusted EBIT of $1,586.6 million, up $26.3 million;

          •    Adjusted EBIT margin of 14.6%, stable;

          •    Net earnings of $1,035.2 million, down $33.5 million;

          •    Net earnings excluding specific items1 of $1,107.0 million, up $25.5 million;

          •    Net earnings margin of 9.5%, down 50 basis points;

          •    Net earnings margin excluding specific items1 of 10.2%, up 10 basis points;

          •    Diluted EPS of $3.41, down 0.3%;

          •    Diluted EPS excluding specific items1 of $3.65, up 5.5%;

          •    Bookings of $11.3 billion, or 104% of revenue;

          •    Backlog of $20.8 billion, down $80.5 million; and,

          •    Cash provided by operating activities of $1,358.6, or 12.5% of revenue.
           1
               Specific items include the acquisition-related and integration costs, restructuring costs, both net of tax, which are discussed in sections 3.7.1. and 3.7.2.
               of the present document.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                                                    Page      9




                                                                                                                                                                        9
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      2.2. SELECTED YEARLY INFORMATION & KEY PERFORMANCE MEASURES

                                                                                                                                      Change 2017 / Change 2016 /
          As at and for the years ended September 30,                          2017                2016                2015               2016          2015
          In millions of CAD unless otherwise noted
          Growth
          Revenue                                                            10,845.1            10,683.3            10,287.1                161.8      396.2
          Year-over-year revenue growth                                        1.5%                3.9%               (2.0%)                 (2.4%)     5.9%
          Constant currency year-over-year revenue growth                      4.3%                0.2%               (4.0%)                 4.1%       4.2%
          Backlog                                                             20,813              20,893              20,711                  (80)       182
          Bookings                                                            11,284              11,731              11,640                 (447)       91
          Book-to-bill ratio                                                 104.1%               109.8%              113.2%                 (5.7%)    (3.4%)
          Profitability
          Adjusted EBIT                                                      1,586.6              1,560.3             1,457.3                 26.3      103.0
           Adjusted EBIT margin                                               14.6%               14.6%                14.2%                  —%        0.4%
          Net earnings                                                       1,035.2              1,068.7              977.6                 (33.5)     91.1
           Net earnings margin                                                 9.5%               10.0%                9.5%                  (0.5)%     0.5%
          Diluted EPS (in dollars)                                             3.41                 3.42                3.04                 (0.01)     0.38
          Net earnings excluding specific items                              1,107.0              1,081.5             1,005.1                 25.5      76.4
           Net earnings margin excluding specific items                       10.2%               10.1%                9.8%                  0.1%       0.3%
          Diluted EPS excluding specific items (in dollars)                    3.65                 3.46                3.13                  0.19      0.33
          Liquidity
          Cash provided by operating activities                              1,358.6              1,333.1             1,289.3                 25.5      43.8
           As a % of revenue                                                  12.5%               12.5%                12.5%                  —%        —%
          Days sales outstanding                                                47                   44                  44                    3         —
          Capital structure
          Net debt                                                           1,749.4              1,333.3             1,779.6                416.1     (446.3)
          Net debt to capitalization ratio                                    21.5%               15.8%                21.7%                 5.7%      (5.9)%
          Return on equity                                                    16.1%               17.2%                17.7%                 (1.1)%    (0.5)%
          Return on invested capital                                          13.7%               14.2%                14.1%                 (0.5)%     0.1%
          Balance sheet
          Cash and cash equivalents, and short-term
          investments                                                          165.9               596.5               305.3                 (430.6)    291.2
          Total assets                                                       11,396.2            11,693.3            11,787.3                (297.1)    (94.0)
          Long-term financial liabilities1                                   1,821.9              1,765.4             1,896.4                 56.5     (131.0)

      1
             Long-term financial liabilities include the long-term portion of the debt and the long-term derivative financial instruments.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                                              Page    10




          10
                                                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




                            2.3. STOCK PERFORMANCE


                                                                     CGI Stock Prices (TSX) for the Last Twelve Months
                        9                                                                                                                                     70.00



                        8



                        7
                                                                                                                                                              66.00


                        6




 Volume (in millions)                                                                                                                                                 Stock Price (CAD)
                        5

                                                                                                                                                              62.00

                        4



                        3


                                                                                                                                                              58.00
                        2



                        1



                        0                                                                                                                                     54.00
                                              Q1 2017                            Q2 2017                                Q3 2017                Q4 2017

                                  Daily Trade Volume
                                  Closing Price




                            2.3.1. Fiscal 2017 Trading Summary
                            CGI’s shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) (stock quote – GIB.A) and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)
                            (stock quote – GIB) and are included in key indices such as the S&P/TSX 60 Index.

                                TSX                                                          (CAD)               NYSE                                        (USD)
                                Open:                                                         62.14              Open:                                       47.28
                                High:                                                         69.22              High:                                       53.65
                                Low:                                                          60.61              Low:                                        45.73
                                Close:                                                       64.70               Close:                                      51.87
                                                                           1
                                CDN average daily trading volumes :                        928,613               NYSE average daily trading volumes:       176,297
                            1
                            1
                                  Includes the average daily volumes of both the TSX and alternative trading systems.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                                                 Page   11




                                                                                                                                                                   11
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      2.3.2. Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB)

      On February 1, 2017, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized and subsequently received the approval from the TSX
      for the renewal of CGI's NCIB which allows for the purchase for cancellation of up to 21,190,564 Class A subordinate voting
      shares, representing 10% of the Company’s public float as of the close of business on January 25, 2017. Class A subordinate
      voting shares may be purchased for cancellation under the current NCIB commenced on February 6, 2017 until the earlier of
      February 5, 2018 or the date on which the Company has either acquired the maximum number of Class A subordinate voting
      shares allowable under the NCIB, or elects to terminate the NCIB.

      During fiscal 2017, the Company purchased for cancellation 19,929,268 Class A subordinate voting shares for approximately
      $1,246.7 million at an average price of $62.55 under the previous and current NCIB. The purchased shares included 4,854,368
      Class A subordinate voting shares purchased for cancellation from Caisse de dépôt et de placement du Québec (CDPQ) for
      cash consideration of $300.0 million. In accordance with the Toronto stock exchange rules, this purchase is considered in the
      annual aggregate limit that the Company is entitled to purchase for cancellation under the current NCIB. As at September 30,
      2017, all of these Class A subordinate voting shares were cancelled and paid.

      As at September 30, 2017, the Company could purchase up to 7,358,996 Class A subordinate voting shares for cancellation,
      under the current NCIB.

      2.3.3. Capital Stock and Options Outstanding
      The following table provides a summary of the Capital Stock and Options Outstanding as at November 3, 2017:

       Capital Stock and Options Outstanding                                                             As at November 3, 2017
       Class A subordinate voting shares                                                                             254,370,913
       Class B multiple voting shares                                                                                 32,852,748
       Options to purchase Class A subordinate voting shares                                                          14,897,339


      2.4 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

      During the year ended September 30, 2017, the Company wholly acquired four consulting companies:

      • On November 3, 2016, the Company acquired all units of Collaborative Consulting, LLC, a high-end IT consulting company
      with specialized expertise in financial, life sciences and public sectors, headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts;

      • On April 19, 2017, the Company acquired all outstanding shares of Computer Technology Solutions, Inc., a high-end IT
      consulting company focused on commercial markets, specialized in cloud, analytics and digital transformation, headquartered
      in Birmingham, Alabama;

      • On May 12, 2017, the Company acquired all outstanding shares of eCommerce Systems, Inc., a high-end IT consulting
      company focused on commercial markets, specialized in cloud, analytics and digital transformation, headquartered in Denver,
      Colorado; and,

      • On August 22, 2017, the Company acquired all outstanding shares of Summa Technologies, Inc., a high-end IT consulting
      company with expertise in digital experience and agile software development, headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

      These companies increase CGI's workforce by approximately 1,000 professionals and, together, generate annual revenues
      of approximately US$182 million. These companies were acquired for a total purchase price of $307.1 million (US$230.2
      million).

      These acquisitions will complement CGI's proximity model and further strengthen the Company's global capabilities across
      several in-demand digital transformation areas. Please refer to note 26 of our audited consolidated financial statements for
      additional information on our investments in subsidiaries.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                               Page   12




       12
                                                                                                             FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      2.5 SUBSEQUENT EVENT

      On October 6, 2017, the Company acquired 94.8% of the outstanding shares of Affecto Plc (Affecto), a leading provider of
      business intelligence and enterprise information management solutions and services, headquartered in Helsinki, Finland for
      a total purchase price of $137.4 million (€93.4 million). This acquisition adds more than 1,000 professionals and annualized
      revenues of approximately €110 million to the Company. On October 10, 2017, the Company submitted an application to
      initiate statutory squeeze-out proceedings in order to complete the redemption of the shares held by the remaining shareholders
      of Affecto.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                 Page   13
                                                                                                                                   13
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




3.    3. Financial
      Financial    Review
                Review


      3.1. BOOKINGS AND BOOK-TO-BILL RATIO

      Bookings for the year ended September 30, 2017 were $11.3 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 104.1%. The breakdown
      of the new bookings signed during the year is as follows:


                                                                                                                                        E
                                                                                                   F
                                                                                                                                    D
                                                                                              E                 A                                  A
                B                                     B
                                 A                                      A
                                                                                          D                                     C

                                                                                                  C         B                               B



                Contract Type                           Service Type                              Segment                        Vertical Market

       A.   Extensions and             58%   A.    System integration and           A.   U.S.                       34%   A. Government                       36%
            renewals                               consulting               52%     B.   Nordics                    15%   B. MRD                              24%
                                                                                    C.   France                     15%   C. Financial Services               21%
       B.   New business               42%   B.    Management of IT and             D.   Canada                     14%   D. Communications
                                                   business functions       48%     E.   ECS                        11%      & utilities                      13%
                                                                                    F.   U.K.                       10%   E. Health                            6%
                                                                                    G.   Asia Pacific                1%


      Information regarding our bookings is a key indicator of the volume of our business over time. However, due to the timing and
      transition period associated with outsourcing contracts, the realization of revenue related to these bookings may fluctuate
      from period to period. The values initially booked may change over time due to their variable attributes, including demand-
      driven usage, modifications in the scope of work to be performed caused by changes in client requirements as well as
      termination clauses at the option of the client. As such, information regarding our bookings is not comparable to, nor should
      it be substituted for an analysis of our revenue; it is instead a key indicator of our future revenue used by the Company’s
      management to measure growth.

      The following table provides a summary of the bookings and book-to-bill ratio by segment:


      In thousands of CAD except for percentages
                                                                             Bookings for the year ended                  Book-to-bill ratio for the year
                                                                                    September 30, 2017                      ended September 30, 2017
        Total CGI                                                                                      11,284,444                                      104.1 %

        U.S.                                                                                            3,862,364                                      123.8 %
        Nordics                                                                                         1,723,831                                      103.4 %
        Canada                                                                                          1,627,079                                       92.9 %
        France                                                                                          1,668,325                                      104.6 %
        U.K.                                                                                            1,131,449                                       79.9 %
        ECS                                                                                             1,175,816                                      100.7 %
        Asia Pacific                                                                                      95,580                                        74.1 %




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                                            Page    14




       14
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      3.2. FOREIGN EXCHANGE

      The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS, we
      value assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various exchange rates. We report all
      dollar amounts in Canadian dollars.

      Closing foreign exchange rates

       As at September 30,                                                                     2017          2016          Change
       U.S. dollar                                                                            1.2509       1.3121            (4.7%)
       Euro                                                                                   1.4782       1.4747             0.2%
       Indian rupee                                                                           0.0192       0.0197            (2.5%)
       British pound                                                                          1.6770       1.7076            (1.8%)
       Swedish krona                                                                          0.1534       0.1531             0.2%
       Australian dollar                                                                      0.9809       1.0061            (2.5%)


      Average foreign exchange rates

       For the years ended September 30,                                                       2017          2016          Change
       U.S. dollar                                                                            1.3140       1.3255            (0.9%)
       Euro                                                                                   1.4511       1.4722            (1.4%)
       Indian rupee                                                                           0.0200       0.0198             1.0%
       British pound                                                                          1.6650       1.8876           (11.8%)
       Swedish krona                                                                          0.1507       0.1574            (4.3%)
       Australian dollar                                                                      1.0013       0.9760             2.6%




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                               Page   15




                                                                                                                                 15
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      3.3. REVENUE DISTRIBUTION
      The following charts provide additional information regarding our revenue mix for the year:


                                                                                                                          E
                                                                                    G
                                                                                              A                      D
                                                                             F                                                     A
               B                                  A1
                                  A                                         E
                                                                                                                     C
                                                                                D             B
                                                  A2                                                                           B
                                                                                        C



                            Service Type                                        Client Geography                      Vertical Market

       A.    Management of IT and business functions     53%     A.    U.S.                        29%   A.   Government                          33%
             1.   IT services                      43%           B.    Canada                      16%   B.   MRD                                 23%
             2.   Business process services        10%           C.    France                      14%   C.   Financial services                  22%
                                                                 D.    U.K.                        13%   D.   Communications & utilities          15%
       B.    System integration and consulting           47%     E.    Sweden                       7%   E.   Health                               7%
                                                                 F.    Finland                      6%
                                                                 G.    Rest of the world           15%


      3.3.1. Client Concentration
      IFRS guidance on segment disclosures defines a single customer as a group of entities that are known to the reporting entity
      to be under common control. As a consequence, our work for the U.S. federal government including its various agencies
      represented 14.0% of our revenue for fiscal 2017 as compared to 13.2% in fiscal 2016.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                                Page   16




       16
                                                                                                              FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      3.4. REVENUE BY SEGMENT

      Our seven segments are reported based on where the client's work is delivered from - our geographic delivery model.

      The following table provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment, separately
      showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. The fiscal 2016 revenue
      by segment was recorded reflecting the actual foreign exchange rates for that period. The foreign exchange impact is the
      difference between the current period’s actual results and the same period’s results converted with the prior year’s foreign
      exchange rates.

                                                                                                                      Change
      For the years ended September 30,                                               2017         2016       $                 %
      In thousands of CAD except for percentages
      Total CGI revenue                                                        10,845,066     10,683,264   161,802              1.5%
      Variation prior to foreign currency impact                                      4.3%
      Foreign currency impact                                                        (2.8%)
      Variation over previous period                                                  1.5%

      U.S.
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                  3,057,628      2,878,661   178,967              6.2%
      Foreign currency impact                                                      (29,273)
      U.S. revenue                                                              3,028,355      2,878,661   149,694              5.2%

      Nordics
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                  1,625,526      1,651,322    (25,796)            (1.6%)
      Foreign currency impact                                                      (47,643)
      Nordics revenue                                                           1,577,883      1,651,322    (73,439)            (4.4%)

      Canada
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                  1,606,252      1,536,331    69,921              4.6%
      Foreign currency impact                                                         (752)
      Canada revenue                                                            1,605,500      1,536,331    69,169              4.5%

      France
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                  1,585,155      1,444,966   140,189              9.7%
      Foreign currency impact                                                      (25,286)
      France revenue                                                            1,559,869      1,444,966   114,903              8.0%

      U.K.
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                  1,464,181      1,431,739    32,442              2.3%
      Foreign currency impact                                                    (177,481)
      U.K. revenue                                                              1,286,700      1,431,739   (145,039)           (10.1%)

      ECS
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                  1,206,541      1,198,854      7,687             0.6%
      Foreign currency impact                                                      (12,132)
      ECS revenue                                                               1,194,409      1,198,854     (4,445)            (0.4%)

      Asia Pacific
      Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                    593,131       541,391     51,740              9.6%
      Foreign currency impact                                                         (781)
      Asia Pacific revenue                                                        592,350       541,391     50,959              9.4%

      For the year ended September 30, 2017, revenue was $10,845.1 million, an increase of $161.8 million, or 1.5% over the same
      period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by 4.3%. Foreign currency rate fluctuations unfavourably
      impacted our revenue by $293.3 million or 2.8%. The increase in revenue was primarily due to the improving market demand
      for our services and solutions translating to higher work volumes and new business across most segments, as well as recent
      business acquisitions.


CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                    Page   17




                                                                                                                                      17
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      3.4.1. U.S.
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, revenue in our U.S. segment was $3,028.4 million, an increase of $149.7 million or
      5.2% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $179.0 million or 6.2%. The increase
      was driven by revenue associated with recent business acquisitions, growth in the US Federal market and an increase in IP
      services and solutions revenue. This was partly offset by lower work volumes in the state and local government market, in
      part due to the successful completion of a large program.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two U.S. vertical markets were government and financial services, generating revenues
      of approximately $2,357 million for the year ended September 30, 2017.

      3.4.2. Nordics
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, revenue in our Nordics segment was $1,577.9 million, a decrease of $73.4 million
      or 4.4% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $25.8 million or 1.6%. The
      change in revenue was mainly due to the expiration of certain infrastructure outsourcing contracts and decreased work volume
      in Denmark. This was partly offset by growth primarily within the financial services vertical market in Finland.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Nordics vertical markets were MRD and government, generating revenues of
      approximately $1,064 million for the year ended September 30, 2017.

      3.4.3. Canada
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, revenue in our Canada segment was $1,605.5 million, an increase of $69.2 million
      or 4.5% compared to the same period last year. The increase in revenue was mainly the result of an increase in new and
      existing business primarily within the financial services and government vertical markets, as well as the ramping up of new
      outsourcing contracts in the MRD vertical market. This was partly offset by the expiration of certain infrastructure outsourcing
      contracts and the increased use of our offshore global delivery centers in Asia Pacific.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Canada vertical markets were financial services and communication & utilities,
      generating revenues of approximately $1,073 million for the year ended September 30, 2017.

      3.4.4. France
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, revenue in our France segment was $1,559.9 million, an increase of $114.9 million
      or 8.0% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $140.2 million or 9.7%. The
      increase in revenue was mainly due to the increase in new and existing business within the MRD vertical market, the increased
      work volume within the government and financial services vertical markets and, to a lesser extent, a prior year's business
      acquisition.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two France vertical markets were MRD and financial services, generating revenues of
      approximately $1,038 million for the year ended September 30, 2017.

      3.4.5. U.K.
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, revenue in our U.K. segment was $1,286.7 million, a decrease of $145.0 million or
      10.1% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $32.4 million or 2.3%. The increase
      in revenue was mainly due to growth in the government and communication & utilities vertical markets as well as the favourable
      renegotiation of a loss making contract in Q1 2017. This was partly offset by projects completed in fiscal 2017 and the favourable
      impact of the sale of additional equipment in Q4 2016.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two U.K. vertical markets were government and communication & utilities, generating
      revenues of approximately $986 million for the year ended September 30, 2017.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                   Page   18




       18
                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      3.4.6. ECS
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, revenue in our ECS segment was $1,194.4 million, a decrease of $4.4 million or
      0.4% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $7.7 million or 0.6%. The increase
      in revenue was mainly due to increased work volume across all geographies, with the exception of the Netherlands, partly
      offset by the wind-down of the majority of our operations in South America.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two ECS vertical markets were MRD and communication & utilities, generating revenues
      of approximately $746 million for the year ended September 30, 2017.

      3.4.7. Asia Pacific
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, revenue in our Asia Pacific segment was $592.4 million, an increase of $51.0 million
      or 9.4% over the same period last year. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $51.7 million or 9.6%. The
      increase in revenue was due to continued demand for our offshore delivery centers.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Asia Pacific vertical markets were communication & utilities and MRD, generating
      revenues of approximately $83 million for the year ended September 30, 2017.


      3.5. OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                                    % of                    % of              Change
       For the years ended September 30,                            2017       Revenue            2016    Revenue      $                 %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       Costs of services, selling and administrative           9,257,659           85.4%      9,120,929     85.4%   136,730              1.5%
       Foreign exchange loss                                          784           0.0%         2,024       0.0%    (1,240)           (61.3%)


      3.5.1. Costs of Services, Selling and Administrative
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, costs of services, selling and administrative expenses amounted to $9,257.7 million,
      an increase of $136.7 million over the same period last year. As a percentage of revenue, cost of services, and our selling
      and administrative expenses were both stable when compared to the same period last year.

      During the year ended September 30, 2017 the translation of the results of our foreign operations from their local currencies
      to the Canadian dollar favourably impacted costs by $270.3 million substantially offsetting the unfavourable translation impact
      of $293.3 million on our revenue.

      3.5.2. Foreign Exchange Loss
      During the year ended September 30, 2017, CGI incurred $0.8 million of foreign exchange losses, mainly driven by the timing
      of payments combined with the volatility and fluctuation of foreign exchange rates. The Company, in addition to its natural
      hedges, uses derivatives as a strategy to manage its exposure, to the extent possible, to exchange rate fluctuations.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                            Page   19




                                                                                                                                              19
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      3.6. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT

                                                                                                                      Change
       For the years ended September 30,                                        2017              2016        $                   %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       U.S.                                                                  495,774           486,295       9,479               1.9%
         As a percentage of U.S. revenue                                        16.4%            16.9%

       Nordics                                                               179,989           186,742      (6,753)             (3.6%)
         As a percentage of Nordics revenue                                     11.4%            11.3%

       Canada                                                                343,856           345,483      (1,627)             (0.5%)
         As a percentage of Canada revenue                                      21.4%            22.5%

       France                                                                193,075           174,685      18,390              10.5%
         As a percentage of France revenue                                      12.4%            12.1%

       U.K.                                                                  152,185           154,262      (2,077)             (1.3%)
         As a percentage of U.K. revenue                                        11.8%            10.8%

       ECS                                                                     98,981          114,256     (15,275)            (13.4%)
         As a percentage of ECS revenue                                          8.3%             9.5%

       Asia Pacific                                                          122,763            98,588      24,175              24.5%
         As a percentage of Asia Pacific revenue                                20.7%            18.2%
       Adjusted EBIT                                                       1,586,623          1,560,311     26,312               1.7%
         Adjusted EBIT margin                                                   14.6%            14.6%

      For the year ended September 30, 2017, adjusted EBIT margin remained stable at 14.6% as compared to the same period
      last year.

      3.6.1. U.S.
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, adjusted EBIT in the U.S. segment was $495.8 million, an increase of $9.5 million
      when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 16.4% from 16.9%. The change in adjusted
      EBIT margin was mainly the result of a positive impact from additional research and development tax credits in fiscal 2016,
      partly compensated by an improved mix of IP services and solution revenue and higher utilization.

      3.6.2. Nordics
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, adjusted EBIT in the Nordics segment was $180.0 million, a decrease of $6.8 million
      when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 11.4% from 11.3% as a decrease in
      amortization of client relationships and the improved cost structure in Norway were offset by certain project challenges in
      Denmark and the timing of the winding down of remaining fixed costs following the expiration of certain infrastructure outsourcing
      contracts.

      3.6.3. Canada
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $343.9 million, a decrease of $1.6 million
      when compared to the same period last year, while the adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 21.4% from 22.5% last year. The
      change in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly driven by the timing of the winding down of remaining fixed costs following the
      expiration of certain infrastructure outsourcing contracts, combined with the costs associated to ramping up of new outsourcing
      contracts.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                    Page   20




       20
                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      3.6.4. France
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, adjusted EBIT in the France segment was $193.1 million, an increase of $18.4 million
      when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 12.4% from 12.1% mainly due to an overall
      increase in new and existing business and improved utilization rates.

      3.6.5. U.K.
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, adjusted EBIT in the U.K. segment was $152.2 million, a decrease of $2.1 million
      when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 11.8% from 10.8%. The increase in adjusted
      EBIT margin was mainly the result of an improved cost structure and from a provision taken on a client contract in Q4 2016.

      3.6.6. ECS
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, adjusted EBIT in the ECS segment was $99.0 million, a decrease of $15.3 million
      when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin decreased to 8.3% from 9.5% last year. The change in
      adjusted EBIT margin was mainly due to lower work volume and projects completed in the Netherlands, which impacted our
      utilization.

      3.6.7. Asia Pacific
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $122.8 million an increase of $24.2
      million when compared to the same period last year. Adjusted EBIT margin increased to 20.7% from 18.2% mainly due to
      increased scale and productivity improvements in our Asian global delivery centers and improved utilization in Australia.

      3.7. EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES
      The following table provides a reconciliation between our adjusted EBIT and earnings before income taxes, which is reported
      in accordance with IFRS.

                                                                                                                        Change
                                                                           % of                           % of
        For the years ended September 30,                   2017        Revenue                2016    Revenue      $             %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       Adjusted EBIT                                   1,586,623             14.6%       1,560,311       14.6%   26,312           1.7%
       Minus the following items:
          Acquisition-related and integration                                                                                      —
          costs                                           10,306              0.1%                —         —    10,306
          Restructuring costs                             88,628              0.8%            29,100      0.3%   59,528          204.6%
          Net finance costs                               69,792              0.6%            78,426      0.7%    (8,634)        (11.0%)
       Earnings before income taxes                    1,417,897             13.1%       1,452,785       13.6%   (34,888)         (2.4)%



       3.7.1. Acquisition-Related and Integration Costs
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, the Company incurred $10.3 million of acquisition-related and integration costs,
      pertaining to the integration of our recent acquisitions' operations to the CGI operating model. These costs are mainly related
      to the termination of certain employees, as well as leases for premises which the Company vacated.

       3.7.2. Restructuring Costs
      In fiscal 2016, we completed the previously announced restructuring program for productivity improvement initiatives and
      incurred $29.1 million of restructuring costs for a total expense of $65.0 million over the entire program.

      On August 2, 2017, the Company announced it will incur approximately $165.0 million of restructuring costs over the next
      year to compress the timeline of implementing certain elements of its profitable growth strategy. The initiative is expected to
      yield benefits throughout fiscal 2018. A total amount of $88.6 million was expensed during Q4 2017 and the remaining amount




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                      Page   21




                                                                                                                                        21
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      is expected to be expensed in fiscal 2018. Please refer to note 24 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional
      information on our restructuring costs.

       3.7.3. Net Finance Costs
      Net finance costs mainly include the interest on our long-term debt. The decrease in net finance costs for the year ended
      September 30, 2017 was mainly the result of the debt repayments.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                   Page   22
       22
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      3.8. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE
      The following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:

                                                                                                                       Change
       For the years ended September 30,                                        2017                2016      $                   %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
       Earnings before income taxes                                         1,417,897           1,452,785   (34,888)            (2.4%)
       Income tax expense                                                     382,702            384,069     (1,367)            (0.4%)
          Effective tax rate                                                    27.0%              26.4%
       Net earnings                                                         1,035,195           1,068,716   (33,521)            (3.1%)
          Net earnings margin                                                    9.5%              10.0%

       Weighted average number of shares outstanding
         Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B                   297,516,970          304,808,130                       (2.4%)
         multiple voting shares (basic)

         Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B                   303,293,485          312,773,156                       (3.0%)
         multiple voting shares (diluted)

       Earnings per share (in dollars)
         Basic                                                                    3.48               3.51     (0.03)            (0.9%)
         Diluted                                                                  3.41               3.42     (0.01)            (0.3%)

      3.8.1. Income Tax Expense
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, the income tax expense was $382.7 million compared to $384.1 million over the
      same period last year, while our effective tax rate increased to 27.0% from 26.4%. The increase in income tax rate was mainly
      due to tax adjustments for a net favourable amount of $8.5 million in fiscal 2016 from the U.K. When excluding these tax
      adjustments and the tax effects from restructuring costs incurred, the income tax rate would have been 27.0% for the year
      ended September 30, 2016 as presented in the table in section 3.8.3.

      Based on the enacted rates at the end of fiscal 2017 and our current business mix, we expect our effective tax rate before
      any significant adjustments to be in the range of 27.0% to 29.0% in subsequent periods.

      3.8.2. Weighted Average Number of Shares
      For fiscal 2017, CGI’s basic and diluted weighted average number of shares decreased compared to fiscal 2016 due to the
      impact of the purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares, partly offset by the grants and the exercise of
      stock options.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                     Page   23




                                                                                                                                       23
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      3.8.3. Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Excluding Specific Items
      Below is a table showing the year-over-year comparison excluding specific items namely, acquisition-related and integration
      costs, restructuring costs, and tax adjustments:

                                                                                                                       Change
       For the years ended September 30,                                            2017            2016       $                  %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages and shares data
       Earnings before income taxes                                            1,417,897        1,452,785   (34,888)              (2.4%)
       Add back:
            Acquisition-related and integration costs                             10,306             —      10,306                 —
            Restructuring costs                                                   88,628          29,100    59,528              204.6%
       Earnings before income taxes excluding specific
       items                                                                   1,516,831        1,481,885   34,946                2.4%
            Margin                                                                 14.0%           13.9%

       Income tax expense                                                        382,702         384,069     (1,367)              (0.4%)
       Add back:
            Tax deduction on acquisition-related and integration
            costs                                                                  3,849               —     3,849                 —
            Tax deduction on restructuring costs                                  23,292            7,858   15,434              196.4%
            Tax adjustments                                                            —            8,500    (8,500)            (100.0%)
       Income tax expense excluding specific items                               409,843         400,427     9,416                2.4%
            Effective tax rate excluding specific items                            27.0%           27.0%

       Net earnings excluding specific items                                   1,106,988        1,081,458   25,530                2.4%
            Net earnings excluding specific items margin                           10.2%           10.1%

       Weighted average number of shares outstanding
         Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple
         voting shares (basic)                                              297,516,970       304,808,130                         (2.4%)

         Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple
         voting shares (diluted)                                            303,293,485       312,773,156                         (3.0%)

       Earnings per share excluding specific items (in
       dollars)
         Basic                                                                       3.72            3.55      0.17               4.8%
         Diluted                                                                     3.65            3.46      0.19               5.5%




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                     Page   24




       24
                                                                                                                                       FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




4. 4. Liquidity
   Liquidity


      4.1. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      CGI’s growth is financed through a combination of our cash flow from operations, borrowing under our existing credit facilities,
      the issuance of long-term debt, and the issuance of equity. One of our financial priorities is to maintain an optimal level of
      liquidity through the active management of our assets and liabilities as well as our cash flows.

      As at September 30, 2017, cash and cash equivalents were $165.9 million. The following table provides a summary of the
      generation and use of cash for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016.

          For the years ended September 30,                                                                     2017                  2016              Change
          In thousands of CAD
          Cash provided by operating activities                                                           1,358,552             1,333,074                 25,478
          Cash used in investing activities                                                                 (592,256)             (382,731)            (209,525)
          Cash used in financing activities                                                              (1,182,986)              (666,304)            (516,682)
          Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                               (13,967)                7,228               (21,195)
          Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                              (430,657)             291,267              (721,924)


      4.1.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, cash provided by operating activities was $1,358.6 million or 12.5% of revenue as
      compared to $1,333.1 million or 12.5% for the same period last year.

      The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities:

          For the years ended September 30,                                                                     2017                  2016              Change
          In thousands of CAD
          Net earnings                                                                                     1,035,195             1,068,716               (33,521)
          Amortization and depreciation                                                                      377,204               400,060               (22,856)
          Other adjustments1                                                                                  92,238               132,171               (39,933)
          Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash
          working capital items                                                                            1,504,637             1,600,947               (96,310)
          Net change in non-cash working capital items:
             Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                     (185,501)             (134,632)              (50,869)
             Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation,
             provisions and long-term liabilities                                                             11,353              (115,853)              127,206
             Other2                                                                                           28,063               (17,388)               45,451
          Net change in non-cash working capital items                                                      (146,085)             (267,873)              121,788
          Cash provided by operating activities                                                            1,358,552             1,333,074                25,478
      1
             Comprised of deferred income taxes, foreign exchange gain and share-based payment costs.
      2
             Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets, retirement benefits obligations, derivative financial instruments and income
             taxes.

      For the year ended September 30, 2017, the net $146.1 million of cash used in non-cash working capital items is primarily
      explained by the increase in our DSO from 44 days in 2016 to 47 days in 2017, the impact of the Company's revenue
      growth on accounts receivable and the increase in other receivables mainly due to the net increase of U.S. research &
      development tax credits, partially offset by an increase of income tax liabilities. The Company maintains a target DSO of 45
      days.

      The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an impact on the cash flow from operations.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                                              Page    25




                                                                                                                                                                25
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      4.1.2. Cash Used in Investing Activities
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, $592.3 million was used in investing activities while $382.7 million was used in the
      prior year.

      The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from investing activities:

       For the years ended September 30,                                                         2017        2016      Change
       In thousands of CAD
       Business acquisitions                                                                  (283,061)    (38,442)   (244,619)
       Proceeds from sale of property, plant & equipment                                         3,317     10,254       (6,937)
       Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                              (112,667)   (165,516)     52,849
       Additions to contract costs                                                             (95,676)   (103,156)      7,480
       Additions to intangible assets                                                         (106,267)   (100,963)      (5,304)
       Net proceeds from sale of long-term investments                                           2,098     14,928      (12,830)
       Payments received from long-term receivables                                                 —         164         (164)
       Cash used in investing activities                                                      (592,256)   (382,731)   (209,525)


      The increase of $209.5 million in cash used in investing activities during the year ended September 30, 2017 was mainly due
      to business acquisitions in the U.S. Furthermore, there was a decrease in purchase of property, plant and equipment due to
      less investments across our data center infrastructure operations, when compared to the same period last year.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                             Page   26




       26
                                                                                                                FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      4.1.3. Cash Used in Financing Activities
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, $1,183.0 million were used in financing activities while $666.3 million were used in
      the prior year.

      The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from financing activities:

       For the years ended September 30,                                                           2017        2016         Change
       In thousands of CAD
       Net change in unsecured committed revolving credit facility                              200,000           —         200,000
       Net change in long-term debt                                                            (180,920)    (182,651)          1,731
                                                                                                 19,080     (182,651)       201,731
       Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                                 —      (24,057)         24,057
       Repayment of debt assumed in business acquisitions                                         (9,119)         —           (9,119)
       Purchase of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trust                                    —      (21,795)         21,795
       Resale of Class A subordinate voting shares held in trust                                  4,046           —            4,046
       Purchase and cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares                         (1,246,664)   (527,286)       (719,378)
       Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                             49,671      89,485          (39,814)
       Cash used in financing activities                                                      (1,182,986)   (666,304)       (516,682)


      For the year ended September 30, 2017, we used $180.9 million to reduce our outstanding long-term debt mainly driven by
      the scheduled repayment of a tranche of the Senior U.S. unsecured notes in the amount of $113.6 million (US$85.0 million).
      In addition, we drew $200.0 million on the Company's unsecured committed revolving credit facility to purchase shares for
      cancellation under our NCIB.

      We used $182.7 million to reduce our outstanding long-term debt during the same period last year, mainly driven by repayments
      on the term loan credit facility. In parallel with these 2016 repayments, the Company used $24.1 million to settle the associated
      cross currency swap contracts.

      For the year ended September 30, 2017, $1,246.7 million was used to purchase for cancellation 19,929,268 Class A subordinate
      voting shares under the previous and current NCIB. For the year ended September 30, 2016, $527.3 million was used to
      purchase for cancellation 9,519,875 Class A subordinate voting shares.

      Finally, for the year ended September 30, 2017, we received $49.7 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options,
      compared to $89.5 million during the year ended September 30, 2016.

      4.1.4. Effect of Foreign Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents
      For the year ended September 30, 2017, the effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents was an
      unfavourable impact of $14.0 million. This amount had no effect on net earnings as it was recorded in other comprehensive
      income.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                  Page   27




                                                                                                                                    27
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      4.2. CAPITAL RESOURCES

          As at September 30, 2017                                                                                                                        Available
          In thousands of CAD
          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                         165,872
          Long-term investments                                                                                                                              23,047
          $1.5 billion unsecured committed revolving facility1                                                                                           1,290,369
          Total                                                                                                                                          1,479,288
      1
             Includes an amount of $200.0 million outstanding under our unsecured committed revolving credit facility and letters of credit in the aggregate amount of
             $9.6 million as at September 30, 2017.

      Our cash position and bank lines are sufficient to support our growth strategy. As at September 30, 2017, cash and cash
      equivalents and long-term investments represented $188.9 million.

      Cash equivalents typically include term deposits, all with maturities of 90 days or less. Long-term investments include corporate
      and government bonds with maturities ranging from one to five years, rated "A" or higher.

      The amount of capital available was $1,479.3 million. The long-term debt agreements contain covenants, which require us to
      maintain certain financial ratios. As at September 30, 2017, CGI was in compliance with these covenants.

      Total debt decreased by $49.0 million to $1,862.0 million as at September 30, 2017, compared to $1,911.0 million as at
      September 30, 2016. The variance was mainly due to an unrealized gain of $69.5 million on foreign exchange translation
      offset by additional long-term debt for a net amount of $19.1 million.

      As at September 30, 2017, CGI was showing a positive working capital2 of $161.5 million. The Company also had $1,290.4
      million available under its unsecured committed revolving facility and is generating a significant level of cash that will allow it
      to fund its operations while maintaining adequate levels of liquidity. On November 7, 2017, the unsecured committed revolving
      facility was extended by one year to December 2022 and can be further extended. There were no material changes in the
      terms and conditions including interest rates and banking covenants.

      As at September 30, 2017, the cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries were $126.4 million ($557.8 million as
      at September 30, 2016). The tax implications and impact related to its repatriation will not materially affect the Company's
      liquidity.




      2
             Working capital is defined as total current assets minus total current liabilities.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                                                 Page    28




       28
                                                                                                                         FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      4.3. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

      We are committed under the terms of contractual obligations which have various expiration dates, primarily for the rental of
      premises, computer equipment used in outsourcing contracts and long-term service agreements. For the year ended
      September 30, 2017, the Company decreased its commitments by $75.7 million mainly due to the reduction of long-term debt.

                                                                                              Less than 1 2nd and 3rd   4th and 5th    After 5
       Commitment type                                                              Total
                                                                                                     year       years         years     years
       In thousands of CAD
       Long-term debt                                                          1,835,200         109,006      383,022      840,128    503,044
       Estimated interest on long-term debt                                      307,203          69,431      117,026       83,258     37,488
       Finance lease obligations                                                  29,794          13,408       12,701        3,685           —
       Estimated interest on finance lease obligations                             1,315             678         556            81           —
       Operating leases
         Rental of office space (excluding cost of services and taxes)           569,402         128,929      189,082      138,249    113,142
         Computer equipment                                                        8,955           6,373        1,589          993           —
         Automobiles                                                              78,418          39,533       35,394        3,491           —
       Long-term service agreements and other                                    238,931         109,495      104,296       25,140           —
       Total                                                                   3,069,218         476,853      843,666    1,095,025    653,674

      Our required benefit plan contributions have not been included in this table as such contributions depend on periodic actuarial
      valuations for funding purposes. Our contributions to defined benefit plans are estimated at $23.8 million for fiscal 2018 as
      described in note 16 of the audited consolidated financial statements.

      4.4. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
      We use various financial instruments to manage our exposure to fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates and interest
      rates. Please refer to note 3 and 31 of our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information on our financial
      instruments and hedging transactions.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                           Page   29




                                                                                                                                             29
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      4.5. SELECTED MEASURES OF CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY

       As at September 30,                                                                                2017                 2016
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       Reconciliation between net debt and long-term debt including the current portion:
       Net debt                                                                                       1,749,374            1,333,323
       Add back:
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   165,872              596,529
            Long-term investments                                                                        23,047               27,246
            Fair value of foreign currency derivative financial instruments related to debt             (76,290)             (46,123)
       Long-term debt including the current portion                                                   1,862,003            1,910,975

       Net debt to capitalization ratio                                                                   21.5%                15.8%
       Return on equity                                                                                   16.1%                17.2%
       Return on invested capital                                                                         13.7%                14.2%
       Days sales outstanding                                                                                47                     44


      We use the net debt to capitalization ratio as an indication of our financial leverage in order to realize our Build and Buy
      strategy. The net debt to capitalization ratio increased to 21.5% in fiscal 2017 from 15.8% in fiscal 2016. The change in the
      net debt to capitalization ratio was mostly due to the decrease in cash and cash equivalents, following the investment in
      business acquisitions and the purchase for cancellation of Class A subordinate voting shares.

      ROE is a measure of the return we are generating for our shareholders. ROE decreased to 16.1% in fiscal 2017 from 17.2%
      in fiscal 2016. The decrease was mainly due to lower net earnings, mainly the result of restructuring costs in Q4 2017.

      ROIC is a measure of the Company’s efficiency in allocating the capital under our control to profitable investments. The return
      on invested capital ratio decreased to 13.7% in fiscal 2017 from 14.2% in fiscal 2016. The change in the ROIC was mainly
      the result of restructuring costs in Q4 2017.

      DSO increased to 47 days at the end of fiscal 2017 when compared to 44 days in fiscal 2016. In calculating the DSO, we
      subtract the deferred revenue balance from trade accounts receivable and work in progress; for that reason, the timing of
      payments received from outsourcing clients in advance of the work to be performed and the timing of payments related to
      project milestones can affect the DSO. The Company maintains a target DSO of 45 days.


       4.6. OFF-BALANCE SHEET FINANCING AND GUARANTEES

      In the normal course of operations, CGI uses off-balance sheet financing for a variety of transactions such as operating leases
      for office space, computer equipment and vehicles as well as accounts receivable factoring. From time to time, we also enter
      into agreements to provide financial or performance assurances to third parties on the sale of assets, business divestitures
      and guarantees on government and commercial contracts.

      In connection with sales of assets and business divestitures, we may be required to pay counterparties for costs and losses
      incurred as the result of breaches in our contractual obligations, representations and warranties, intellectual property right
      infringement and litigation against counterparties, among others. While some of the agreements specify a maximum potential
      exposure of approximately $10.9 million, others do not specify a maximum amount or limited period. It is not possible to
      reasonably estimate the maximum amount that may have to be paid under such guarantees. The amounts are dependent
      upon the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. The
      Company does not expect to incur any potential payment in connection with these guarantees that could have a materially
      adverse effect on its audited consolidated financial statements.

      In the normal course of business, we may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and performance
      bonds. In general, we would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if we refuse to perform the project once we are
      awarded the bid. We would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of default in the performance of our obligations.
      As at September 30, 2017, we had committed a total of $30.3 million for these bonds. To the best of our knowledge, we
      complied with our performance obligations under all service contracts for which there was a performance or bid bond, and


CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                  Page    30




       30
                                                                                                                FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      the ultimate liability, if any, incurred in connection with these guarantees would not have a material adverse effect on our
      audited consolidated results of operations or financial condition.


      4.7. CAPABILITY TO DELIVER RESULTS
      Sufficient capital resources and liquidity are required for supporting ongoing business operations and to execute our Build
      and Buy growth strategy. The Company has sufficient capital resources coming from the cash generated from operations,
      credit facilities, long-term debt agreements and invested capital from shareholders. Our principal uses of cash are for procuring
      new large outsourcing and managed services contracts; investing in our business solutions; pursuing accretive acquisitions;
      purchasing for cancellation Class A subordinate voting shares and paying down debt. In terms of financing, we are well
      positioned to continue executing our four-pillar growth strategy in fiscal 2018.

      Strong and experienced leadership is essential to successfully implement our Company's strategy. CGI has a strong leadership
      team with members who are highly knowledgeable and have gained a significant amount of experience in the IT industry via
      various career paths and leadership roles. CGI fosters leadership development to ensure a continuous flow of knowledge and
      strength is maintained throughout the organization. As part of our succession planning in key positions, we established the
      Leadership Institute, our own corporate university, to develop leadership, technical and managerial skills inspired by CGI’s
      roots and traditions.

      As a Company built on human capital, our professionals and their knowledge are critical to delivering quality service to our
      clients. Our human resources program provides competitive compensation and benefits, a favourable working environment,
      and our training and career development programs combine to allow us to attract and retain the best talent. Employee
      satisfaction is monitored regularly through a Company-wide survey. Furthermore, 82% of our members are also owners of
      CGI through our Share Purchase Plan. The Share Purchase Plan, along with the Profit Participation Program, allows members
      to share in the success of the Company and aligns member objectives with our strategic goals.

      In addition to our capital resources and the talent of our human capital, CGI has established a Management Foundation
      encompassing governance policies, sophisticated management frameworks and an organizational model for its business units
      and corporate processes. This foundation, along with our appropriate internal systems, helps in providing a disciplined high
      standard of quality service to our clients across all of our operations, and additional value to our stakeholders. CGI’s operations
      maintain appropriate certifications in accordance with service requirements such as the ISO and CMMI certification programs.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                    Page   31




                                                                                                                                      31
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




5.    5. Fourth
          FourthQuarter
                QuarterResults
                        Results(Unaudited)
                                (Unaudited)

       5.1. BOOKINGS AND BOOK-TO-BILL RATIO

      Bookings for the quarter ended September 30, 2017 were $2.9 billion representing a book-to-bill ratio of 111.7%. The breakdown
      of the new bookings signed during the quarter is as follows:



                                                                                                   F                                      E
                                                                                              E                                       D
                B
                                                       B                                                      A                                      A
                                                                         A                D                                       C
                                A
                                                                                              C
                                                                                                       B                                  B



                Contract Type                            Service Type                             Segment                          Vertical Market

       A.   Extensions and             62%   A.     Management of IT and             A.   U.S.                     43%     A. Government                    46%
            renewals                                business functions        51%    B.   France                   14%     B. MRD                           19%
                                                                                     C.   Nordics                  12%     C. Financial Services            16%
       B.   New business               38%   B.     System integration and           D.   Canada                   11%     D. Communications
                                                    consulting                49%    E.   ECS                      11%        & utilities                   12%
                                                                                     F.   U.K.                      8%     E. Health                         7%
                                                                                     G.   Asia Pacific              1%


      Information regarding our bookings is a key indicator of the volume of our business over time. However, due to the timing and
      transition period associated with outsourcing contracts, the realization of revenue related to these bookings may fluctuate
      from period to period. The values initially booked may change over time due to their variable attributes, including demand-
      driven usage, modifications in the scope of work to be performed caused by changes in client requirements as well as
      termination clauses at the option of the client. As such, information regarding our bookings is not comparable to, nor should
      it be substituted for an analysis of our revenue; it is instead a key indicator of our future revenue used by the Company’s
      management to measure growth.

      The following table provides a summary of the bookings and book-to-bill ratio by segment:

                                                             Bookings for the three                                               Book-to-bill ratio for the
                                                                                              Bookings for the year
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages          months ended September                                               year ended September 30,
                                                                                          ended September 30, 2017
                                                                           30, 2017                                                                    2017
         Total CGI                                                           2,912,909                      11,284,444                               104.1 %

         U.S.                                                                1,260,623                       3,862,364                               123.8 %
         Nordics                                                              330,994                        1,723,831                               103.4 %
         Canada                                                               327,391                        1,627,079                                   92.9 %
         France                                                               418,337                        1,668,325                               104.6 %
         U.K.                                                                 228,882                        1,131,449                                   79.9 %
         ECS                                                                  325,562                        1,175,816                               100.7 %
         Asia Pacific                                                          21,120                             95,580                                 74.1 %




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                                          Page     32
       32
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      5.2. FOREIGN EXCHANGE
      The Company operates globally and is exposed to changes in foreign currency rates. Accordingly, as prescribed by IFRS, we
      value assets, liabilities and transactions that are measured in foreign currencies using various exchange rates. We report all
      dollar amounts in Canadian dollars.

      Average foreign exchange rates

       For the three months ended September 30,                                                2017         2016          Change
       U.S. dollar                                                                            1.2531      1.3054            (4.0%)
       Euro                                                                                   1.4728      1.4570            1.1%
       Indian rupee                                                                           0.0195      0.0195             —%
       British pound                                                                          1.6399      1.7135            (4.3%)
       Swedish krona                                                                          0.1541      0.1532            0.6%
       Australian dollar                                                                      0.9896      0.9901            (0.1%)




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                               Page   33
                                                                                                                                 33
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      5.3. REVENUE BY SEGMENT
      The following table provides a summary of the year-over-year changes in our revenue, in total and by segment, separately
      showing the impacts of foreign currency exchange rate variations between the Q4 2017 and Q4 2016 periods. The Q4 2016
      revenue by segment was recorded reflecting the actual average foreign exchange rates for that period. The foreign exchange
      impact is the difference between the current period’s actual results and the current period’s results converted with the prior
      year’s average foreign exchange rates.

                                                                                                                             Change
       For the three months ended September 30,                                                2017         2016        $               %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       Total CGI revenue                                                               2,608,099        2,582,429   25,670             1.0%
       Variation prior to foreign currency impact                                              2.5%
       Foreign currency impact                                                                (1.5%)
       Variation over previous period                                                          1.0%

       U.S.
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           787,947        721,492    66,455             9.2%
       Foreign currency impact                                                            (32,521)
       U.S. revenue                                                                       755,426        721,492    33,934             4.7%

       Nordics
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           346,405        358,580    (12,175)           (3.4%)
       Foreign currency impact                                                                2,370
       Nordics revenue                                                                    348,775        358,580     (9,805)           (2.7%)

       Canada
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           397,540        387,044    10,496             2.7%
       Foreign currency impact                                                                 (223)
       Canada revenue                                                                     397,317        387,044    10,273             2.7%

       France
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           366,494        341,672    24,822             7.3%
       Foreign currency impact                                                                2,978
       France revenue                                                                     369,472        341,672    27,800             8.1%

       U.K.
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           307,244        343,087    (35,843)          (10.4%)
       Foreign currency impact                                                            (13,069)
       U.K. revenue                                                                       294,175        343,087    (48,912)          (14.3%)

       ECS
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           290,479        288,387     2,092             0.7%
       Foreign currency impact                                                                3,239
       ECS revenue                                                                        293,718        288,387     5,331             1.8%

       Asia Pacific
       Revenue prior to foreign currency impact                                           151,119        142,167     8,952             6.3%
       Foreign currency impact                                                                (1,903)
       Asia Pacific revenue                                                               149,216        142,167     7,049             5.0%

      We ended the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 with revenue of $2,608.1 million, an increase of $25.7 million when compared to
      the same period of fiscal 2016. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $64.8 million or 2.5%. Foreign currency
      rate fluctuations unfavourably impacted our revenue by $39.1 million or 1.5%. The increase in revenue was primarily due to
      recent business acquisitions in the U.S. and higher work volume in the U.S. and France.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                           Page   34
       34
                                                                                                              FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      5.3.1. U.S.
      Revenue in our U.S. segment was $755.4 million in Q4 2017, an increase of $33.9 million or 4.7% compared to the same
      period of fiscal 2016. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $66.5 million or 9.2%. The increase was driven by
      revenue associated with recent business acquisitions as well as growth in the US Federal and commercial markets, partly
      offset by lower work volumes in the state and local government market.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two U.S. vertical markets were government and financial services, generating revenues
      of approximately $585 million for the current quarter.

      5.3.2. Nordics
      Revenue from our Nordics segment was $348.8 million in Q4 2017, a decrease of $9.8 million or 2.7% compared to the same
      period of fiscal 2016. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $12.2 million or 3.4%. The decrease was due to
      the expiration of certain infrastructure outsourcing contracts and the decrease in work volume in Denmark and Sweden, partly
      offset by new and existing business in Finland, mainly within the financial services vertical market.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Nordics vertical markets were MRD and government, generating revenues of
      approximately $232 million for the current quarter.

      5.3.3. Canada
      Revenue in our Canada segment for Q4 2017 was $397.3 million, an increase of $10.3 million or 2.7% compared to the same
      period of fiscal 2016. The increase in revenue was mainly the result of new and existing business primarily within the financial
      services and government vertical markets, partly offset by the expiration of certain infrastructure outsourcing contracts and
      the increased use of our offshore global delivery centers in Asia Pacific.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Canada vertical markets were financial services and communication & utilities,
      generating revenues of approximately $273 million for the current quarter.

      5.3.4. France
      Revenue from our France segment was $369.5 million in Q4 2017 an increase of $27.8 million or 8.1% compared to the same
      period of fiscal 2016. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $24.8 million or 7.3%. The increase in revenue was
      mostly due to new and existing business within the MRD vertical market as well as the increased work volume within the
      government and financial services vertical markets.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two France vertical markets were MRD and financial services, generating revenues of
      approximately $248 million for the current quarter.

      5.3.5. U.K.
      Revenue from our U.K. segment was $294.2 million in Q4 2017, a decrease of $48.9 million or 14.3% compared to the same
      period of fiscal 2016. On a constant currency basis, revenue decreased by $35.8 million or 10.4%. The decrease in revenue
      was mainly due to projects completed in fiscal 2017 and the favourable impact of the sale of additional equipment in Q4 2016.
      This was partly offset by growth in the government and communication & utilities vertical markets.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two U.K. vertical markets were government and communication & utilities, generating
      revenues of approximately $227 million for the current quarter.

      5.3.6. ECS
      Revenue from our ECS segment was $293.7 million in Q4 2017, an increase of $5.3 million or 1.8% when compared to the
      same period of fiscal 2016. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $2.1 million or 0.7%. The increase in revenue
      was mainly due to increased work volume across all geographies, with the exception of the Netherlands.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two ECS vertical markets were MRD and communication & utilities, generating revenues
      of approximately $182 million for the current quarter.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                 Page   35
                                                                                                                                   35
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      5.3.7. Asia Pacific
      Revenue from our Asia Pacific segment was $149.2 million in Q4 2017, an increase of $7.0 million or 5.0% compared to the
      same period of fiscal 2016. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased by $9.0 million or 6.3%. The increase in revenue
      was due to increased usage of our offshore delivery centers.

      On a client geographic basis, the top two Asia Pacific vertical markets were communication & utilities and MRD, generating
      revenues of approximately $20 million for the current quarter.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                              Page   36
       36
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      5.4. ADJUSTED EBIT BY SEGMENT

                                                                                                                              Change
       For the three months ended September 30,                                                2017      2016       $                    %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentages
       U.S.                                                                               111,010      128,494   (17,484)              (13.6%)
         As a percentage of U.S. revenue                                                      14.7%     17.8%

       Nordics                                                                                40,795    43,784    (2,989)               (6.8%)
         As a percentage of Nordics revenue                                                   11.7%     12.2%

       Canada                                                                                 99,243    94,136     5,107                5.4%
         As a percentage of Canada revenue                                                    25.0%     24.3%

       France                                                                                 42,465    43,067      (602)               (1.4%)
         As a percentage of France revenue                                                    11.5%     12.6%

       U.K.                                                                                   38,572    28,698     9,874               34.4%
         As a percentage of U.K. revenue                                                      13.1%      8.4%

       ECS                                                                                    27,386    30,302    (2,916)               (9.6%)
         As a percentage of ECS revenue                                                        9.3%     10.5%

       Asia Pacific                                                                           36,362    26,598     9,764               36.7%
         As a percentage of Asia Pacific revenue                                              24.4%     18.7%

       Adjusted EBIT                                                                      395,833      395,079          754             0.2%
         Adjusted EBIT margin                                                                 15.2%     15.3%

      Adjusted EBIT for the quarter was $395.8 million an increase of $0.8 million or 0.2% from Q4 2016, while the margin remained
      essentially stable at 15.2%.

      5.4.1. U.S.
      Adjusted EBIT in the U.S. segment was $111.0 million for Q4 2017, a decrease of $17.5 million year-over-year. Adjusted EBIT
      margin decreased to 14.7% from 17.8% mainly the result of a positive impact from additional research and development tax
      credits in Q4 2016 and to an adjustment to performance based compensation accruals in Q4 2017. This was partly offset by
      improved utilization.

      5.4.2. Nordics
      Adjusted EBIT in the Nordics segment was $40.8 million for Q4 2017, a decrease of $3.0 million year-over-year. Adjusted
      EBIT margin decreased to 11.7% from 12.2%. The decrease was mainly due to certain project challenges in Denmark and
      to the timing of the winding down of remaining fixed costs following the expiration of several infrastructure outsourcing contracts .
      This was partly offset by a decrease in amortization of client relationships.

      5.4.3. Canada
      Adjusted EBIT in the Canada segment was $99.2 million for Q4 2017, an increase of $5.1 million year-over-year while adjusted
      EBIT margin increased to 25.0% from 24.3%. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly driven by improved utilization
      and a better mix of profitable revenue, partly offset by the timing of the winding down of remaining fixed costs following the
      expiration of certain infrastructure outsourcing contracts, combined with the costs associated to ramping up of new outsourcing
      contracts.

      5.4.4. France
      Adjusted EBIT in the France segment was $42.5 million for Q4 2017, a decrease of $0.6 million while adjusted EBIT margin
      decreased to 11.5% from 12.6%. The decrease was mainly the result of one less billable day.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                            Page   37
                                                                                                                                              37
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      5.4.5. U.K.
      Adjusted EBIT in the U.K. segment was $38.6 million for Q4 2017, an increase of $9.9 million year-over-year. Adjusted EBIT
      margin increased to 13.1% from 8.4%. The increase in adjusted EBIT margin was mainly the result of a provision taken on a
      client contract in Q4 2016 and of an improved cost structure.

      5.4.6. ECS
      Adjusted EBIT in the ECS segment was $27.4 million for Q4 2017, a decrease of $2.9 million year-over-year, while the adjusted
      EBIT margin decreased to 9.3% from 10.5%. The change in margin was mainly due to lower work volume and projects
      completed in the Netherlands, which impacted our utilization.

      5.4.7. Asia Pacific
      Adjusted EBIT in the Asia Pacific segment was $36.4 million for Q4 2017, an increase of $9.8 million year-over-year, while
      the margin increased to 24.4% from 18.7%. This change was mostly due to a reduction in performance based compensation
      accruals in Q4 2017 and, to a lesser extent, improved utilization and cost structure in Australia.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                               Page   38
       38
                                                                                                                      FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      5.5. NET EARNINGS AND EARNINGS PER SHARE
      The following table sets out the information supporting the earnings per share calculations:

                                                                                                                             Change
       For the three months ended September 30,                                                 2017         2016        $             %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
       Adjusted EBIT                                                                          395,833      395,079       754           0.2%
       Minus the following items:
          Acquisition-related and integration costs                                             2,980           —      2,980            —%
          Restructuring costs                                                                  88,628           —     88,628            —%
          Net finance costs                                                                    16,575       17,623     (1,048)         (5.9%)
       Earnings before income taxes                                                           287,650      377,456    (89,806)        (23.8%)
       Income tax expense                                                                      79,188      103,021    (23,833)        (23.1%)
          Effective tax rate                                                                   27.5%         27.3%

       Net earnings                                                                           208,462      274,435    (65,973)        (24.0%)
          Margin                                                                                8.0%         10.6%

       Weighted average number of shares

         Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares          292,708,617      303,203,548                    (3.5%)
         (basic)

         Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares          297,581,974      309,569,738                    (3.9%)
         (diluted)

       Earnings per share (in dollars)
         Basic EPS                                                                             0.71           0.91      (0.20)        (22.0%)
         Diluted EPS                                                                           0.70           0.89      (0.19)        (21.3%)

      For the current quarter, the decrease in earnings before income taxes was mainly due to the $88.6 million of restructuring
      costs incurred in Q4 2017.

      In Q4 2017, the income tax expense was $79.2 million, a decrease of $23.8 million compared to $103.0 million in Q4 2016,
      while our effective income tax rate increased from 27.3% to 27.5%. When excluding the tax effects from the acquisition-related
      and integration costs and restructuring costs incurred, the income tax rate would have been 27.3% in Q4 2017 as presented
      in the table in section 5.5.1.

      During the quarter, 8,965,568 Class A subordinate voting shares were purchased for cancellation while 216,383 stock options
      were exercised.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                           Page   39
                                                                                                                                             39
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      5.5.1. Net Earnings and Earnings per Share Excluding Specific Items
      Below is a table showing the year-over-year comparison excluding specific items, namely acquisition-related and integration
      costs as well as restructuring costs :

                                                                                                                                 Change
       For the three months ended September 30,                                                 2017          2016       $                %
       In thousands of CAD except for percentage and shares data
       Earnings before income taxes                                                           287,650      377,456    (89,806)        (23.8%)
       Add back:
            Acquisition-related and integration costs                                           2,980           —      2,980               —%
            Restructuring costs                                                                88,628           —     88,628               —%
       Earnings before income taxes excluding specific items                                  379,258      377,456     1,802              0.5%

       Income tax expense                                                                      79,188      103,021    (23,833)        (23.1%)
       Add back:
            Tax deduction on acquisition-related and integration costs                          1,057           —      1,057               —%
            Tax deduction on restructuring                                                     23,292           —     23,292               —%
       Income tax expense excluding specific items                                            103,537      103,021       516              0.5%
            Effective tax rate excluding specific items                                        27.3%         27.3%

       Net earnings excluding specific items                                                  275,721      274,435     1,286              0.5%
            Net earnings excluding specific items margin                                       10.6%         10.6%

       Weighted average number of shares outstanding

         Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares         292,708,617       303,203,548                       (3.5%)
         (basic)

         Class A subordinate voting shares and Class B multiple voting shares         297,581,974       309,569,738                       (3.9%)
         (diluted)

       Earnings per share excluding specific items (in dollars)

         Basic EPS                                                                               0.94          0.91      0.03             3.3%
         Diluted EPS                                                                             0.93          0.89      0.04             4.5%




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                           Page    40
       40
                                                                                                                                         FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      5.6. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      As at September 30, 2017, cash and cash equivalents were $165.9 million. The following table provides a summary of the
      generation and use of cash and cash equivalents for the quarters ended September 30, 2017 and 2016.

          For the three months ended September 30,                                                                      2017              2016           Change
          In thousands of CAD
          Cash provided by operating activities                                                                     352,077            401,806            (49,729)
          Cash used in investing activities                                                                          (98,121)         (101,300)             3,179
          Cash used in financing activities                                                                        (373,896)             (1,473)        (372,423)
          Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                       (17,125)           13,815            (30,940)
          Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                     (137,065)           312,848          (449,913)


      5.6.1. Cash Provided by Operating Activities
      For Q4 2017, cash provided by operating activities was $352.1 million compared to $401.8 million in Q4 2016, or 13.5% of
      revenue compared to 15.6% last year.
      The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from operating activities.

          For the three months ended September 30,                                                                      2017              2016           Change
          In thousands of CAD
          Net earnings                                                                                              208,462            274,435           (65,973)
          Amortization and depreciation                                                                             100,210             98,385              1,825
          Other adjustments 1                                                                                         12,910            41,896           (28,986)
          Cash flow from operating activities before net change in non-cash working                                 321,582            414,716           (93,134)
          capital items
          Net change in non-cash working capital items:
             Accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue                                               19,879            49,524           (29,645)
             Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, provisions and                                           (118,621)
                                                                                                                      (9,282)                            109,339
             long-term liabilities
                     2
             Other                                                                                                    19,898            56,187           (36,289)
          Net change in non-cash working capital items                                                                30,495           (12,910)           43,405
          Cash provided by operating activities                                                                     352,077            401,806           (49,729)
      1
               Other adjustments are comprised of deferred income taxes, foreign exchange gain and share-based payment costs.
      2
               Comprised of prepaid expenses and other assets, long-term financial assets, retirement benefits obligations, derivative financial instruments and income
               taxes.

      For the three months ended September 30, 2017, the $30.5 million of net change in non-cash working capital items was mostly
      due to the net decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets mostly due to the timing of payments for maintenance services.
      The timing of our working capital inflows and outflows will always have an impact on the cash flow from operations.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                                                Page     41
                                                                                                                                                                    41
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      5.6.2. Cash Used in Investing Activities
      For Q4 2017, $98.1 million was used in investing activities while $101.3 million was used in the prior year.

      The following table provides a summary of the generation and use of cash from investing activities:

       For the three months ended September 30,                                                 2017        2016          Change
       In thousands of CAD
       Business acquisitions                                                                  (32,799)         —          (32,799)
       Proceeds from sale of property, plant & equipment                                           —         980             (980)
       Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                              (29,219)    (41,578)         12,359
       Additions to contract costs                                                            (22,509)    (29,327)          6,818
       Additions to intangible assets                                                         (22,969)    (28,802)          5,833
       Net proceeds (purchase) of long-term investments                                        9,375       (2,573)         11,948
       Cash used in investing activities                                                      (98,121)   (101,300)          3,179


      The decrease of $3.2 million in cash used in investing activities during Q4 2017 was mainly due to less investments in the
      purchase of property, plant and equipment, more specifically in server data storage, networking and computer equipment in
      our global delivery centers, as well as the net proceeds in long-term investments. In addition, there were less investments in
      contract costs and intangible assets, all of which was partly offset by business acquisitions in the U.S in Q4 2017.


      5.6.3. Cash Used in Financing Activities

        For the three months ended September 30,                                                2017        2016         Change
        In thousands of CAD
        Net change in unsecured committed revolving credit facility                           200,000          —          200,000
        Net change in long-term debt                                                          (14,171)    (16,718)          2,547
                                                                                              185,829     (16,718)        202,547
        Repayment of debt assumed in business acquisition                                        (222)         —             (222)
        Purchase and cancellation of Class A subordinate voting
        shares                                                                            (563,574)            —         (563,574)
        Issuance of Class A subordinate voting shares                                           4,071     15,245          (11,174)
        Cash used in financing activities                                                 (373,896)        (1,473)       (372,423)


      During Q4 2017, we drew $200.0 million on the Company's unsecured committed revolving credit facility to purchase shares
      for cancellation under our NCIB. In addition, an amount of $14.2 million was used to reduce our outstanding long-term debt
      while, for the same period last year, $16.7 million was used.

      During Q4 2017, we used $563.6 million to purchase Class A subordinate voting shares for cancellation under the NCIB. For
      the same period last year, we did not purchase Class A subordinate voting shares for cancellation under the NCIB.

      In Q4 2017, we received $4.1 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options, compared to $15.2 million during the
      same period last year.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                               Page   42
       42
                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




6.    6. Eight
          EightQuarter
                QuarterSummary
                        Summary(Unaudited)
                                (Unaudited)


       As at and for the three months           Sep. 30,     Jun. 30,      Mar. 31,     Dec. 31,      Sep. 30,   Jun. 30,    Mar. 31,   Dec. 31,
       ended,                                    2017         2017          2017         2016          2016       2016        2016       2015
       In millions of CAD unless otherwise noted
       Growth
       Revenue                                  2,608.1      2,836.8      2,724.4        2,675.7      2,582.4    2,667.1     2,750.0    2,683.7
       Year-over-year revenue growth             1.0%          6.4%         (0.9%)       (0.3%)        (0.1%)     4.2%        5.7%       5.6%
       Constant currency year-over-year
       revenue growth                            2.5%          5.2%          5.6%         3.7%         2.8%       0.6%        (1.0%)     (1.8%)
       Backlog                                  20,813        20,800        20,968       20,975       20,893     20,614       20,705    21,505
       Bookings                                  2,913         2,675        2,735         2,962        2,858      2,940       2,734      3,199
       Book-to-bill ratio                       111.7%        94.3%        100.4%        110.7%       110.7%     110.2%       99.4%     119.2%
       Book-to-bill ratio trailing twelve
       months                                   104.1%        103.8%       107.9%        107.7%       109.8%     109.8%      104.1%     101.0%
       Profitability
       Adjusted EBIT                             395.8         399.1        395.1         396.7        395.1      390.5       390.6      384.1
        Adjusted EBIT margin                     15.2%        14.1%         14.5%         14.8%        15.3%      14.6%       14.2%      14.3%
       Net earnings                              208.5         276.6        274.4         275.7        274.4      273.8       282.7      237.7
        Net earnings margin                      8.0%          9.8%         10.1%         10.3%        10.6%      10.3%       10.3%      8.9%
       Diluted EPS (in dollars)                   0.70         0.92          0.90             0.89      0.89       0.89        0.90       0.75
       Net earnings excluding specific
       items                                     275.7         278.5        275.2         277.6        274.4      273.8       268.3      264.9
        Net earnings margin excluding
        specific items                           10.6%         9.8%         10.1%         10.4%        10.6%      10.3%       9.8%       9.9%
       Diluted EPS excluding specific
       items (in dollars)                         0.93         0.93          0.91             0.90      0.89       0.89        0.86       0.84
       Liquidity
       Cash provided by operating
       activities                                352.1         290.6        366.2         349.7        401.8      351.7       251.4      328.2
        As a % of revenue                        13.5%        10.2%         13.4%         13.1%        15.6%      13.2%       9.1%       12.2%
       Days sales outstanding                      47           45            42              44        44         45          41         44
       Capital structure
       Net debt                                 1,749.4       1,449.8      1,493.7       1,491.7      1,333.3    1,648.7     1,926.7    1,573.7
       Net debt to capitalization ratio           21.5%         17.2%         18.2%           18.2%     15.8%      20.5%       23.8%      18.3%
       Return on equity                           16.1%         17.2%         17.5%           17.7%     17.2%      16.9%       16.9%      16.9%
       Return on invested capital                 13.7%         14.6%         14.7%           14.6%     14.2%      13.8%       13.8%      13.8%
       Balance sheet
       Cash and cash equivalents, and
       short-term investments                    165.9         302.9        282.0         313.9        596.5      283.7       168.9      552.4
       Total assets                            11,396.2      11,832.6      11,526.0     11,535.9      11,693.3   11,434.0    11,417.9   12,130.3
       Long-term financial liabilities          1,821.9       1,725.3      1,747.0       1,760.9      1,765.4    1,764.5     1,928.5    1,822.1

      There are factors causing quarterly variances which may not be reflective of the Company’s future performance. First, there
      is seasonality in system integration and consulting work, and the quarterly performance of these operations is impacted by
      occurrences such as vacations and the number of statutory holidays in any given quarter. Outsourcing contracts including
      business process services contracts are affected to a lesser extent by seasonality. Second, the workflow from some clients
      may fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on their business cycle and the seasonality of their own operations. Third, the
      savings that we generate for a client on a given outsourcing contract may temporarily reduce our revenue stream from this
      client, as these savings may not be immediately offset by additional work performed for this client.

      In general, cash flow from operating activities could vary significantly from quarter to quarter depending on the timing of
      monthly payments received from large clients, cash requirements associated with large acquisitions, outsourcing contracts
      and projects, the timing of the reimbursements for various tax credits as well as profit sharing payments to members and the
      timing of restructuring cost payments.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                              Page     43
                                                                                                                                                 43
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      Foreign exchange fluctuations can also contribute to quarterly variances as our percentage of operations in foreign countries
      evolves. The effect from these variances is primarily on our revenue and to a much lesser extent, on our margin as we benefit,
      as much as possible, from natural hedges.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                Page   44
       44
                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




7. 7. Changes
   Changes in in Accounting
             Accounting     Policies
                         Policies


      The audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2017 include all adjustments that CGI’s
      management considers necessary for the fair presentation of its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

      FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES

      The following standards have been issued but are not yet effective. The Company’s preliminary assessments are subject to
      changes, as the Company is progressing in the assessment of the impact of these standards on its consolidated financial
      statements.

      IAS 7 - Statement of Cash Flows
      In January 2016, the IASB amended IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows, to require enhanced disclosure about changes in
      liabilities arising from financing activities, including changes from financing cash flows, changes arising from obtaining or losing
      control of subsidiaries or other businesses, the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates and changes in fair value. The
      amendments to IAS 7 are effective on October 1, 2017 for the Company and the additional disclosures will be provided in the
      Company's 2018 annual audited consolidated financial statements.

      IFRS 15 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers
      In May 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, to specify how and when to recognize
      revenue as well as requiring the provision of more informative and relevant disclosures. The standard supersedes IAS 18,
      Revenue, IAS 11, Construction Contracts, and other revenue related interpretations.

      The standard will be effective on October 1, 2018 for the Company. Accordingly, IFRS 15 will be applied in the Company's
      interim consolidated financial statements for the three months ended December 31, 2018. The standard permits two possible
      transition methods for its application: i) retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented, or ii) retrospectively with the
      cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized on the date of the initial application. The Company has not yet
      selected a transition method.

      In preparation for the conversion to IFRS 15, the Company has developed a detailed conversion plan consisting of four phases:
      1) awareness, 2) detailed impact assessment, 3) design and 4) implementation. As part of the awareness phase, the Company
      has established a Steering Committee responsible for monitoring the progress and approving recommendations from the
      project team. The Steering Committee meets regularly and quarterly updates are provided to the Audit and Risk Management
      Committee.

      The Company has completed the awareness phase which also involved a high-level review of the differences between current
      requirements and IFRS 15. The Company is progressing through the second phase of the conversion plan which encompasses
      a detailed impact assessment of the differences identified. Generally, the Company expects that revenue from outsourcing,
      business process services and system integration and consulting services arrangements will continue to be recognized as
      the services are provided in a manner that is consistent with its current accounting policies. The Company is in the process
      of evaluating the impact of the standard on its revenue recognition from software licenses and the additional disclosure
      requirements.

      The remaining two phases, design and implementation are being conducted concurrently up until the effective date. The
      impacts on the other key elements such as IT changes, education and training requirements, internal control over financial
      reporting and impacts on business activities of the Company’s conversion plan will be assessed during those phases.

      IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments
      In July 2014, the IASB amended IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, to replace IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and
      Measurement.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                     Page   45




                                                                                                                                       45
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      The standard will be effective on October 1, 2018 for the Company and is required to be applied retrospectively. Accordingly,
      IFRS 9 will be applied in the interim consolidated financial statements for the three months ended December 31, 2018.

      The standard simplifies the classification of financial assets, while carrying forward most of the requirements of IAS 39. The
      standard introduces a new impairment model, which allows the use of a simplified approach, and a new hedge accounting
      model that is more closely aligned with risk-management activities.

      The Company has performed a high-level review of the differences between IAS 39 and IFRS 9. Based on the preliminary
      assessment performed to date, the Company does not expect a significant impact on its audited consolidated financial
      statements.

      IFRIC Interpretation 22 - Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration

      In December 2016, the IASB issued International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) Interpretation 22,
      Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration, to clarify the transaction date for the purpose of determining the
      exchange rate to use on initial recognition of the related transactions when the Company has received or paid in advance
      consideration in a foreign currency. This interpretation will be effective on October 1, 2018 for the Company, with earlier
      application permitted. Based on the preliminary assessment performed to date, the Company does not expect a significant
      impact on its audited consolidated financial statements.

      IFRS 16 - Leases
      In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16, Leases, to set out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation
      and disclosure of leases for both parties to a lease agreement. The standard supersedes IAS 17, Leases, and other lease
      related Interpretations, eliminates the classification of leases as either operating leases or finance leases and introduces a
      single lessee accounting model. The standard will be effective on October 1, 2019 for the Company with earlier application
      permitted. When the Company is the lessee, it is expected that the application of IFRS 16 will result in on-balance sheet
      recognition of most of its lease agreements that are currently considered operating leases, which are primarily for the rental
      of premises. The Company also expects a decrease of its property costs and an increase of its finance costs and amortization
      and depreciation resulting from the change in the recognition, measurement and presentation of rental expense.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                               Page   46




       46
                                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




8.    8. Critical
      Critical    Accounting
               Accounting    Estimates
                          Estimates


      The Company’s significant accounting policies are described in note 3 of the audited consolidated financial statements for the
      year ended September 30, 2017. Certain of these accounting policies, listed below, require management to make accounting
      estimates and judgement that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and equity and the accompanying disclosures
      at the date of the audited consolidated financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
      the reporting period. These accounting estimates are considered critical because they require management to make subjective
      and/or complex judgements that are inherently uncertain and because they could have a material impact on the presentation
      of our financial condition, changes in financial condition or results of operations.

                                                                             Consolidated
          Areas impacted by estimates                                                                        Consolidated statements of earnings
                                                                            balance sheets
                                                                                                                      Cost of services,     Income
                                                                                                      Revenue           selling and          taxes
                                                                                                                       administrative
          Revenue recognition 1                                                    ✓                         ✓               ✓
          Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts                         ✓                                         ✓
          Goodwill impairment                                                      ✓                                         ✓
          Business combinations                                                    ✓                         ✓               ✓                 ✓
          Income taxes                                                             ✓                                                           ✓
          Litigation and claims                                                    ✓                         ✓               ✓
      1
             Affects the balance sheet through accounts receivable, work in progress and deferred revenue.

      Revenue recognition

      Relative selling price
      If an arrangement involves the provision of multiple components, the total arrangement value is allocated to each separately
      identifiable component based on its relative selling price at the inception of the contract. At least on a yearly basis, the Company
      reviews its best estimate of the selling price which is established by using a reasonable range of prices for the various services
      and products offered by the Company based on local market information available. Information used in determining the range
      is mainly based on recent contracts signed and the economic environment. A change in the range could have a material impact
      on the allocation of total arrangement value, and therefore on the amount and timing of revenue recognition.

      System integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements

      Revenue from system integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements where the outcome of the
      arrangements can be estimated reliably is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over the service periods.
      The Company primarily uses labour hours or labour costs to measure the progress towards completion. Project managers
      monitor and re-evaluate project forecasts on a monthly basis. Forecasts are reviewed to consider factors such as: changes
      to the scope of the contracts, delays in reaching milestones and new complexities in the project delivery. Forecasts can also
      be affected by market risks such as the availability and retention of qualified IT professionals and/or the ability of the
      subcontractors to perform their obligation within agreed upon budget and timeframes. To the extent that actual labour hours
      or labour costs could vary from estimates, adjustments to revenue following the review of the costs to complete on projects
      are reflected in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision occur. Whenever the total costs are forecasted to be
      higher than the total revenue, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts is accounted for as described below.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                                        Page   47




                                                                                                                                                          47
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts

      Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts may occur due to additional contract costs which were not foreseen at
      inception of the contract. Projects and services are monitored by the project managers on a monthly basis. Some of the
      indicators reviewed are: current financial results, delays in reaching milestones, new complexities in the project delivery and
      third party deliverables and estimated costs.

      In addition, CGI’s Engagement Assessment Services (EAS) team conducts a formal monthly health check assessment on
      CGI’s project portfolio for all contracts that have a value above an established threshold. The reviews are based on a defined
      set of risk dimensions and assessment categories that results in detailed reports containing actual delivery and current financial
      status which are reviewed with the executive management. Due to the variability of the indicators reviewed, and because the
      estimates are based on many variables, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts are subject to change.

      Goodwill impairment
      The carrying value of goodwill is tested for impairment annually on September 30, or earlier if events or changes in circumstances
      indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. In order to determine if a goodwill impairment test is required, management
      reviews different factors on a quarterly basis such as changes in technological or market environment, changes in assumptions
      used to derive the weighted average cost of capital (WACC) and actual financial performance compared to planned
      performance.

      The recoverable amount of each segment has been determined based on its value in use (VIU) calculation which includes
      estimates about their future financial performance based on cash flows approved by management. However, factors such as
      our ability to continue developing and expanding service offered to address emerging business demands and technology
      trends, a lengthened sales cycle and our ability to hire and retain qualified IT professionals affect future cash flows, and actual
      results might differ from future cash flows used in the goodwill impairment test. Key assumptions used in goodwill impairment
      testing are presented in note 11 of the audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017.
      Historically the Company has not recorded an impairment charge on goodwill. As at September 30, 2017, the fair value of
      each segment represents between 185% and 345% of its carrying value.

      Business combinations

      Management makes assumptions when determining the acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable tangible and intangible
      assets acquired and liabilities assumed which involve estimates, such as the forecasting of future cash flows, discount rates,
      and the useful lives of the assets acquired.

      Additionally, judgement is required in determining whether an intangible asset is identifiable, and should be recorded separately
      from goodwill.

      Changes in the above assumptions, estimates and judgements could affect our acquisition-date fair values and therefore
      could have material impacts on our audited consolidated financial statements. These changes are recorded as part of the
      purchase price allocation and therefore result in corresponding goodwill adjustments if they occurred during the measurement
      period, not exceeding one year. All other subsequent changes are recorded in our audited consolidated statement of earnings.

      Income taxes

      Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
      that taxable profit will be available for their utilization. The Company considers the analysis of forecast and future tax planning
      strategies. Estimates of taxable profit are made based on the forecast by jurisdiction which are aligned with goodwill impairment
      testing assumptions, on an undiscounted basis. In addition, management considers factors such as substantively enacted tax
      rates, the history of the taxable profits and availability of tax strategies. Due to the uncertainty and the variability of the factors
      mentioned above, deferred tax assets are subject to change. Management reviews its assumptions on a quarterly basis and
      adjusts the deferred tax assets when appropriate.

      The Company is subject to taxation in numerous jurisdictions and there are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate
      tax determination is uncertain which occurs when there is uncertainty as to the meaning of the law, or to the applicability of



CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                        Page   48




       48
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      the law to a particular transaction or both. In those circumstances, the Company might review administrative practice, consult
      tax authorities or advisors on the interpretation of tax legislation. When a tax position is uncertain, the Company recognizes
      an income tax benefit or reduces an income tax liability only when it is probable that the tax benefit will be realized in the future
      or that the income tax liability is no longer probable. The provision for uncertain tax position is made using the best estimate
      of the amount expected to be paid based on qualitative assessments of all relevant factors and is subject to change. The
      review of assumptions is done on a quarterly basis.

      Litigation and claims
      Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is
      probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable
      estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. The accrued litigation and legal claim provisions are based on historical
      experience, current trends and other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates
      include the period in which the underlying cause of the claim occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavourable outcome.
      Management reviews assumptions and facts surrounding outstanding litigation and claims on a quarterly basis, involves
      external counsel when necessary and adjusts the provision accordingly. The Company has to be compliant with applicable
      law in many jurisdictions which increases the complexity of determining the adequate provision following litigation review.
      Since the outcome of such litigation and claims is not predictable with assurance, those provisions are subject to change.
      Adjustments to litigation and claims provisions are reflected in the period when the facts that give rise to an adjustment occur.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                      Page   49




                                                                                                                                        49
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




9.    9.  Integrity
      Integrity of of  Disclosure
                    Disclosure



      Our management assumes the responsibility for the existence of appropriate information systems, procedures and controls
      to ensure that information used internally and disclosed externally is complete and reliable.

      CGI has a formal corporate disclosure policy whose goal is to raise awareness of the Company’s approach to disclosure
      among the members of the Board of Directors, senior management and employees.

      The Board of Directors has the responsibility under its charter and under the securities laws that govern CGI’s continuous
      disclosure obligations to oversee CGI's compliance with its continuous and timely disclosure obligations, as well as the integrity
      of the Company's internal controls and management information systems. The Board of Directors carries out this responsibility
      mainly through its Audit and Risk Management Committee.

      The Audit and Risk Management Committee of CGI is composed entirely of independent directors who meet the independence
      and experience requirements of National Instrument 52-110 adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators as well as
      those of the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The role and
      responsibilities of the Committee include: (a) reviewing all public disclosure documents containing audited or unaudited financial
      information concerning CGI; (b) identifying and examining the financial and operating risks to which the Company is exposed,
      reviewing the various policies and practices of the Company that are intended to manage those risks, and reporting on a
      regular basis to the Board of Directors concerning risk management; (c) reviewing and assessing the effectiveness of CGI’s
      accounting policies and practices concerning financial reporting; (d) reviewing and monitoring CGI’s internal control procedures,
      programs and policies and assessing their adequacy and effectiveness; (e) reviewing the adequacy of CGI’s internal audit
      resources including the mandate and objectives of the internal auditor; (f) recommending to the Board of Directors the
      appointment of the external auditor, asserting the external auditor’s independence, reviewing the terms of their engagement,
      conducting an annual auditor's performance assessment, and pursuing ongoing discussions with them; (g) reviewing all related
      party transactions in accordance with the rules of the NYSE and other applicable laws and regulations; (h) reviewing the audit
      procedures including the proposed scope of the external auditor's examinations; and (i) performing such other functions as
      are usually attributed to audit committees or as directed by the Board of Directors. In making its recommendation to the Board
      of Directors in relation to the annual appointment of the external auditor, the Audit and Risk Management Committee conducts
      an annual assessment of the external auditor's performance following the recommendations of the Chartered Professional
      Accountants of Canada. The formal assessment is concluded in advance of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and
      is conducted with the assistance of key CGI personnel.

      The Company evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting
      based on the framework established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Commitee of Sponsoring
      Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO Framework), supervised by and with the participation of the Chief
      Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer as of September 30, 2017. The Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
      Officer concluded that, based on this evaluation, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over
      financial reporting were adequate and effective, at a reasonable level of assurance, to ensure that material information related
      to the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries would be made known to them by others within those entities.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                   Page   50




       50
                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




10. 10.
    RiskRisk Environment
         Environment


      10.1. RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
      While we are confident about our long-term prospects, the following risks and uncertainties could affect our ability to achieve
      our strategic vision and objectives for growth and should be considered when evaluating our potential as an investment.

      10.1.1. Risks Related to the Market

      Economic risk
      The level of business activity of our clients, which is affected by economic conditions, has a bearing upon the results of our
      operations. We can neither predict the impact that current economic conditions will have on our future revenue, nor predict
      when economic conditions will show meaningful improvement. During an economic downturn, our clients and potential clients
      may cancel, reduce or defer existing contracts and delay entering into new engagements. Clients may decide to undertake
      fewer IT systems projects during difficult economic times, resulting in limited implementation of new technology and smaller
      engagements. Since there may be fewer engagements in a downturn, competition may increase and pricing for services may
      decline as competitors may decrease rates to maintain or increase their market share in our industry and this may trigger
      pricing adjustments related to the benchmarking obligations within our contracts. Our revenue and profitability could be
      negatively impacted as a result of these factors.

      10.1.2. Risks Related to our Industry

      The competition for contracts
      CGI operates in a global marketplace in which competition among providers of IT services is vigorous. Some of our competitors
      possess greater financial, marketing and sales resources, and larger geographic scope in certain parts of the world than we
      do, which, in turn, provides them with additional leverage in the competition for contracts. In certain niche, regional or
      metropolitan markets, we face smaller competitors with specialized capabilities who may be able to provide competing services
      with greater economic efficiency. Some of our competitors have more significant operations than we do in lower cost countries
      that can serve as a platform from which to provide services worldwide on terms that may be more favourable. Increased
      competition among IT services firms often results in corresponding pressure on prices. There can be no assurance that we
      will succeed in providing competitively priced services at levels of service and quality that will enable us to maintain and grow
      our market share.

      We derive significant revenue from contracts awarded through competitive bidding processes, which limit the Company's
      ability to negotiate certain contractual terms and conditions. Risks related to competitive bidding processes also involve
      substantial cost and managerial time and effort spent by the Company to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may
      or may not be awarded to the Company, as well as expenses and delays that may arise if the Company's competitors protest
      or challenge awards made to the Company pursuant to competitive bidding processes.

      The availability and retention of qualified IT professionals
      There is strong demand for qualified individuals in the IT industry. Hiring and retaining a sufficient amount of individuals with
      the desired knowledge and skill set may be difficult. Therefore, it is important that we remain able to successfully attract and
      retain highly qualified professionals and establish an effective succession plan. If our comprehensive programs aimed at
      attracting and retaining qualified and dedicated professionals do not ensure that we have staff in sufficient numbers and with
      the appropriate training, expertise and suitable government security clearances required to serve the needs of our clients, we
      may have to rely on subcontractors or transfers of staff to fill resulting gaps. If our succession plan fails to identify those with
      potential or to develop these key individuals, we may be unable to replace key members who retire or leave the company and
      may be required to recruit and/or train new employees. This might result in lost revenue or increased costs, thereby putting
      pressure on our net earnings.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                     Page   51




                                                                                                                                       51
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      The ability to continue developing and expanding service offerings to address emerging business demands and technology
      trends
      The rapid pace of change in all aspects of IT and the continually declining costs of acquiring and maintaining IT infrastructure
      mean that we must anticipate changes in our clients’ needs. To do so, we must adapt our services and our solutions so that
      we maintain and improve our competitive advantage and remain able to provide cost effective services and solutions. The
      markets in which we operate are extremely competitive and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in developing
      and adapting our business in a timely manner. If we do not keep pace, our ability to retain existing clients and gain new
      business may be adversely affected. This may result in pressure on our revenue, net earnings and resulting cash flow from
      operations.

      Infringing on the intellectual property rights of others
      Despite our efforts, the steps we take to ensure that our services and offerings do not infringe on the intellectual property
      rights of third parties may not be adequate to prevent infringement and, as a result, claims may be asserted against us or our
      clients. We enter into licensing agreements for the right to use intellectual property and may otherwise offer indemnities against
      liability and damages arising from third-party claims of patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret infringement in respect of
      our own intellectual property or software or other solutions developed for our clients. In some instances, the amount of these
      indemnity claims could be greater than the revenue we receive from the client (see guarantees risk). Intellectual property
      claims or litigation could be time-consuming and costly, harm our reputation, require us to enter into additional royalty or
      licensing arrangements, or prevent us from providing some solutions or services. Any limitation on our ability to sell or use
      solutions or services that incorporate software or technologies that are the subject of a claim could cause us to lose revenue-
      generating opportunities or require us to incur additional expenses to modify solutions for future projects.

      Protecting our intellectual property rights
      Our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary methodologies, processes, know-how, tools, techniques
      and other intellectual property that we use to provide our services. Although CGI takes reasonable steps (e.g. available
      copyright protection and, in some cases, patent protection) to protect and enforce its intellectual property rights, there is no
      assurance that such measures will be enforceable or adequate. The cost of enforcing our rights can be substantial and, in
      certain cases, may prove to be uneconomic. In addition, the laws of some countries in which we conduct business may offer
      only limited intellectual property rights protection. Despite our efforts, the steps taken to protect our intellectual property may
      not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation of intellectual property, and we may not be able
      to detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property, or take appropriate steps to enforce our intellectual property rights.

      Benchmarking provisions within certain contracts
      Some of our outsourcing contracts contain clauses allowing our clients to externally benchmark the pricing of agreed upon
      services against those offered by other providers in a peer comparison group. The uniqueness of the client environment should
      be factored in and, if results indicate a difference outside the agreed upon tolerance, we may be required to work with clients
      to reset the pricing for their services. There can be no assurance that benchmarks will produce accurate or reliable data,
      including pricing data. This may result in pressure on our revenue, net earnings and resulting cash flow from operations.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                    Page   52




       52
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      10.1.3. Risks Related to our Business

      Risks associated with our growth strategy
      CGI’s Build and Buy strategy is founded on four pillars of growth: first, organic growth through contract wins, renewals and
      extensions in the areas of outsourcing and system integration; second, the pursuit of new large outsourcing contracts; third,
      acquisitions of smaller firms or niche players; and fourth, transformational acquisitions.

      Our ability to achieve organic growth is affected by a number of factors outside of our control, including a lengthening of our
      sales cycle for major outsourcing contracts.

      Our ability to grow through niche and transformational acquisitions requires that we identify suitable acquisition targets and
      that we correctly evaluate their potential as transactions that will meet our financial and operational objectives. There can be
      no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates and consummate additional acquisitions that meet
      our economic thresholds, or that future acquisitions will be successfully integrated into our operations and yield the tangible
      accretive value that had been expected.

      If we are unable to implement our Build and Buy strategy, we will likely be unable to maintain our historic or expected growth
      rates.

      The variability of financial results

      Our ability to maintain and increase our revenue is affected not only by our success in implementing our Build and Buy strategy,
      but also by a number of other factors, which could cause the Company's financial results to fluctuate. These factors include:
      (i) our ability to introduce and deliver new services and business solutions; (ii) our potential exposure to a lengthened sales
      cycle; (iii) the cyclicality of the purchases of our technology services and products; (iv) the nature of our client’s business (for
      example, if a client encounters financial difficulty, it may be forced to cancel, reduce or defer existing contracts with us); and
      (v) the structure of our agreements with clients (for example, some of CGI's agreements with clients contain clauses allowing
      the clients to benchmark the pricing of services provided by CGI against the prices offered by other providers). These, and
      other factors, make it difficult to predict financial results for any given period.

      Business mix variations
      The proportion of revenue that we generate from shorter-term system integration and consulting projects (SI&C), versus
      revenue from long-term outsourcing contracts, will fluctuate at times, affected by acquisitions or other transactions. An increased
      exposure to revenue from SI&C projects may result in greater quarterly revenue variations, as the revenue from SI&C projects
      does not provide long-term consistency in revenue.

      The financial and operational risks inherent in worldwide operations
      We manage operations in numerous countries around the world including offshore delivery centers. The scope of our operations
      (including our offshore delivery centers) subjects us to issues that can negatively impact our operations, including: currency
      fluctuations (see foreign exchange risk); the burden of complying with a wide variety of national and local laws (see regulatory
      risk); the differences in and uncertainties arising from local business culture and practices; political, social and economic
      instability including the threats of terrorism, civil unrest, war, natural disasters and pandemic illnesses. Any or all of these risks
      could impact our global business operations and cause our profitability to decline.

      Organizational challenges associated with our size
      Our culture, standards, core values, internal controls and our policies need to be instilled across newly acquired businesses
      as well as maintained within our existing operations. To effectively communicate and manage these standards throughout a
      large global organization is both challenging and time consuming. Newly acquired businesses may be resistant to change
      and may remain attached to past methods, standards and practices which may compromise our business agility in pursuing
      opportunities. Cultural differences in various countries may also present barriers to introducing new ideas or aligning our vision
      and strategy with the rest of the organization. If we cannot overcome these obstacles in maintaining a strategic bond throughout
      the Company worldwide, we may not be able to achieve our growth and profitability objectives.




CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                       Page   53




                                                                                                                                         53
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      Taxes and tax credit programs
      In estimating our income tax payable, management uses accounting principles to determine income tax positions that are
      likely to be sustained by applicable tax authorities. However, there is no assurance that our tax benefits or tax liability will not
      materially differ from our estimates or expectations. The tax legislation, regulation and interpretation that apply to our operations
      are continually changing. In addition, future tax benefits and liabilities are dependent on factors that are inherently uncertain
      and subject to change, including future earnings, future tax rates, and anticipated business mix in the various jurisdictions in
      which we operate. Moreover, our tax returns are continually subject to review by applicable tax authorities. These tax authorities
      determine the actual amounts of taxes payable or receivable, of any future tax benefits or liabilities and of income tax expense
      that we may ultimately recognize. Such determinations may become final and binding on the Company. Any of the above
      factors could have a material adverse effect on our net income or cash flow by affecting our operations and profitability, the
      availability of tax credits, the cost of the services we provide, and the availability of deductions for operating losses as we
      develop our international service delivery capabilities.

      Benefits obtained from government sponsored programs

      We benefit from government sponsored programs designed to support research and development, labour and economic
      growth in jurisdictions where we operate. Government programs reflect government policy and depend on various political
      and economic factors. There can be no assurance that such government programs will continue to be available to the Company
      in the future, or will not be reduced, amended or eliminated. Any future government program reductions or eliminations or
      other amendments to the tax credit programs could increase operating or capital expenditures incurred by the Company and
      have a material adverse effect on its net earnings or cash flow.

      Credit risk with respect to accounts receivable and work in progress
      In order to sustain our net earnings and cash flow from operations, we must invoice and collect the amounts owed to us in an
      efficient and timely manner. Although we maintain provisions to account for anticipated shortfalls in amounts collected from
      clients, the provisions we take are based on management estimates and on our assessment of our clients’ creditworthiness
      which may prove to be inadequate in the light of actual results. To the extent that we fail to perform our services in accordance
      with our contracts and our clients’ reasonable expectations, and to the extent that we fail to invoice clients and to collect the
      amounts owed to the Company for our services correctly in a timely manner, our collections could suffer, which could materially
      adversely affect our revenue, net earnings and cash flow. In addition, a prolonged economic downturn may cause clients to
      curtail or defer projects, impair their ability to pay for services already provided, and ultimately cause them to default on existing
      contracts, in each case, causing a shortfall in revenue and impairing our future prospects.

      Material developments regarding major commercial clients resulting from such causes as changes in financial condition,
      mergers or business acquisitions
      Consolidation among our clients resulting from mergers and acquisitions may result in loss or reduction of business when the
      successor business’ IT needs are served by another service provider or are provided by the successor company’s own
      personnel. Growth in a client’s IT needs resulting from acquisitions or operations may mean that we no longer have a sufficient
      geographic scope or the critical mass to serve the client’s needs efficiently, resulting in the loss of the client’s business and
      impairing our future prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the objectives of our growth strategy
      in order to maintain and increase our geographic scope and critical mass in our targeted markets.

      Early termination risk
      If we should fail to deliver our services according to contractual agreements, some of our clients could elect to terminate
      contracts before their agreed expiry date, which would result in a reduction of our earnings and cash flow and may impact the
      value of our backlog or orders. In addition, a number of our outsourcing contractual agreements have termination for
      convenience and change of control clauses according to which a change in the client’s intentions or a change in control of
      CGI could lead to a termination of these agreements. Early contract termination can also result from the exercise of a legal
      right or when circumstances that are beyond our control or beyond the control of our client prevent the contract from continuing.
      In cases of early termination, we may not be able to recover capitalized contract costs and we may not be able to eliminate
      ongoing costs incurred to support the contract.



CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                       Page   54




       54
                                                                                                                   FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      Cost estimation risks
      In order to generate acceptable margins, our pricing for services is dependent on our ability to accurately estimate the costs
      and timing for completing projects or long-term outsourcing contracts, which can be based on a client's bid specification,
      sometimes in advance of the final determination of the full scope and design of the contract. In addition, a significant portion
      of our project-oriented contracts are performed on a fixed-price basis. Billing for fixed-price engagements is carried out in
      accordance with the contract terms agreed upon with our client, and revenue is recognized based on the percentage of effort
      incurred to date in relation to the total estimated efforts to be incurred over the duration of the respective contract. These
      estimates reflect our best judgement regarding the efficiencies of our methodologies and professionals as we plan to apply
      them to the contracts in accordance with the CGI Client Partnership Management Framework (CPMF), a framework that
      contains high standards of contract management to be applied throughout the Company. If we fail to apply the CPMF correctly
      or if we are unsuccessful in accurately estimating the time or resources required to fulfill our obligations under a contract, or
      if unexpected factors, including those outside of our control, arise, there may be an impact on costs or the delivery schedule
      which could have a material adverse effect on our expected net earnings.

      Risks related to teaming agreements and subcontracts
      We derive revenue from contracts where we enter into teaming agreements with other providers. In some teaming agreements
      we are the prime contractor whereas in others we act as a subcontractor. In both cases, we rely on our relationships with other
      providers to generate business and we expect to do so in the foreseeable future. Where we act as prime contractor, if we fail
      to maintain our relationships with other providers, we may have difficulty attracting suitable participants in our teaming
      agreements. Similarly, where we act as subcontractor, if our relationships are impaired, other providers might reduce the work
      they award to us, award that work to our competitors, or choose to offer the services directly to the client in order to compete
      with our business. In either case, if we fail to maintain our relationship with these providers or if our relationship with these
      providers is otherwise impaired, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely
      affected.

      Our partners’ ability to deliver on their commitments
      Increasingly large and complex contracts may require that we rely on third party subcontractors including software and hardware
      vendors to help us fulfill our commitments. Under such circumstances, our success depends on the ability of the third parties
      to perform their obligations within agreed upon budgets and timeframes. If our partners fail to deliver, our ability to complete
      the contract may be adversely affected, which could have an unfavourable impact on our profitability.

      Guarantees risk
      In the normal course of business, we enter into agreements that may provide for indemnification and guarantees to
      counterparties in transactions such as consulting and outsourcing services, business divestitures, lease agreements and
      financial obligations. These indemnification undertakings and guarantees may require us to compensate counterparties for
      costs and losses incurred as a result of various events, including breaches of representations and warranties, intellectual
      property right infringement, claims that may arise while providing services or as a result of litigation that may be suffered by
      counterparties.

      Risk related to human resources utilization rates
      In order to maintain our net earnings, it is important that we maintain the appropriate availability of professional resources in
      each of our geographies by having a high utilization rate while still being able to assign additional resources to new work.
      Maintaining an efficient utilization rate requires us to forecast our need for professional resources accurately and to manage
      recruitment activities, professional training programs, attrition rates and restructuring programs appropriately. To the extent
      that we fail to do so, or to the extent that laws and regulations, restrict our ability to do so, our utilization rates may be reduced;
      thereby having an impact on our revenue and profitability. Conversely, we may find that we do not have sufficient resources
      to deploy against new business opportunities in which case our ability to grow our revenue would suffer.

      Client concentration risk
      We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the services we provide to various U.S. federal government departments
      and agencies. We expect that this will continue for the foreseeable future. There can be, however, no assurance that each


CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                        Page   55




                                                                                                                                          55
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      such U.S. federal government and agency will continue to utilize our services to the same extent, or at all in the future. In the
      event that a major U.S. federal government department or agency were to limit, reduce, or eliminate the business it awards
      to us, we might be unable to recover the lost revenue with work from other U.S. federal government departments or agencies
      or other clients, and our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely
      affected. Although IFRS considers a national government and its agencies as a single client, our client base in the U.S.
      government economic sector is in fact diversified with contracts from many different departments and agencies.

      Government business risk
      Changes in government spending policies or budget priorities could directly affect our financial performance. Among the factors
      that could harm our government contracting business are: the curtailment of governments’ use of consulting and IT services
      firms; a significant decline in spending by governments in general, or by specific departments or agencies in particular; the
      adoption of new legislation and/or actions affecting companies that provide services to governments; delays in the payment
      of our invoices by government; and general economic and political conditions. These or other factors could cause government
      agencies and departments to reduce their purchases under contracts, to exercise their right to terminate contracts, to issue
      temporary stop work orders, or not to exercise options to renew contracts, any of which would cause us to lose future revenue.
      Government spending reductions or budget cutbacks at these departments or agencies could materially harm our continued
      performance under these contracts, or limit the awarding of additional contracts from these agencies.

      Regulatory risk
      Our global operations require us to be compliant with laws in many jurisdictions on matters such as: anti-corruption, trade
      restrictions, immigration, taxation, securities regulation, antitrust, data privacy and labour relations, amongst others. Complying
      with these diverse requirements worldwide is a challenge and consumes significant resources. Some of these laws may
      impose conflicting requirements; we may face the absence in some jurisdictions of effective laws to protect our intellectual
      property rights; there may be restrictions on the movement of cash and other assets; or restrictions on the import and export
      of certain technologies; or restrictions on the repatriation of earnings and reduce our earnings, all of which may expose us to
      penalties for non-compliance and harm our reputation.

      Our business with the U.S. federal government and its agencies requires that we comply with complex laws and regulations
      relating to government contracts. These laws relate to the integrity of the procurement process, impose disclosure requirements,
      and address national security concerns, among other matters. For instance, we are routinely subject to audits by U.S.
      government agencies with respect to compliance with these rules. If we fail to comply with these requirements we may incur
      penalties and sanctions, including contract termination, suspension of payments, suspension or debarment from doing business
      with the federal government, and fines.

      Legal claims made against our work
      We create, implement and maintain IT solutions that are often critical to the operations of our clients’ business. Our ability to
      complete large projects as expected could be adversely affected by unanticipated delays, renegotiations, and changing client
      requirements or project delays. Also, our solutions may suffer from defects that adversely affect their performance; they may
      not meet our clients’ requirements or may fail to perform in accordance with applicable service levels. Such problems could
      subject us to legal liability, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, and
      may negatively affect our professional reputation. We typically use reasonable efforts to include provisions in our contracts
      which are designed to limit our exposure to legal claims relating to our services and the applications we develop. We may not
      always be able to include such provisions and, where we are successful, they may not protect us adequately or may not be
      enforceable under some circumstances or under the laws of some jurisdictions.

      Data protection and infrastructure risks
      Our business often requires that our clients’ applications and information, which may include their proprietary information and
      personal information they manage, be processed and stored on our networks and systems, and in data centers that we
      manage. We also process and store proprietary information relating to our business, and personal information relating to our
      members. The Company faces risk inherent in protecting the security of such personal data. Digital information and equipment
      are subject to loss, theft or destruction, and services that we provide may become temporarily unavailable as a result of those



CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                    Page   56




       56
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




      risks, or upon an equipment or system malfunction. The causes of such failures include human error in the course of normal
      operations (including from advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions by our members), maintenance and upgrading activities,
      as well as hacking, vandalism (including denial of service attacks and computer viruses), theft, and unauthorized access, as
      well as power outages or surges, floods, fires, natural disasters and many other causes. The measures that we take to protect
      against all information infrastructure risks, including both physical and logical controls on access to premises and information
      may prove in some circumstances to be inadequate to prevent the improper disclosure, loss, theft, misappropriation of,
      unauthorized access to, or destruction of client information, or service interruptions. Such events may expose the Company
      to financial loss arising from the costs of remediation and those arising from litigation (including under the laws that protect
      the privacy of personal information), claims and damages, as well as expose the Company to government sanctions and
      damage to our brand and reputation.

      Security and cybersecurity risks
      In the current environment, there are numerous and evolving security risks, especially from cybersecurity threats, including
      criminal hackers, hacktivists, state sponsored organizations, industrial espionage, employee misconduct, and human or
      technological error. Our business could be negatively impacted by these physical and cybersecurity threats, which could affect
      our future sales and financial position or increase our costs and expenses. These security risks to the Company, which are
      managed by the Company's Chief Security Officer, include potential attacks not only of our own products, services and systems,
      but also those of our clients, contractors, business partners, vendors and other third parties. We seek to detect and investigate
      all security incidents and to prevent their occurrence or recurrence, by investing in data privacy controls, threat protections,
      detection and mitigation policies, procedures and controls, and working with industry and government against cybersecurity
      threats. However, because of the evolving nature and sophistication of these security threats, there can be no assurance that
      we can detect or prevent all of these threats. As the cybersecurity landscape evolves, the Company may also find it necessary
      to make further significant investments to protect data and infrastructure. Occurrence of any of these aforementioned security
      threats could expose the Company, our clients or other third parties to potential liability, litigation, and regulatory action, as
      well as the loss of client confidence, loss of existing or potential clients, loss of sensitive government contracts, damage to
      brand and reputation, and other financial loss.

      Risk of harm to our reputation
      CGI’s reputation as a capable and trustworthy service provider and long-term business partner is key to our ability to compete
      effectively in the market for IT services. The nature of our operations exposes us to the potential loss, unauthorized access
      to, or destruction of our clients’ information, as well as temporary service interruptions. Depending on the nature of the
      information or services, such events may have a negative impact on how the Company is perceived in the marketplace. Under
      such circumstances, our ability to obtain new clients and retain existing clients could suffer with a resulting impact on our
      revenue and net earnings.

      Risks associated with the integration of new operations
      The successful integration of new operations arising from our acquisition strategy or from large outsourcing contracts requires
      that a substantial amount of management time and attention be focused on integration tasks. Management time that is devoted
      to integration activities may detract from management’s normal operations focus with resulting pressure on the revenues and
      earnings from our existing operations. In addition, we may face complex and potentially time-consuming challenges in
      implementing the uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies across new operations when harmonizing their activities
      with those of our existing business units. Integration activities can result in unanticipated operational problems, expenses and
      liabilities. If we are not successful in executing our integration strategies in a timely and cost-effective manner, we will have
      difficulty achieving our growth and profitability objectives.

      Internal controls risks
      Due to the inherent limitations of internal controls including the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud, there can only
      be reasonable assurance that the Company’s internal controls will detect and prevent a misstatement. If the Company is
      unable to design, implement, monitor and maintain effective internal controls throughout its different business environments,
      the efficiency of our operations might suffer, resulting in a decline in revenue and profitability, and the accuracy of our financial
      reporting could be impaired.

CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                      Page   57




                                                                                                                                        57
      Management's Discussion and Analysis




      Liquidity and funding risks
      The Company’s future growth is contingent on the execution of its business strategy, which, in turn, is dependent on its ability
      to grow the business organically as well as through business acquisitions. In the event we would need to raise additional funds
      through equity or debt financing to fund any currently unidentified or unplanned future acquisitions and other growth
      opportunities, there can be no assurance that such financing will be available in amounts and on terms acceptable to us. Our
      ability to raise the required funding depends on the capacity of the capital markets to meet our equity and/or debt financing
      needs in a timely fashion and on the basis of interest rates and/or share prices that are reasonable in the context of our
      commercial objectives. Increasing interest rates, volatility in our share price, and the capacity of our current lenders to meet
      our additional liquidity requirements are all factors that may have a material adverse effect on any acquisitions or growth
      activities that we may, in the future, identify or plan. If we are unable to obtain the necessary funding, we may be unable to
      achieve our growth objectives.

      Foreign exchange risk
      The majority of our revenue and costs are denominated in currencies other than the Canadian dollar. Foreign exchange
      fluctuations impact the results of our operations as they are reported in Canadian dollars. This risk is partially mitigated by a
      natural hedge in matching our costs with revenue denominated in the same currency and through the use of derivatives in
      our global hedging strategy. However, as we continue our global expansion, natural hedges may begin to diminish and the
      use of hedging contracts exposes us to the risk that financial institutions could fail to perform their obligations under our
      hedging instruments. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our hedging strategy and arrangements will offset the
      impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could materially adversely affect our business revenues, results of
      operations, financial condition or prospects. Other than the use of financial products to deliver on our hedging strategy, we
      do not trade derivative financial instruments.

      Our functional and reporting currency is the Canadian dollar. As such, our U.S., European and Asian investments, operations
      and assets are exposed to net change in currency exchange rates. Volatility in exchange rates could have an adverse effect
      on our business, financial condition and results of our operations.

      10.2. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

      The Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of its business.
      Certain of these matters seek damages in significant amounts. Although the outcome of such matters is not predictable with
      assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the disposition of any such current matter could reasonably be expected
      to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or the ability to carry on any of its
      business activities.




      Transfer Agent
      Computershare Investor Services Inc.
      (800) 564-6253

      Investor Relations
      Lorne Gorber
      Executive Vice-President, Global Communications & Investor Relations
      Telephone: (514) 841-3355
      lorne.gorber@cgi.com

      1350 René-Lévesque Boulevard West
      25th Floor
      Montreal, Quebec
      H3G 1T4
      Canada
CGI Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017                                   Page   58




      58 Group Inc. - Management's Discussion and Analysis for the year ended September 30, 2017
      CGI                                                                                                                            Page   59
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




Management’s and Auditors’ Reports

MANAGEMENT’S STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING
The management of CGI Group Inc. (the Company) is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial
statements and the Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards and necessarily include some amounts that are based on
management’s best estimates and judgement. Financial and operating data elsewhere in the MD&A are consistent with that
contained in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
To fulfill its responsibility, management has developed, and continues to maintain, systems of internal controls reinforced by the
Company’s standards of conduct and ethics, as set out in written policies to ensure the reliability of the financial information and
to safeguard its assets. The Company’s internal control over financial reporting and consolidated financial statements are subject
to audit by the independent auditors, Ernst & Young LLP, whose reports follow. They were appointed as independent auditors,
by a vote of the Company’s shareholders, to conduct an integrated audit of the Company’s consolidated financial statements and
of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. In addition, the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board
of Directors reviews the disclosure of financial information and oversees the functioning of the Company’s financial disclosure
controls and procedures.
Members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors, all of whom are independent of the Company,
meet regularly with the independent auditors and with management to discuss internal controls in the financial reporting process,
auditing matters and financial reporting issues and formulate the appropriate recommendations to the Board of Directors. The
independent auditors have unrestricted access to the Audit and Risk Management Committee. The consolidated financial
statements and MD&A have been reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors.




George D. Schindler                           François Boulanger
President and Chief Executive Officer         Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
November 7, 2017




                                                                                                                                59
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                1
Consolidated financial statements




Management’s and Auditors’ Reports

MANAGEMENT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board.
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that:

     - Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions
     of the assets of the Company;

     - Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial
     statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
     Board, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the
     directors of the Company; and,

     - Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of
     the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
All internal control systems have inherent limitations; therefore, even where internal control over financial reporting is determined
to be effective, it can provide only reasonable assurance. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
As of the end of the Company’s 2017 fiscal year, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO framework). Based on this assessment,
management has determined the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2017 was effective.
The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at September 30, 2017 has been audited by the
Company’s independent auditors, as stated in their report appearing on page 3. 61.




George D. Schindler                           François Boulanger
President and Chief Executive Officer         Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer
November 7, 2017




60
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                 2
                                                                                                            FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




Management’s and Auditors’ Reports

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON INTERNAL
CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CGI Group Inc.
We have audited CGI Group Inc.’s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2017, based on
criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (2013 COSO framework) (the COSO criteria). The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain
to the maintenance of records, that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the
company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September
30, 2017 based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as at and for the
year ended September 30, 2017, and our report dated November 7, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.




Ernst & Young LLP


Montréal, Canada
November 7, 2017

1. CPA auditor, CA, public accountancy permit No. A113209




                                                                                                                                 61
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                 3
Consolidated financial statements




Management’s and Auditors’ Reports

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of CGI Group Inc.
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of CGI Group Inc. (the Company), which comprise the
consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2017 and 2016 and the consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive
income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, and a summary of significant
accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Management's responsibility for the consolidated financial statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance
with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, and for such internal
control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditors’ responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our
audits in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards and the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement.
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditors’ judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the
auditors consider internal control relevant to the entity's preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, evaluating the appropriateness of
accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained in our audits is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
opinion.
Opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of CGI Group
Inc. as at September 30, 2017 and 2016, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years ended September 30,
2017 and 2016, in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board.
Other matter
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
CGI Group Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2017, based on the criteria established in Internal
Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013
COSO framework) and our report dated November 7, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting.




Ernst & Young LLP


Montréal, Canada
November 7, 2017

1. CPA auditor, CA, public accountancy permit No. A113209




62
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                  4
                                                                                                                           FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




Consolidated
 ConsolidatedStatements
              StatementsofofEarnings
                             Earnings
ForFor
     the the
          years
             years
                ended
                   ended
                       September
                         September30 30
(in (in
    thousands
        thousands
                of of
                   Canadian
                      Canadian
                            dollars,
                               dollars,
                                     except
                                        except
                                            perper
                                                share
                                                   share
                                                      data)
                                                         data)


                                                                                                                20172017               20162016
                                                                                                                   $   $                  $     $
     Revenue
        Revenue                                                                                            10,845,066
                                                                                                              10,845,066          10,683,264
                                                                                                                                     10,683,264
     Operating
        Operating
               expenses
                   expenses
      Costs
          Costs
             of of
                services,
                    services,
                           selling
                                selling
                                    andand
                                         administrative
                                            administrative
                                                        (Note
                                                            (Note
                                                              22) 22)                                       9,257,659
                                                                                                               9,257,659           9,120,929
                                                                                                                                      9,120,929
      Acquisition-related
          Acquisition-related
                            andand
                                 integration
                                      integration
                                              costs
                                                  costs
                                                    (Note
                                                        (Note
                                                          26b)26b)                                             10,306
                                                                                                                  10,306                  — —
      Restructuring
          Restructuring
                     costs
                         costs
                             (Note
                                 (Note
                                    24) 24)                                                                    88,628
                                                                                                                  88,628              29,100
                                                                                                                                         29,100
      Net Net
          finance
              finance
                   costs
                       costs
                          (Note(Note
                                 25) 25)                                                                       69,792
                                                                                                                  69,792              78,426
                                                                                                                                         78,426
      Foreign
          Foreign
               exchange
                   exchangelossloss                                                                               784784               2,024
                                                                                                                                          2,024
                                                                                                            9,427,169
                                                                                                               9,427,169           9,230,479
                                                                                                                                      9,230,479
     Earnings
         Earnings
               before
                   before
                      income
                          income
                               taxes
                                   taxes                                                                    1,417,897
                                                                                                               1,417,897           1,452,785
                                                                                                                                      1,452,785
     Income
         Income
             tax tax
                 expense
                     expense
                           (Note
                               (Note
                                 15) 15)                                                                      382,702
                                                                                                                 382,702             384,069
                                                                                                                                        384,069
     NetNet
          earnings
             earnings                                                                                       1,035,195
                                                                                                               1,035,195           1,068,716
                                                                                                                                      1,068,716
     Earnings
         Earnings
                per per
                    share
                        share
                           (Note
                               (Note
                                 20) 20)
     Basic
        Basic
           earnings
              earnings
                    per per
                        share
                            share                                                                               3.483.48               3.513.51
         Diluted
     Diluted earnings
                 earnings
                      per per
                          share
                              share                                                                             3.413.41               3.423.42

    See See
        Notes
            Notes
              to the
                   to the
                     Consolidated
                          Consolidated
                                   Financial
                                       Financial
                                             Statements.
                                                 Statements.




                                                                                                                                               63
CGI CGI
    Group
        Group
          Inc. –
               Inc. –
                 Consolidated
                      Consolidated
                               Financial
                                   Financial
                                         Statements
                                             Statements  for the
                                                    for the yearsyears
                                                                   ended
                                                                       ended
                                                                         September
                                                                             September
                                                                                   30, 30,
                                                                                       20172017
                                                                                            and and
                                                                                                20162016                                   5    5
Consolidated financial statements




Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                                  2017         2016
                                                                                                                     $            $
 Net earnings                                                                                                1,035,195    1,068,716
 Items that will be reclassified subsequently to net earnings (net of income taxes):
   Net unrealized losses on translating financial statements of foreign operations                            (141,465)    (274,283)
   Net gains on derivative financial instruments and on translating long-term debt designated as hedges of
    net investments in foreign operations                                                                      13,109       18,446
   Net unrealized losses on cash flow hedges                                                                   (12,261)     (18,297)
   Net unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale investments                                              (3,509)         229
 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings (net of income taxes):
   Net remeasurement losses on defined benefit plans                                                              (611)     (20,193)
 Other comprehensive loss                                                                                     (144,737)    (294,098)
 Comprehensive income                                                                                          890,458      774,618


See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




64
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                6
                                                                                                                      FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




Consolidated Balance Sheets
As at September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                           2017                      2016
                                                                                                                  $                    $
 Assets
 Current assets
    Cash and cash equivalents (Notes 27d and 31)                                                        165,872                   596,529
    Accounts receivable (Note 4)                                                                      1,285,880                 1,101,606
    Work in progress                                                                                    922,620                   935,496
    Current derivative financial instruments (Note 31)                                                    8,152                    22,226
    Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                           160,402                   170,393
     Income taxes                                                                                         6,541                     7,876
 Total current assets before funds held for clients                                                   2,549,467                 2,834,126
     Funds held for clients (Note 5)                                                                    313,552                   369,530
 Total current assets                                                                                 2,863,019                 3,203,656
 Property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                                                                 396,613                   439,293
 Contract costs (Note 7)                                                                                243,056                   211,018
 Intangible assets (Note 8)                                                                             490,426                   509,781
 Other long-term assets (Note 9)                                                                         85,159                    86,970
 Long-term financial assets (Note 10)                                                                   111,307                   129,383
 Deferred tax assets (Note 15)                                                                          146,602                   179,898
 Goodwill (Note 11)                                                                                   7,060,030                 6,933,333
                                                                                                     11,396,212                11,693,332


 Liabilities
 Current liabilities
    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                          1,004,307                 1,107,863
    Accrued compensation                                                                                578,886                   523,553
    Current derivative financial instruments (Note 31)                                                   12,069                     4,517
    Deferred revenue                                                                                    409,332                   390,367
    Income taxes                                                                                        174,102                   159,410
    Provisions (Note 12)                                                                                 86,154                    34,924
    Current portion of long-term debt (Note 13)                                                         122,467                   192,036
 Total current liabilities before clients’ funds obligations                                          2,387,317                 2,412,670
    Clients’ funds obligations                                                                          314,233                   365,994
 Total current liabilities                                                                            2,701,550                 2,778,664
 Long-term provisions (Note 12)                                                                          40,892                    40,454
 Long-term debt (Note 13)                                                                             1,739,536                 1,718,939
 Other long-term liabilities (Note 14)                                                                  213,436                   244,307
 Long-term derivative financial instruments (Note 31)                                                    82,365                    46,473
 Deferred tax liabilities (Note 15)                                                                     213,515                   183,579
 Retirement benefits obligations (Note 16)                                                              202,292                   216,308
                                                                                                      5,193,586                 5,228,724
 Equity
 Retained earnings                                                                                    3,794,439                 3,778,848
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (Note 17)                                                       159,391                   304,128
 Capital stock (Note 18)                                                                              2,054,725                 2,194,731
 Contributed surplus                                                                                    194,071                   186,901
                                                                                                      6,202,626                 6,464,608
                                                                                                     11,396,212                11,693,332

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Approved by the Board



                                                                             George D. Schindler       Serge Godin
                                                                             Director                  Director

                                                                                                                                      65
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                      7
Consolidated financial statements




Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                                                                                           Accumulated
                                                                                                 other
                                                                             Retained    comprehensive        Capital   Contributed        Total
                                                                             earnings          income          stock       surplus        equity
                                                                                     $                $            $             $             $
 Balance as at September 30, 2016                                           3,778,848           304,128    2,194,731       186,901    6,464,608

 Net earnings                                                               1,035,195                —            —             —     1,035,195
 Other comprehensive loss                                                           —          (144,737)          —             —      (144,737)
 Comprehensive income                                                       1,035,195          (144,737)          —             —       890,458
 Share-based payment costs                                                         —                 —            —         34,443       34,443
 Income tax impact associated with stock options                                   —                 —            —          5,961        5,961
 Exercise of stock options (Note 18)                                               —                 —        60,943       (11,169)       49,774
 Exercise of performance share units (PSUs) (Note 18)                              —                 —        23,666       (23,666)           —
 Purchase of Class A subordinate shares for cancellation (Note 18)         (1,019,604)               —      (227,060)           —     (1,246,664)
 Resale of Class A subordinate shares held in trust (Note 18)                      —                 —         2,445         1,601         4,046
 Balance as at September 30, 2017                                           3,794,439           159,391    2,054,725       194,071     6,202,626




                                                                                            Accumulated
                                                                                                  other
                                                                              Retained    comprehensive       Capital   Contributed         Total
                                                                              earnings          income         stock       surplus         equity
                                                                                     $                $            $             $             $
 Balance as at September 30, 2015                                           3,057,578           598,226    2,254,245       172,120    6,082,169

 Net earnings                                                               1,068,716                —            —             —     1,068,716
 Other comprehensive loss                                                          —           (294,098)          —             —      (294,098)
 Comprehensive income                                                       1,068,716          (294,098)          —             —       774,618
 Share-based payment costs                                                         —                 —            —         38,299       38,299
 Income tax impact associated with stock options                                   —                 —            —         19,704       19,704
 Exercise of stock options (Note 18)                                               —                 —       111,405       (21,972)      89,433
 Exercise of PSUs (Note 18)                                                        —                 —        21,250       (21,250)          —
 Purchase of Class A subordinate shares for cancellation (Note 18)           (347,446)               —      (170,374)           —      (517,820)
 Purchase of Class A subordinate shares held in trust (Note 18)                    —                 —       (21,795)           —       (21,795)
 Balance as at September 30, 2016                                           3,778,848           304,128    2,194,731       186,901    6,464,608

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




66
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                              8
                                                                                                           FISCAL 2017 RESULTS




Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
For the years ended September 30
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                           2017           2016
                                                                                                              $              $
 Operating activities
 Net earnings                                                                                        1,035,195       1,068,716
 Adjustments for:
  Amortization and depreciation (Note 23)                                                              377,204         400,060
  Deferred income tax expense (Note 15)                                                                 60,897          96,490
  Foreign exchange gain                                                                                 (3,102)         (2,618)
  Share-based payment costs                                                                             34,443          38,299
 Net change in non-cash working capital items (Note 27a)                                              (146,085)       (267,873)
 Cash provided by operating activities                                                               1,358,552       1,333,074


 Investing activities
 Business acquisitions (net of cash acquired) (Note 26a)                                              (283,061)        (38,442)
 Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                            (112,667)       (165,516)
 Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                     3,317          10,254
 Additions to contract costs                                                                           (95,676)       (103,156)
 Additions to intangible assets                                                                       (106,267)       (100,963)
 Purchase of long-term investments                                                                      (5,150)        (14,701)
 Proceeds from sale of long-term investments                                                             7,248          29,629
 Payments received from long-term receivables                                                               —              164
 Cash used in investing activities                                                                    (592,256)       (382,731)


 Financing activities
 Net change in unsecured committed revolving credit facility (Note 13)                                  200,000             —
 Increase of long-term debt                                                                              18,921         40,508
 Repayment of long-term debt                                                                           (199,841)      (223,159)
 Repayment of debt assumed in business acquisitions                                                      (9,119)            —
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments (Note 31)                                                    —         (24,057)
 Purchase of Class A subordinate shares held in trust (Note 18)                                              —         (21,795)
 Resale of Class A subordinate shares held in trust (Note 18)                                             4,046             —
 Purchase and cancellation of Class A subordinate shares (Note 18)                                   (1,246,664)      (527,286)
 Issuance of Class A subordinate shares                                                                  49,671         89,485
 Cash used in financing activities                                                                   (1,182,986)      (666,304)
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                   (13,967)         7,228
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                  (430,657)       291,267
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                           596,529        305,262
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                 165,872        596,529

Supplementary cash flow information (Note 27).

See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                                                                                                           67
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                           9
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


1.      Description of business
CGI
1. Group    Inc. (the Company),
       Description               directly or through its subsidiaries, manages information technology (IT) services as well as
                          of business
business process services (BPS) to help clients effectively realize their strategies and create added value. The Company’s services
include the management of IT and business functions (outsourcing), systems integration and consulting, as well as the sale of
CGI Group Inc. (the Company), directly or through its subsidiaries, manages information technology (IT) services as well as
software solutions. The Company was incorporated under Part IA of the Companies Act (Québec) predecessor to the Business
business process services (BPS) to help clients effectively realize their strategies and create added value. The Company’s services
Corporations Act (Québec) which came into force on February 14, 2011 and its shares are publicly traded. The executive and
include the management of IT and business functions (outsourcing), systems integration and consulting, as well as the sale of
registered office of the Company is situated at 1350 René-Lévesque Blvd. West, Montréal, Québec, Canada, H3G 1T4.
software solutions. The Company was incorporated under Part IA of the Companies Act (Québec) predecessor to the Business
Corporations Act (Québec) which came into force on February 14, 2011 and its shares are publicly traded. The executive and
2.     Basis
registered officeof   preparation
                  of the Company is situated at 1350 René-Lévesque Blvd. West, Montréal, Québec, Canada, H3G 1T4.

These
2. Basisconsolidated  financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
                  of preparation
(IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The accounting policies were consistently applied to
all periods presented.
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
The
(IFRS)Company’s
         as issuedconsolidated  financialAccounting
                   by the International   statementsStandards
                                                     for the years ended
                                                               Board      September
                                                                      (IASB).       30, 2017policies
                                                                              The accounting and 2016  were
                                                                                                     were   authorizedapplied
                                                                                                          consistently for issue
                                                                                                                              to
by  the Board  of Directors
all periods presented.      on November    7, 2017.
The Company’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 were authorized for issue
3. the Board
by     Summary        of on
             of Directors significant   accounting policies
                             November 7, 2017.

BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
3. Summary      of significant accounting policies
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions
and balances
BASIS  OF    have  been eliminated on consolidation.
          CONSOLIDATION
The   consolidated
Subsidiaries          financial
                are entities    statements
                             controlled     include
                                        by the       the The
                                                Company.accounts of
                                                               Company the Company    and
                                                                            controls an    its when
                                                                                         entitysubsidiaries.
                                                                                                      it is All intercompany
                                                                                                           exposed or          transactions
                                                                                                                       has right to variable
and   balances
returns   from itshave  been
                   involvementeliminated
                                 with the on consolidation.
                                          entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the relevant activities
of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition and continue to be consolidated until the date control
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. The Company controls an entity when it is exposed or has right to variable
over the subsidiaries ceases.
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the relevant activities
of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition and continue to be consolidated until the date control
BASIS
over theOF    MEASUREMENT
            subsidiaries  ceases.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets and
liabilities,
BASIS     OFwhich have
              MEASUREMENT been measured at fair value as described below.
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets and
USE    OF JUDGEMENTS
liabilities, which have been    AND   ESTIMATES
                                  measured     at fair value as described below.
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements and estimates that affect
the
USEreported       amounts of AND
       OF JUDGEMENTS            assets, liabilities, equity and the accompanying disclosures at the date of the consolidated financial
                                      ESTIMATES
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Because the use of judgements and
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make judgements and estimates that affect
estimates is inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ.
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, equity and the accompanying disclosures at the date of the consolidated financial
statements      and the reported
Significant judgements              amountsabout
                             and estimates    of revenue    and and
                                                     the future expenses   duringsources
                                                                     other major  the reporting  period.uncertainty
                                                                                          of estimation  Because theat use of judgements
                                                                                                                       the end              and
                                                                                                                                of the reporting
estimates     is inherent in  the financial  reporting   process, actual results could differ.
period could have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the following within the next
financial year: deferred tax assets, revenue recognition, estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts, goodwill impairment,
Significant judgements and estimates about the future and other major sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting
business combinations, provisions for income tax uncertainties and litigation and claims.
period could have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the following within the next
financial
The        year: deferred
      judgements,     apart tax
                             fromassets,
                                    those revenue
                                          involvingrecognition,   estimated
                                                       estimations, that     losses
                                                                         have the   on significant
                                                                                   most revenue-generating   contracts,
                                                                                                    effect on the amountsgoodwill   impairment,
                                                                                                                            recognized    in the
business
consolidated combinations,     provisionsare:
                  financial statements     for income tax uncertainties and litigation and claims.
The  judgements,
Revenue           apart of
          recognition   fromultiple
                              those involving
                                     componentestimations, that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the
                                                  arrangements
consolidated financial statements are:
Assessing whether the deliverables within an arrangement are separately identifiable components requires judgement by
Revenue   recognition
management.             of multiple
                A component          component
                               is considered      arrangements
                                              as separately  identifiable if it has value to the client on a stand-alone basis. The
Company first reviews the contract clauses to evaluate if the deliverable is accepted separately by the client. Then, the Company
Assessing whether the deliverables within an arrangement are separately identifiable components requires judgement by
assesses if the deliverable could have been provided by another vendor and if it would have been possible for the client to decide
management. A component is considered as separately identifiable if it has value to the client on a stand-alone basis. The
to not purchase the deliverable.
Company first reviews the contract clauses to evaluate if the deliverable is accepted separately by the client. Then, the Company
assesses if the deliverable could have been provided by another vendor and if it would have been possible for the client to decide
to not purchase the deliverable.



68
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                           10
                                                                                                                         FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
USE
3. OFSummary
      JUDGEMENTS
              of AND ESTIMATES
                 significant   (CONTINUED)policies (continued)
                             accounting
Deferred tax assets
USE OF JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against
Deferred    tax assets
which the losses    can be utilized. Management judgement is required concerning uncertainties that exist with respect to the timing
of future taxable income required to recognize a deferred tax asset. The Company recognizes an income tax benefit only when
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against
it is probable that the tax benefit will be realized in the future. In making this judgement, the Company assesses forecasts and
which the losses can be utilized. Management judgement is required concerning uncertainties that exist with respect to the timing
the availability of future tax planning strategies.
of future taxable income required to recognize a deferred tax asset. The Company recognizes an income tax benefit only when
itA is probable of
    description that the tax benefit
                   estimations         will beinrealized
                                 is included             in the future.
                                                  the respective        In making
                                                                  sections         thisNotes
                                                                           within the   judgement,  the Company Financial
                                                                                             to the Consolidated assessesStatements.
                                                                                                                           forecasts and
the availability of future tax planning strategies.
REVENUE
A description RECOGNITION,
                of estimations isWORK      IN PROGRESS
                                    included                  AND
                                              in the respective     DEFERRED
                                                                  sections within REVENUE
                                                                                  the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company generates revenue principally through the provision of IT services and BPS as described in Note 1.
REVENUE RECOGNITION, WORK IN PROGRESS AND DEFERRED REVENUE
The Company provides services and products under arrangements that contain various pricing mechanisms. The Company
The  Company
recognizes         generates
              revenue          revenue
                         when the          principally
                                     following          through
                                                criteria are met:the  provision
                                                                   there is clearof IT  services
                                                                                  evidence         and BPS
                                                                                              that an arrangement    exists,inthe
                                                                                                             as described       Note 1. of revenue
                                                                                                                                  amount
and related costs can be measured reliably, it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the Company, the stage of
The Company provides services and products under arrangements that contain various pricing mechanisms. The Company
completion can be measured reliably where services are delivered and the significant risks and rewards of ownership, including
recognizes revenue when the following criteria are met: there is clear evidence that an arrangement exists, the amount of revenue
effective control, are transferred to clients where products are sold. Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration
and related costs can be measured reliably, it is probable that future economic benefits will flow to the Company, the stage of
received or receivable net of discounts, volume rebates and sales related taxes.
completion can be measured reliably where services are delivered and the significant risks and rewards of ownership, including
effective
Some       control,
        of the       are transferred
                Company’s                to clients
                               arrangements       maywhere   products
                                                        include client are  sold. Revenue
                                                                       acceptance     clauses. is Each
                                                                                                  measured
                                                                                                       clauseat is
                                                                                                                the fair valuetoof the
                                                                                                                   analyzed            consideration
                                                                                                                                  determine whether
received
the        or receivable
    earnings     process isnet of   discounts,
                              complete            volume
                                           when the        rebates
                                                        service is and    sales related
                                                                    performed.   Formaltaxes.
                                                                                           client sign-off is not always necessary to recognize
revenue provided that the Company objectively demonstrates that the criteria specified in the acceptance provisions are satisfied.
Some of the Company’s arrangements may include client acceptance clauses. Each clause is analyzed to determine whether
Some of the criteria reviewed include historical experience with similar types of arrangements, whether the acceptance provisions
the earnings process is complete when the service is performed. Formal client sign-off is not always necessary to recognize
are specific to the client or are included in all arrangements, the length of the acceptance term and historical experience with the
revenue provided that the Company objectively demonstrates that the criteria specified in the acceptance provisions are satisfied.
specific client.
Some of the criteria reviewed include historical experience with similar types of arrangements, whether the acceptance provisions
are specific
Revenue        to the
            from      client
                   sales  of or  areparty
                             third    included   in allproducts,
                                           vendor's     arrangements,
                                                                  such asthe length
                                                                            softwareof the   acceptance
                                                                                       licenses,          term
                                                                                                   hardware   or and historical
                                                                                                                 services        experience
                                                                                                                           is recorded       with
                                                                                                                                         gross    the
                                                                                                                                               when
specific
the      client.is a principal to the transaction and is recorded net of costs when the Company is acting as an agent between the
    Company
client and vendor. Factors generally considered to determine whether the Company is a principal or an agent are if the Company
Revenue from sales of third party vendor's products, such as software licenses, hardware or services is recorded gross when
has the primary responsibility for providing the product or service, adds meaningful value to the vendor’s product or service, has
the Company is a principal to the transaction and is recorded net of costs when the Company is acting as an agent between the
discretion in supplier selection and assumes credit risks.
client and vendor. Factors generally considered to determine whether the Company is a principal or an agent are if the Company
has  the primary
Relative            responsibility for providing the product or service, adds meaningful value to the vendor’s product or service, has
           selling price
discretion in supplier selection and assumes credit risks.
The Company’s arrangements often include a mix of the services and products as described below. If an arrangement involves
Relative   selling
the provision        price components, the total arrangement value is allocated to each separately identifiable component based
                 of multiple
on its relative selling price. When estimating selling price of each component, the Company maximizes the use of observable
The Company’s arrangements often include a mix of the services and products as described below. If an arrangement involves
prices which are established using the Company’s prices for same or similar components. When observable prices are not
the provision of multiple components, the total arrangement value is allocated to each separately identifiable component based
available, the Company estimates selling prices based on its best estimate. The best estimate of selling price is the price at which
on its relative selling price. When estimating selling price of each component, the Company maximizes the use of observable
the Company would normally expect to offer the services or products and is established by considering a number of internal and
prices which are established using the Company’s prices for same or similar components. When observable prices are not
external factors including, but not limited to, geographies, the Company’s pricing policies, internal costs and margins. The
available, the Company estimates selling prices based on its best estimate. The best estimate of selling price is the price at which
appropriate revenue recognition method is applied for each separately identifiable component as described below.
the Company would normally expect to offer the services or products and is established by considering a number of internal and
external
Outsourcingfactors including, but not limited to, geographies, the Company’s pricing policies, internal costs and margins. The
appropriate revenue recognition method is applied for each separately identifiable component as described below.
Revenue from outsourcing and BPS arrangements is generally recognized as the services are provided at the contractually stated
Outsourcing
price, unless there is a better measure of performance or delivery.
Revenue from outsourcing and BPS arrangements is generally recognized as the services are provided at the contractually stated
price, unless there is a better measure of performance or delivery.




                                                                                                                                                69
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                11
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
REVENUE RECOGNITION,
3. Summary           WORK IN PROGRESS
              of significant          AND policies
                              accounting  DEFERRED(continued)
                                                   REVENUE (CONTINUED)
Systems integration and consulting services
REVENUE RECOGNITION, WORK IN PROGRESS AND DEFERRED REVENUE (CONTINUED)
Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under time and material arrangements is recognized as the services
Systems  integration
are rendered,        and consulting
              and revenue            services
                          under cost-based arrangements is recognized as reimbursable costs are incurred.
                 systems integration
Revenue from systems         integrationand
                                         andconsulting
                                               consultingservices
                                                              servicesunder
                                                                       under time     and material
                                                                              fixed-fee  arrangements  arrangements
                                                                                                            where the is  recognized
                                                                                                                        outcome  of theas the services
                                                                                                                                        arrangements
are  rendered,
can be  estimatedandreliably
                      revenue is under  cost-based
                                recognized   using the   arrangements    is recognized as
                                                           percentage-of-completion          reimbursable
                                                                                         method over           costs are
                                                                                                          the service      incurred.
                                                                                                                      period.  The Company primarily
uses labour costs or labour hours to measure the progress towards completion. This method relies on estimates of total expected
Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements where the outcome of the arrangements
labour costs or total expected labour hours to complete the service, which are compared to labour costs or labour hours incurred
can be estimated reliably is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over the service period. The Company primarily
to date, to arrive at an estimate of the percentage of revenue earned to date. Management regularly reviews underlying estimates
uses labour costs or labour hours to measure the progress towards completion. This method relies on estimates of total expected
of total expected labour costs or hours. If the outcome of an arrangement cannot be estimated reliably, revenue is recognized to
labour costs or total expected labour hours to complete the service, which are compared to labour costs or labour hours incurred
the extent of arrangement costs incurred if it is probable that such costs will be recoverable.
to date, to arrive at an estimate of the percentage of revenue earned to date. Management regularly reviews underlying estimates
of total from
Revenue  expected labour      costs or hours.
                 benefits-funded               If the is
                                     arrangements       outcome   of anonly to
                                                           recognized   arrangement      cannot
                                                                                 the extent that itbeis probable
                                                                                                       estimatedthat
                                                                                                                   reliably, revenue is
                                                                                                                       the benefit      recognized
                                                                                                                                   stream           to
                                                                                                                                           associated
the  extent of
with the       arrangement
          transaction           costs incurred
                        will generate   sufficientif it is probable
                                                     amounts         thathe
                                                                to fund   such
                                                                             valuecosts
                                                                                     onwill be revenue
                                                                                        which  recoverable. recognition is based.
Revenue
Softwarefrom    benefits-funded arrangements is recognized only to the extent that it is probable that the benefit stream associated
           licenses
with the transaction will generate sufficient amounts to fund the value on which revenue recognition is based.
Most of the Company’s software license arrangements include other services such as implementation, customization and
Software   licenses
maintenance.    For these types of arrangements, revenue from a software license is recognized upon delivery if it has been identified
as a separately identifiable component. Otherwise, it is combined with the implementation and customization services and is
Most of the Company’s software license arrangements include other services such as implementation, customization and
accounted for as described in Systems integration and consulting services section above. Revenue from maintenance services
maintenance. For these types of arrangements, revenue from a software license is recognized upon delivery if it has been identified
for software licenses sold and implemented is recognized ratably over the term of the maintenance period.
as a separately identifiable component. Otherwise, it is combined with the implementation and customization services and is
accounted
Work   in for   as and
          progress described  in Systems
                          deferred         integration and consulting services section above. Revenue from maintenance services
                                     revenue
for software licenses sold and implemented is recognized ratably over the term of the maintenance period.
Amounts recognized as revenue in excess of billings are classified as work in progress. Amounts received in advance of the
Work   in progress
performance           and or
               of servicesdeferred   revenue
                              delivery of products are classified as deferred revenue.
Amounts
Estimatedrecognized
            losses onas   revenue in excess of
                        revenue-generating       billings are classified as work in progress. Amounts received in advance of the
                                              contracts
performance of services or delivery of products are classified as deferred revenue.
Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts may occur due to additional costs which were not foreseen at inception of the
Estimated
contract.   losses on
          Contract      revenue-generating
                    losses are measured at thecontracts
                                                 amount by which the estimated total costs exceed the estimated total revenue
from the contract. The estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts are recognized in the period when it is determined that
Estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts may occur due to additional costs which were not foreseen at inception of the
a loss is probable. The expected loss is first applied to impair the related capitalized contract costs with the excess recorded in
contract. Contract losses are measured at the amount by which the estimated total costs exceed the estimated total revenue
accounts payable and accrued liabilities and in other long-term liabilities. Management regularly reviews arrangement profitability
from the contract. The estimated losses on revenue-generating contracts are recognized in the period when it is determined that
and the underlying estimates.
a loss is probable. The expected loss is first applied to impair the related capitalized contract costs with the excess recorded in
accounts payable and accrued liabilities and in other long-term liabilities. Management regularly reviews arrangement profitability
CASH
and theAND   CASH estimates.
         underlying  EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents consist of unrestricted cash and short-term investments having an initial maturity of three months or
less.
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents consist of unrestricted cash and short-term investments having an initial maturity of three months or
FUNDS
less.    HELD FOR CLIENTS AND CLIENTS’ FUNDS OBLIGATIONS
In connection with the Company’s payroll, tax filing and claims services, the Company collects funds for payment of payroll, taxes
and
FUNDSclaims,
         HELDtemporarily  holds such
                 FOR CLIENTS       AND funds until payment
                                          CLIENTS’    FUNDS is due, remits
                                                               OBLIGATIONS  the funds to the clients’ employees, appropriate tax authorities
or claims holders, files federal and local tax returns and handles related regulatory correspondence and amendments. The funds
In connection with the Company’s payroll, tax filing and claims services, the Company collects funds for payment of payroll, taxes
held for clients include cash and long-term bonds. The Company presents the funds held for clients and related obligations
and claims, temporarily holds such funds until payment is due, remits the funds to the clients’ employees, appropriate tax authorities
separately. Funds held for clients are classified as current assets since, based upon management’s intentions, these funds are
or claims holders, files federal and local tax returns and handles related regulatory correspondence and amendments. The funds
held solely for the purpose of satisfying the clients’ funds obligations, which will be repaid within one year of the consolidated
held for clients include cash and long-term bonds. The Company presents the funds held for clients and related obligations
balance sheet date. The market fluctuations affect the fair value of the long-term bonds. Due to those fluctuations, funds held for
separately. Funds held for clients are classified as current assets since, based upon management’s intentions, these funds are
clients might not equal to the clients' funds obligations.
held solely for the purpose of satisfying the clients’ funds obligations, which will be repaid within one year of the consolidated
         incomedate.
balance sheet
Interest              Theand
                  earned   market   fluctuations
                                realized          affect
                                           gains and     the fair
                                                      losses      value of
                                                              on the       the of
                                                                      disposal  ong-term   bonds.
                                                                                   bonds are       Due to in
                                                                                                recorded  those fluctuations,
                                                                                                             revenue          funds that
                                                                                                                      in the period      for
                                                                                                                                    heldthe
clients might
income is      not equal
           earned,  sincetothe
                             the clients'
                               collecting,funds  obligations.
                                            holding and   remitting of these funds are critical components of providing these services.
Interest income earned and realized gains and losses on the disposal of bonds are recorded in revenue in the period that the
income is earned, since the collecting, holding and remitting of these funds are critical components of providing these services.


70
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                 12
                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
PROPERTY,
3. SummaryPLANT AND EQUIPMENT accounting policies (continued)
                of significant
Property, plant and equipment (PP&E), including those under finance leases, are recorded at cost and are depreciated over their
estimated
PROPERTY,  useful livesAND
              PLANT    using the straight-line method.
                            EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment (PP&E), including those under finance leases, are recorded at cost and are depreciated over their
Buildings useful lives using the straight-line method.
estimated                                                                                                        10 to 40 years
Leasehold improvements                                                                                          Lesser of the useful life or lease term
Furniture,
Buildings fixtures and equipment                                                                                                          3 to
                                                                                                                                         10  to 20
                                                                                                                                                 40 years
                                                                                                                                                    years
Computer
Leasehold equipment                                                                                                                         3  to 5 years
           improvements                                                                                         Lesser of the useful life or lease   term
Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                                                         3 to 20 years
LEASES
Computer equipment                                                                                                                         3 to 5 years
Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
to the
LEASES lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.
Leases are
Assets         classified as
           held under          finance
                         finance       leases
                                  leases        whenever the
                                           are initially          termsinof the
                                                         recognized         PP&E lease transfer
                                                                                   at an        substantially
                                                                                         amount equal   to theallfair
                                                                                                                  thevalue
                                                                                                                       risks of   rewards
                                                                                                                             andthe          ownership
                                                                                                                                    leasedofassets or, if
to  the the
lower,   lessee.   All other
              present         leases
                        value of      are classified
                                  minimum    lease as      operating
                                                     payments      at theleases.
                                                                           inception of the lease, and then depreciated over the economic useful
life of the asset or lease term, whichever is shorter. The capital element of future lease payments is included in the consolidated
Assets held under finance leases are initially recognized in PP&E at an amount equal to the fair value of the leased assets or, if
balance sheets within long-term debt. Interest is charged to the consolidated statements of earnings so as to achieve a constant
lower, the present value of minimum lease payments at the inception of the lease, and then depreciated over the economic useful
rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability.
life of the asset or lease term, whichever is shorter. The capital element of future lease payments is included in the consolidated
balance     sheets within
Lease payments         underlong-term
                               operatingdebt.  Interest
                                          leases          is charged
                                                   are charged           to consolidated
                                                                    to the  the consolidated  statements
                                                                                          statements       of earnings
                                                                                                      of earnings     on aso  as to achieve
                                                                                                                           straight-line     a constant
                                                                                                                                         basis over the
rate
leaseofterm.
          interest on   the lease
                Operating    remaining   balance of
                                    incentives,        the for
                                                 typically  liability.
                                                                premises, are recognized as a reduction in the rental expense over the lease
term.
Lease payments under operating leases are charged to the consolidated statements of earnings on a straight-line basis over the
lease term. Operating lease incentives, typically for premises, are recognized as a reduction in the rental expense over the lease
CONTRACT
term.             COSTS
Contract costs are mainly incurred when acquiring or implementing long-term outsourcing contracts. Contract costs are comprised
primarily
CONTRACT     of transition
                  COSTS costs and incentives.
Contract costs are mainly incurred when acquiring or implementing long-term outsourcing contracts. Contract costs are comprised
Transition
primarily of costs
             transition costs and incentives.
Transition costs consist mostly of costs associated with the installation of systems and processes, as well as conversion of the
client’s applications
Transition   costs to the Company’s platforms incurred after the award of outsourcing and BPS contracts. Transition costs are
comprised essentially of labour costs, including compensation and related fringe benefits, as well as subcontractor costs.
Transition costs consist mostly of costs associated with the installation of systems and processes, as well as conversion of the
client’s applications to the Company’s platforms incurred after the award of outsourcing and BPS contracts. Transition costs are
Incentives
comprised essentially of labour costs, including compensation and related fringe benefits, as well as subcontractor costs.
Occasionally, incentives are granted to clients upon the signing of outsourcing contracts. These incentives are granted in the form
of cash  payments.
Incentives
Occasionally, incentives are granted to clients upon the signing of outsourcing contracts. These incentives are granted in the form
Pre-contract
of cash payments. costs
Pre-contract costs associated with acquiring or implementing long-term outsourcing contracts are expensed as incurred except
where   it is virtually
Pre-contract      costscertain that the contracts will be awarded and the costs are directly related to the acquisition of the contract.
For outsourcing contracts, the Company is virtually certain that a contract will be awarded when the Company is selected by the
Pre-contract costs associated with acquiring or implementing long-term outsourcing contracts are expensed as incurred except
client but the contract has not yet been signed.
where it is virtually certain that the contracts will be awarded and the costs are directly related to the acquisition of the contract.
For outsourcing contracts, the Company is virtually certain that a contract will be awarded when the Company is selected by the
Amortization      of contract
client but the contract   has notcosts
                                     yet been signed.
Contract costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the period services are provided. Amortization of transition costs
and  pre-contract
Amortization      of costs, if any,
                      contract      is included in costs of services, selling and administrative and amortization of incentives is recorded
                                 costs
as a reduction of revenue.
Contract costs are amortized using the straight-line method over the period services are provided. Amortization of transition costs
and pre-contract costs, if any, is included in costs of services, selling and administrative and amortization of incentives is recorded
as a reduction of revenue.




                                                                                                                                                     71
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                    13
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
CONTRACT COSTS of
3. Summary     (CONTINUED)
                  significant accounting policies (continued)
Impairment of contract costs
CONTRACT COSTS (CONTINUED)
When a contract is not expected to be profitable, the expected loss is first applied to impair the related capitalized contract costs.
Impairment
The excess of   of the
                   contract   costs
                       expected   loss over the capitalized contract costs is recorded as estimated losses on revenue-generating
contracts in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and in other long-term liabilities. If at a future date the contract returns to
When a contract is not expected to be profitable, the expected loss is first applied to impair the related capitalized contract costs.
profitability, the previously recognized impairment loss must be reversed. First the estimated losses on revenue-generating
The excess of the expected loss over the capitalized contract costs is recorded as estimated losses on revenue-generating
contracts must be reversed, and if there is still additional projected profitability then any capitalized contract costs that were
contracts in accounts payable and accrued liabilities and in other long-term liabilities. If at a future date the contract returns to
impaired must be reversed. The reversal of the impairment loss is limited so that the carrying amount does not exceed its
profitability, the previously recognized impairment loss must be reversed. First the estimated losses on revenue-generating
recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of amortization, had no impairment
contracts must be reversed, and if there is still additional projected profitability then any capitalized contract costs that were
loss been recognized for the contract costs in prior years.
impaired must be reversed. The reversal of the impairment loss is limited so that the carrying amount does not exceed its
recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of amortization, had no impairment
INTANGIBLE       ASSETS
loss been recognized      for the contract costs in prior years.
Intangible assets consist mainly of internal-use software, business solutions, software licenses and client relationships. Internal-
use  software, ASSETS
INTANGIBLE        business solutions and software licenses are recorded at cost. Internal-use software developed internally is
capitalized when it meets specific capitalization criteria related to technical and financial feasibility and when the Company
Intangible assets consist mainly of internal-use software, business solutions, software licenses and client relationships. Internal-
demonstrates its ability and intention to use it. Business solutions developed internally and marketed are capitalized when they
use software, business solutions and software licenses are recorded at cost. Internal-use software developed internally is
meet specific capitalization criteria related to technical, market and financial feasibility. Internal-use software, business solutions,
capitalized when it meets specific capitalization criteria related to technical and financial feasibility and when the Company
software licenses and client relationships acquired through business combinations are initially recorded at their fair value based
demonstrates its ability and intention to use it. Business solutions developed internally and marketed are capitalized when they
on the present value of expected future cash flows, which involve making estimates about the future cash flows and discount
meet specific capitalization criteria related to technical, market and financial feasibility. Internal-use software, business solutions,
rates.
software licenses and client relationships acquired through business combinations are initially recorded at their fair value based
on the  presentof
Amortization       value of expected
                     intangible  assetsfuture cash flows, which involve making estimates about the future cash flows and discount
rates.
The Company amortizes its intangible assets using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives.
Amortization of intangible assets
Internal-use
The  Company software
                 amortizes its intangible assets using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives.          2 to 7 years
Business solutions                                                                                                        2 to 10 years
Software   licenses                                                                                                         3
Internal-use   software                                                                                                     2 to
                                                                                                                               to 8
                                                                                                                                  7 years
                                                                                                                                    years
Business solutions and other
Client relationships                                                                                                      2
                                                                                                                          2 to 10 years
                                                                                                                             to  10 years
Software licenses                                                                                                          3 to 8 years
IMPAIRMENT        OF and
 Client relationships PP&E,
                         otherINTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL                                                              2 to 10 years

Timing of impairment testing
IMPAIRMENT OF PP&E, INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL
The carrying values of PP&E, intangible assets and goodwill are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances
indicate of
Timing    that the  carrying
             impairment      value may be impaired. The Company assesses at each reporting date whether any such events or
                           testing
changes in circumstances exist. The carrying value of PP&E and intangible assets not available for use and goodwill is tested
The carrying values of PP&E, intangible assets and goodwill are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances
for impairment annually as at September 30.
indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Company assesses at each reporting date whether any such events or
changes
Impairment in circumstances
               testing        exist. The carrying value of PP&E and intangible assets not available for use and goodwill is tested
for impairment annually as at September 30.
If any indication of impairment exists or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Company estimates the
Impairmentamount
recoverable    testingof the asset or cash-generating unit (CGU) to which the asset relates to determine the extent of any impairment
loss. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or CGU’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use (VIU) to
If any indication of impairment exists or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Company estimates the
the Company. The Company mainly uses the VIU. In assessing the VIU, estimated future cash flows are discounted to their
recoverable amount of the asset or cash-generating unit (CGU) to which the asset relates to determine the extent of any impairment
present value using a discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
loss. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s or CGU’s fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use (VIU) to
the asset or CGU. In determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions are taken into account, if available.
the Company. The Company mainly uses the VIU. In assessing the VIU, estimated future cash flows are discounted to their
If the recoverable amount of an asset or a CGU is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount is reduced
present value using a discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of earnings.
the asset or CGU. In determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent market transactions are taken into account, if available.
If the recoverable
Goodwill   acquiredamount
                      throughof an asset or a
                              business         CGU is is
                                        combinations   estimated  to to
                                                          allocated  be the
                                                                         lessCGU
                                                                              than or
                                                                                   itsgroup
                                                                                       carrying amount,
                                                                                             of CGUs    theare
                                                                                                      that  carrying     to is
                                                                                                                     amount
                                                                                                               expected        reduced
                                                                                                                           benefit from
to its recoverable
synergies of         amount. An
               the related       impairment
                           business           loss is
                                     combination.     recognized
                                                    The group     immediately
                                                               of CGUs    that in  thefrom the
                                                                               benefit  consolidated statements
                                                                                                synergies        of to
                                                                                                                   earnings.
                                                                                                          correspond    the Company’s
operating segments. For goodwill impairment testing purposes, the group of CGUs that represents the lowest level within the
Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the CGU or group of CGUs that are expected to benefit from
Company at which management monitors goodwill is the operating segment level.
synergies of the related business combination. The group of CGUs that benefit from the synergies correspond to the Company’s
operating segments. For goodwill impairment testing purposes, the group of CGUs that represents the lowest level within the
Company at which management monitors goodwill is the operating segment level.

72
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                    14
                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
IMPAIRMENT
3. Summary OF PP&E, INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                of significant        AND GOODWILL
                                accounting  policies(CONTINUED)
                                                      (continued)
Impairment testing (continued)
IMPAIRMENT OF PP&E, INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
The recoverable amount of each operating segment has been determined based on the VIU calculation which includes estimates
Impairment    testing
about their future     (continued)
                   financial   performance based on cash flows approved by management covering a period of five years as the
Company generates revenue mainly through long-term contracts. Key assumptions used in the VIU calculations are the discount
The recoverable amount of each operating segment has been determined based on the VIU calculation which includes estimates
rate applied and the long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows. In determining these assumptions, management has taken
about their future financial performance based on cash flows approved by management covering a period of five years as the
into consideration the current economic environment and its resulting impact on expected growth and discount rates. The cash
Company generates revenue mainly through long-term contracts. Key assumptions used in the VIU calculations are the discount
flow projections reflect management’s expectations of the operating segment's operating performance and growth prospects in
rate applied and the long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows. In determining these assumptions, management has taken
the operating segment’s market. The discount rate applied to an operating segment is the weighted average cost of capital
into consideration the current economic environment and its resulting impact on expected growth and discount rates. The cash
(WACC). Management considers factors such as country risk premium, risk-free rate, size premium and cost of debt to derive
flow projections reflect management’s expectations of the operating segment's operating performance and growth prospects in
the WACC. Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods.
the operating segment’s market. The discount rate applied to an operating segment is the weighted average cost of capital
(WACC).   Management
For impaired  assets, otherconsiders  factorsan
                              than goodwill,   such as countryis risk
                                                 assessment      made premium,
                                                                        at each risk-free
                                                                                reportingrate,
                                                                                           date size
                                                                                                as topremium  and cost
                                                                                                      whether there     of debt
                                                                                                                    is any       to derive
                                                                                                                            indication that
the WACC.recognized
previously   Impairment losses     relating
                          impairment        to may
                                       losses  goodwill cannot be
                                                    no longer       reversed
                                                               exist or  may in future
                                                                              have      periods. If such indication exists, the Company
                                                                                    decreased.
estimates the recoverable amount of the asset. A previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a
For impaired assets, other than goodwill, an assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that
change in the assumptions used to determine the recoverable amount of the asset since the last impairment loss was recognized.
previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the Company
The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying
estimates the recoverable amount of the asset. A previously recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a
amount that would have been determined, net of amortization, had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior
change in the assumptions used to determine the recoverable amount of the asset since the last impairment loss was recognized.
years. Such reversal is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
The reversal is limited so that the carrying amount of the asset does not exceed its recoverable amount, nor exceed the carrying
amount that would have been determined, net of amortization, had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior
LONG-TERM       FINANCIAL
years. Such reversal           ASSETSin the consolidated statements of earnings.
                        is recognized
Long-term investments presented in long-term financial assets are comprised of bonds which are classified as long-term based
on  management’s
LONG-TERM           intentions.
                FINANCIAL      ASSETS
Long-term investments presented in long-term financial assets are comprised of bonds which are classified as long-term based
BUSINESS     COMBINATIONS
on management’s     intentions.
The Company accounts for its business combinations using the acquisition method. Under this method, the consideration
transferred
BUSINESS is measured
             COMBINATIONS  at fair value. Acquisition-related and integration costs associated with the business combination are
expensed as incurred. The Company recognizes goodwill as the excess of the cost of the acquisition over the net identifiable
The Company accounts for its business combinations using the acquisition method. Under this method, the consideration
tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition-date fair values. The goodwill recognized is
transferred is measured at fair value. Acquisition-related and integration costs associated with the business combination are
composed of the future economic value associated to acquired work force and synergies with the Company’s operations which
expensed as incurred. The Company recognizes goodwill as the excess of the cost of the acquisition over the net identifiable
are primarily due to reduction of costs and new business opportunities. Management makes assumptions when determining the
tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition-date fair values. The goodwill recognized is
acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed which involve
composed of the future economic value associated to acquired work force and synergies with the Company’s operations which
estimates, such as the forecasting of future cash flows, discount rates, and the useful lives of the assets acquired. Subsequent
are primarily due to reduction of costs and new business opportunities. Management makes assumptions when determining the
changes in fair values are adjusted against the cost of acquisition if they qualify as measurement period adjustments. The
acquisition-date fair values of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed which involve
measurement period is the period between the date of acquisition and the date where all significant information necessary to
estimates, such as the forecasting of future cash flows, discount rates, and the useful lives of the assets acquired. Subsequent
determine the fair values is available, not to exceed 12 months. All other subsequent changes are recognized in the consolidated
changes in fair values are adjusted against the cost of acquisition if they qualify as measurement period adjustments. The
statements of earnings.
measurement period is the period between the date of acquisition and the date where all significant information necessary to
determine the fair values is available, not to exceed 12 months. All other subsequent changes are recognized in the consolidated
EARNINGS
statements ofPER   SHARE
               earnings.
Basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings
per share is PER
EARNINGS     determined
                   SHARE  using the treasury stock method to evaluate the dilutive effect of stock options and PSUs.
Basic earnings per share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings
RESEARCH      AND SOFTWARE
per share is determined           DEVELOPMENT
                          using the                 COSTSto evaluate the dilutive effect of stock options and PSUs.
                                    treasury stock method
Research costs are charged to earnings in the period in which they are incurred, net of related tax credits. Software development
costs related AND
RESEARCH      to internal-use
                     SOFTWARE software and businessCOSTS
                                  DEVELOPMENT        solutions are charged to earnings in the year they are incurred, net of related
tax credits, unless they meet specific capitalization criteria related to technical, market and financial feasibility as described in
Research costs are charged to earnings in the period in which they are incurred, net of related tax credits. Software development
the Intangible assets section above.
costs related to internal-use software and business solutions are charged to earnings in the year they are incurred, net of related
tax credits, unless they meet specific capitalization criteria related to technical, market and financial feasibility as described in
the Intangible assets section above.




                                                                                                                                       73
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                      15
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.       Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
TAX
3. CREDITS
    Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
The Company follows the income approach to account for research and development (R&D) and other tax credits, whereby
investment
TAX  CREDITS tax credits are recorded when there is a reasonable assurance that the assistance will be received and that the
Company will comply with all relevant conditions. Under this method, tax credits related to operating expenditures are recorded
The Company follows the income approach to account for research and development (R&D) and other tax credits, whereby
as a reduction of the related expenses and recognized in the period in which the related expenditures are charged to earnings.
investment tax credits are recorded when there is a reasonable assurance that the assistance will be received and that the
Tax credits related to capital expenditures are recorded as a reduction of the cost of the related assets. The tax credits recorded
Company will comply with all relevant conditions. Under this method, tax credits related to operating expenditures are recorded
are based on management's best estimates of amounts expected to be received and are subject to audit by the taxation authorities.
as a reduction of the related expenses and recognized in the period in which the related expenditures are charged to earnings.
Tax credits related to capital expenditures are recorded as a reduction of the cost of the related assets. The tax credits recorded
INCOME
are basedTAXES
           on management's best estimates of amounts expected to be received and are subject to audit by the taxation authorities.
Income taxes are accounted for using the liability method of accounting.
INCOME TAXES
Current income taxes are recognized with respect to the amounts expected to be paid or recovered under the tax rates and laws
Income
that    taxes
     have beenare  accounted
                 enacted  or for  using theenacted
                             substantively  liability at
                                                      method
                                                         the of accounting.
                                                            balance sheets date.
Deferredincome
Current      tax assetstaxesandareliabilities
                                   recognized  arewith    respect to
                                                     determined         the amounts
                                                                     based              expected
                                                                             on deductible           to be paid
                                                                                                or taxable       or recovered
                                                                                                             temporary           under between
                                                                                                                          differences    the tax rates
                                                                                                                                                    the and  laws
                                                                                                                                                        amounts
that  havefor
reported      been    enacted orfinancial
                 consolidated        substantively
                                               statement enacted   at theand
                                                              purposes     balance     sheetsof the
                                                                                 tax values     date.assets and liabilities using enacted or substantively
enacted tax rates that will be in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on deductible or taxable temporary differences between the amounts
assets and liabilities are recognized in earnings, in other comprehensive income or in equity based on the classification of the
reported for consolidated financial statement purposes and tax values of the assets and liabilities using enacted or substantively
item to which they relate.
enacted tax rates that will be in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax
assets
Deferred   and
             taxliabilities
                  assets are arerecognized
                                  recognizedforinunused
                                                      earnings,tax in  othertocomprehensive
                                                                    losses      the extent that itincome    or inthat
                                                                                                    is probable   equity   based
                                                                                                                       taxable     on will
                                                                                                                                profit the be
                                                                                                                                            classification  of the
                                                                                                                                               available against
item   to  which   they    relate.
which the losses can be utilized. Once this assessment is made, the Company considers the analysis of forecasts and future tax
planning strategies. Estimates of taxable profit are made based on the forecast by jurisdiction on an undiscounted basis. In
Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against
addition, management considers factors such as substantively enacted tax rates, the history of the taxable profits and availability
which the losses can be utilized. Once this assessment is made, the Company considers the analysis of forecasts and future tax
of tax strategies.
planning strategies. Estimates of taxable profit are made based on the forecast by jurisdiction on an undiscounted basis. In
addition,
The Company management
                     is subject considers
                                  to taxationfactors    such as substantively
                                                  in numerous      jurisdictions andenacted
                                                                                         theretax
                                                                                                arerates,  the history
                                                                                                      transactions   andofcalculations
                                                                                                                           the taxable profits   andthe
                                                                                                                                          for which   availability
                                                                                                                                                         ultimate
of  tax  strategies.
tax determination is uncertain. When a tax position is uncertain, the Company recognizes an income tax asset or reduces an
income tax liability only when it is probable that the tax asset will be realized in the future or that the income tax liability is no
The Company is subject to taxation in numerous jurisdictions and there are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate
longer probable. The provision for uncertain tax positions is made using the best estimate of the amount expected to be paid
tax determination is uncertain. When a tax position is uncertain, the Company recognizes an income tax asset or reduces an
based on qualitative assessment of all relevant factors such as experience of previous tax audits or interpretations of tax regulations.
income tax liability only when it is probable that the tax asset will be realized in the future or that the income tax liability is no
longer probable. The provision for uncertain tax positions is made using the best estimate of the amount expected to be paid
PROVISIONS
based on qualitative assessment of all relevant factors such as experience of previous tax audits or interpretations of tax regulations.
Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is
probable
PROVISIONS   that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate
can be made of the amount of the obligation. The Company’s provisions consist of liabilities for leases of vacated premises,
Provisions are recognized when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is
litigation and claims provisions arising in the ordinary course of business and decommissioning liabilities for operating leases of
probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate
office buildings. The Company also records restructuring provisions for termination of employment costs related to its productivity
can be made of the amount of the obligation. The Company’s provisions consist of liabilities for leases of vacated premises,
improvement initiatives and to the integration of its business acquisitions.
litigation and claims provisions arising in the ordinary course of business and decommissioning liabilities for operating leases of
officeamount
The     buildings. The
                  recognized Company
                                  as a also
                                        provisionrecords    restructuring
                                                       is the best          provisions
                                                                      estimate of    the for  termination of
                                                                                          consideration        employment
                                                                                                           required   to settlecosts  related to its
                                                                                                                                the present          productivity
                                                                                                                                                 bligation  at the
improvement
end of             initiatives
          the reporting          and to
                            period,       the into
                                      taking   integration
                                                     accountoftheits risks
                                                                      business     acquisitions. surrounding the obligation. Provisions are discounted
                                                                            and uncertainties
using a current pre-tax rate when the impact of the time value of money is material. The increase in the provisions due to the
The amount recognized as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the
passage of time is recognized as finance costs.
end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Provisions are discounted
using   a currentaccrues
The Company            pre-tax provisions
                                 rate when the       impact ofleases
                                                for onerous       the time    value
                                                                          which       of money
                                                                                   consist        is material.
                                                                                            of estimated        The
                                                                                                            costs     increase with
                                                                                                                   associated    in thevacated
                                                                                                                                          provisions  due toThe
                                                                                                                                                 premises.     the
passage      of time    is recognized     as  finance     costs.
provisions reflect the present value of lease payments in excess of the expected sublease proceeds on the remaining term of
the lease.
The Company accrues provisions for onerous leases which consist of estimated costs associated with vacated premises. The
provisions
The   accrued  reflect    the and
                  litigation  present
                                    legalvalue
                                           claims of lease    payments
                                                      provisions    are in
                                                                         based excess
                                                                                  on of    the expected
                                                                                      historical experience, sublease    proceeds
                                                                                                                current trends      onotherremaining
                                                                                                                                  and          assumptionsterm   of
                                                                                                                                                              that
the
are lease.
      believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates include the period in which the underlying cause of the claim
occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavourable outcome.
The accrued litigation and legal claims provisions are based on historical experience, current trends and other assumptions that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates include the period in which the underlying cause of the claim
occurred and the degree of probability of an unfavourable outcome.




74
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                              16
                                                                                                                       FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
PROVISIONS
3. Summary (CONTINUED)
                of significant accounting policies (continued)
Decommissioning liabilities pertain to operating leases of buildings where certain arrangements require premises to be returned
to their original state
PROVISIONS                at the end of the lease term. The provision is determined using the present value of the estimated future
                 (CONTINUED)
cash outflows.
Decommissioning liabilities pertain to operating leases of buildings where certain arrangements require premises to be returned
to their originalprovisions
Restructuring      state at the
                              areend  of the lease
                                  recognized     when term. The provision
                                                        a detailed          is determined
                                                                   formal plan               using
                                                                                 identifies the     the present
                                                                                                business   or partvalue
                                                                                                                   of the of business
                                                                                                                             the estimated  future
                                                                                                                                      concerned,
cashlocation
the   outflows.
              and number of employees affected, a detailed estimate of the associated costs, appropriate timelines and has been
communicated to those affected by it.
Restructuring provisions are recognized when a detailed formal plan identifies the business or part of the business concerned,
the location and number of employees affected, a detailed estimate of the associated costs, appropriate timelines and has been
TRANSLATION
communicated toOF        FOREIGN
                     those   affectedCURRENCIES
                                       by it.
The Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is also the parent company’s functional
currency.
TRANSLATIONEach OF entity in the Company
                         FOREIGN     CURRENCIESdetermines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of
each entity are measured using that functional currency. Functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment
The Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian dollars, which is also the parent company’s functional
in which the entity operates.
currency. Each entity in the Company determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of
each  entity are
Foreign   currencymeasured     using that
                       transactions    andfunctional
                                              balances currency. Functional currency is the currency of the primary economic environment
in which the entity operates.
Revenue, expenses and non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recorded at the rate of exchange
Foreign
prevailingcurrency     transactions
            at the transaction    date.and    balances
                                         Monetary    assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at exchange
rates prevailing at the balance sheets date. Unrealized and realized translation gains and losses are reflected in the consolidated
Revenue, expenses and non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recorded at the rate of exchange
statements of earnings.
prevailing at the transaction date. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at exchange
rates prevailing
Foreign            at the balance sheets date. Unrealized and realized translation gains and losses are reflected in the consolidated
          operations
statements of earnings.
For foreign operations that have functional currencies different from the Company, assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign
Foreign   operations
currency are   translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheets date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average
exchange rates prevailing during the period. Resulting unrealized gains or losses on translating financial statements of foreign
For foreign operations that have functional currencies different from the Company, assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign
operations are reported in other comprehensive income.
currency are translated at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheets date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average
exchange
For foreignrates   prevailing
             operations     withduring  the period.
                                 the same             Resulting
                                              functional currencyunrealized   gains or losses
                                                                   as the Company,      monetaryon translating
                                                                                                   assets andfinancial
                                                                                                                liabilitiesstatements   of foreign
                                                                                                                             are translated at the
operations   are  reported   in other comprehensive      income.
exchange rates in effect at the balance sheets date and non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical exchange
rates. Revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the period. Translation exchange gains or losses
For foreign operations with the same functional currency as the Company, monetary assets and liabilities are translated at the
of such operations are reflected in the consolidated statements of earnings.
exchange rates in effect at the balance sheets date and non-monetary assets and liabilities are translated at historical exchange
rates. Revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the period. Translation exchange gains or losses
SHARE-BASED
of such operations   PAYMENTS
                       are reflected in the consolidated statements of earnings.
Equity-settled plans
SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
The Company operates equity-settled stock option and PSU plans under which the Company receives services from employees,
Equity-settled     plans as consideration for equity instruments.
officers and directors
      Company
The fair         operates
          value of         equity-settled stock
                   those share-based     paymentsoption
                                                    is and   PSU on
                                                      established  plans under
                                                                       the grantwhich
                                                                                  date the  Company
                                                                                       using the  Black-Scholes   option from
                                                                                                      receives ervices         employees,
                                                                                                                         pricing model  for
officers
the      and
     stock    directors
            options and as   consideration
                         the closing        forClass
                                      price of equityAinstruments.
                                                       subordinate shares of the Company on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) for
the PSUs. The number of stock options and PSUs expected to vest are estimated on the grant date and subsequently revised
The fair value of those share-based payments is established on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model for
on each reporting date. For stock options, the estimation of fair value requires making assumptions for the most appropriate
the stock options and the closing price of Class A subordinate shares of the Company on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) for
inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the option and expected stock price volatility. The fair values, adjusted
the PSUs. The number of stock options and PSUs expected to vest are estimated on the grant date and subsequently revised
for expectations related to performance conditions and for expected forfeitures, are recognized as share-based payment costs
on each reporting date. For stock options, the estimation of fair value requires making assumptions for the most appropriate
in earnings with a corresponding credit to contributed surplus on a graded-vesting basis over the vesting period.
inputs to the valuation model including the expected life of the option and expected stock price volatility. The fair values, adjusted
for expectations
When stock         related
               options  are to performance
                             exercised,  any conditions  andpaid
                                              consideration   for is
                                                                  expected  forfeitures,
                                                                     credited to  capital are
                                                                                          stock and  the as
                                                                                              recognized     share-based
                                                                                                         recorded                the costs
                                                                                                                           payment
                                                                                                                   fair value of     stock
in earnings
options  is with
            removeda from
                     corresponding    credit
                             contributed     to and
                                               contributed
                                          surplus           surplus
                                                       credited to on     graded-vesting
                                                                   capital stock. When PSUs       over the
                                                                                            basisare            theperiod.
                                                                                                           vesting
                                                                                                     exercised,     recorded fair value of
PSUs is removed from contributed surplus and credited to capital stock.
When stock options are exercised, any consideration paid is credited to capital stock and the recorded fair value of the stock
options is
Share       removed
        purchase      from contributed surplus and credited to capital stock. When PSUs are exercised, the recorded fair value of
                    plan
PSUs is removed from contributed surplus and credited to capital stock.
The Company operates a share purchase plan for eligible employees. Under this plan, the Company matches the contributions
Share
made by purchase
           employeesplan
                       up to a maximum percentage of the employee's salary. The Company contributions to the plan are recognized
in salaries and other member costs within costs of services, selling and administrative.
The Company operates a share purchase plan for eligible employees. Under this plan, the Company matches the contributions
made by employees up to a maximum percentage of the employee's salary. The Company contributions to the plan are recognized
in salaries and other member costs within costs of services, selling and administrative.
                                                                                                                                             75
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                             17
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
SHARE-BASED
3. Summary  PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
               of significant accounting policies (continued)
Cash-settled deferred share units
SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
The Company operates a deferred share unit (DSU) plan to compensate the members of the Board of Directors. The expense
Cash-settled
is recognized deferred
                   within costs  share    units
                                     of services,    selling and administrative for each DSU granted equal to the closing price of Class A
subordinate shares of the Company on the TSX at the date on which DSUs are awarded and a corresponding liability is recorded
The Company operates a deferred share unit (DSU) plan to compensate the members of the Board of Directors. The expense
in accrued compensation. After the grant date, the DSU liability is remeasured for subsequent changes in the fair value of the
is recognized within costs of services, selling and administrative for each DSU granted equal to the closing price of Class A
Company's shares.
subordinate shares of the Company on the TSX at the date on which DSUs are awarded and a corresponding liability is recorded
in accrued compensation. After the grant date, the DSU liability is remeasured for subsequent changes in the fair value of the
FINANCIAL
Company's shares.INSTRUMENTS
All financial instruments are initially measured at their fair value. Subsequently, financial assets classified as loans and receivables
and   financial liabilities
FINANCIAL        INSTRUMENTS  classified as other liabilities are measured at their amortized cost using the effective interest rate method.
Financial assets and liabilities classified as fair value through earnings (FVTE) and classified as available-for-sale are measured
All financial instruments are initially measured at their fair value. Subsequently, financial assets classified as loans and receivables
subsequently at their fair value.
and financial liabilities classified as other liabilities are measured at their amortized cost using the effective interest rate method.
Financial assets      and may
             instruments    liabilities
                                      be classified
                                          designated  as on
                                                         fairinitial
                                                              value through     earnings
                                                                     recognition as   FVTE(FVTE)
                                                                                              if anyand    classified
                                                                                                       of the          as criteria
                                                                                                                following  available-for-sale
                                                                                                                                     are met: i)are
                                                                                                                                                  themeasured
                                                                                                                                                       financial
subsequently at
instrument    containstheir
                          onefairorvalue.
                                    more embedded derivatives that otherwise would have to be accounted for separately; ii) the designation
eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise from measuring the
Financial instruments may be designated on initial recognition as FVTE if any of the following criteria are met: i) the financial
financial asset or liability or recognizing the gains and losses on them on a different basis; or iii) the financial asset and financial
instrument contains one or more embedded derivatives that otherwise would have to be accounted for separately; ii) the designation
liability are part of a group of financial assets or liabilities that is managed and its performance evaluated on a fair value basis,
eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise from measuring the
in accordance with a documented risk management or investment strategy. Gains and losses related to periodic revaluations of
financial asset or liability or recognizing the gains and losses on them on a different basis; or iii) the financial asset and financial
financial assets and liabilities designated as FVTE are recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings.
liability are part of a group of financial assets or liabilities that is managed and its performance evaluated on a fair value basis,
in
Theaccordance
      unrealizedwithgainsa and
                            documented
                                   losses, netrisk management
                                                 of applicable        or taxes,
                                                                  income investmenton strategy.  Gains and
                                                                                      available-for-sale        losses
                                                                                                             assets   arerelated
                                                                                                                          reportedto in other revaluations
                                                                                                                                     periodic  comprehensive  of
financial assets
income.     Interestand    liabilities
                       income            designated
                                    earned             as FVTE
                                             and realized      gainsareand
                                                                        recorded
                                                                             lossesinon
                                                                                      thethe sale
                                                                                           consolidated
                                                                                                     of      statements
                                                                                                        available-for-sale of assets
                                                                                                                              earnings.are recorded in the
consolidated statements of earnings.
The unrealized gains and losses, net of applicable income taxes, on available-for-sale assets are reported in other comprehensive
income.
Transaction Interest
                costsincome         earnedprimarily
                        are comprised        and realized      gains
                                                       of legal,       and losses
                                                                  accounting         on the
                                                                                and other     saledirectly
                                                                                           costs     of available-for-sale     assets
                                                                                                             attributable to the         are of
                                                                                                                                  issuance    recorded    in the
                                                                                                                                                the respective
consolidated      statements      of  earnings.
financial assets and liabilities. Transaction costs are capitalized to the cost of financial assets and liabilities classified as other
than FVTE.
Transaction costs are comprised primarily of legal, accounting and other costs directly attributable to the issuance of the respective
Financialassets
financial            and liabilities.
             assets are   derecognized if Transaction    costs are
                                                the contractual        capitalized
                                                                   rights to        to the
                                                                              the cash     cost
                                                                                       flows from ofthe
                                                                                                     financial
                                                                                                         financialassets
                                                                                                                     assetand  liabilities
                                                                                                                           expire or       classified
                                                                                                                                      the asset  is as     other
                                                                                                                                                    transferred
than the
and    FVTE.
           transfer qualifies for derecognition. The transfer qualifies for derecognition if substantially all the risks and rewards of
ownership of the financial asset are transferred.
Financial assets are derecognized if the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or the asset is transferred
and
The the    transfer
      Company       hasqualifies
                         made the   for following
                                        derecognition.     The transfer qualifies for derecognition if substantially all the risks and rewards of
                                                    classifications:
ownership of the financial asset are transferred.
FVTE
The Company has made the following classifications:
Cash and cash equivalents and derivative financial instruments unless they qualify for hedge accounting. In addition, deferred
FVTE
compensation plan assets within long-term financial assets were designated by management as FVTE upon initial recognition
as this reflected management’s investment strategy.
Cash and cash equivalents and derivative financial instruments unless they qualify for hedge accounting. In addition, deferred
compensation
Loans     and       plan
               receivablesassets within long-term financial assets were designated by management as FVTE upon initial recognition
as this reflected management’s investment strategy.
Trade accounts receivable, cash included in funds held for clients and long-term receivables within long-term financial assets.
Loans and receivables
Available-for-sale
Trade accounts receivable, cash included in funds held for clients and long-term receivables within long-term financial assets.
Long-term bonds included in funds held for clients and in long-term investments within long-term financial assets.
Available-for-sale
Other liabilities
Long-term bonds included in funds held for clients and in long-term investments within long-term financial assets.
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, long-term debt and clients’ funds obligations.
Other liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accrued compensation, long-term debt and clients’ funds obligations.




76
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                           18
                                                                                                                                FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
FINANCIAL
3. SummaryINSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
                of significant accounting policies (continued)
Fair value hierarchy
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
Fair value measurements recognized in the balance sheets are categorized in accordance with the following levels:
Fair value hierarchy
     Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
Fair value measurements recognized in the balance sheets are categorized in accordance with the following levels:
     Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, but that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
     Level 1:
     or       quoted
        indirectly; andprices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
          2: inputs for
   Level 3:         other
                        thethan quoted
                            asset or     prices
                                     liability   included
                                               that are notinbased
                                                              Levelon
                                                                    1, but that aremarket
                                                                      observable    observable
                                                                                          data. for the asset or liability, either directly
   or indirectly; and
DERIVATIVE    FINANCIAL
   Level 3: inputs  for the INSTRUMENTS         AND
                            asset or liability that   HEDGING
                                                    are not basedTRANSACTIONS
                                                                   on observable market data.
The Company enters into a variety of derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to interest rate and foreign currency
exchange risks.
DERIVATIVE   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS
The  Company
Derivative          enters into
             financial           a variety
                           instruments    areofinitially
                                                derivative   financialat fair
                                                         recognized      instruments   tothe
                                                                                value at  manage
                                                                                               date its  derivativetocontracts
                                                                                                    theexposure                  are and
                                                                                                                       interest rate       foreign
                                                                                                                                      entered       currency
                                                                                                                                                into and  are
exchange
subsequentlyrisks. remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting date. The resulting gain or loss is recognized in the
consolidated statements of earnings unless the derivative is designated and is effective as a hedging instrument, in which event
Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value at the date the derivative contracts are entered into and are
the timing of the recognition in the consolidated statements of earnings depends on the nature of the hedge relationship.
subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting date. The resulting gain or loss is recognized in the
consolidated
At the            statements
        inception of      a hedgeof earnings    unless
                                    relationship,     thethe  derivative is
                                                          Company             designated
                                                                        formally            and is
                                                                                   designates   andeffective
                                                                                                     documentsas athedging
                                                                                                                         hedgeinstrument,
                                                                                                                                 relationship   which
                                                                                                                                             in to whichevent
                                                                                                                                                          the
the timing of
Company          the to
            wishes     recognition
                            apply in
                                   hedgetheaccounting
                                             consolidated      statements
                                                           and the    risk of    earnings depends
                                                                           management's       objectiveonand
                                                                                                           the nature
                                                                                                              strategyofforthe hedge    relationship.
                                                                                                                              undertaking the    hedge. The
documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being
At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Company formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which the
hedged and how the Company will assess the effectiveness of changes in the hedging instrument’s fair value in offsetting the
Company wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management's objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The
exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. Such hedges are expected to
documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being
be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows and are assessed on an ongoing basis to determine
hedged and how the Company will assess the effectiveness of changes in the hedging instrument’s fair value in offsetting the
that they actually have been highly effective throughout the financial reporting periods for which they were designated.
exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. Such hedges are expected to
Thehighly
be         effective
     cash flows      of in
                         theachieving
                              hedging offsetting
                                        transactions  changes
                                                         are in     fair in
                                                              classified valuetheorsame
                                                                                    cash flows
                                                                                         manner andasare   assessed
                                                                                                       the cash       onof
                                                                                                                  flows        ongoing
                                                                                                                           anthe positionbasis     determine
                                                                                                                                               to hedged.
                                                                                                                                            being
that they actually have been highly effective throughout the financial reporting periods for which they were designated.
Derivative financial instruments used as hedging items are recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets under current
The  cash flows
derivative  financialof the   hedging transactions
                          instruments,                   are classified
                                          long-term financial      assetsinorthe   same manner
                                                                                long-term          as the
                                                                                           derivative       cash flows
                                                                                                        financial         of the position
                                                                                                                   instruments.   Valuation being  hedged.
                                                                                                                                              models,    such
as discounted cash flow analysis using observable market inputs, are utilized to determine the fair values of the derivative financial
Derivative financial instruments used as hedging items are recorded at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets under current
instruments.
derivative financial instruments, long-term financial assets or long-term derivative financial instruments. Valuation models, such
as discounted
Hedges    of netcash flow
                     investmentsanalysis
                                      in using
                                          foreign observable
                                                     operations  market inputs, are utilized to determine the fair values of the derivative financial
instruments.
The Company uses cross-currency swaps and foreign currency denominated long-term debt to hedge portions of the Company’s
Hedges
net       of net in its
    investments      investments
                             U.S. and in foreign
                                         Europeanoperations
                                                       operations. Foreign exchange translation gains or losses on the net investments and
the effective portions of gains or losses on instruments hedging the net investments are recorded in other comprehensive income.
The Company uses cross-currency swaps and foreign currency denominated long-term debt to hedge portions of the Company’s
To the extent that the hedge is ineffective, such differences are recognized in consolidated statements of earnings. When the
net investments in its U.S. and European operations. Foreign exchange translation gains or losses on the net investments and
hedged net investment is disposed of, the relevant amount in other comprehensive income is transferred to earnings as part of
the effective portions of gains or losses on instruments hedging the net investments are recorded in other comprehensive income.
the gain or loss on disposal.
To the extent that the hedge is ineffective, such differences are recognized in consolidated statements of earnings. When the
hedged
Cash      nethedges
       flow    investment  of is  disposed
                              future  revenue of, the
                                                   andrelevant
                                                         long-termamountdebtin other comprehensive income is transferred to earnings as part of
the gain or loss on disposal.
The majority of the Company’s costs are denominated in currency other than the Canadian dollar. The risk of foreign exchange
Cash   flow impacting
fluctuation   hedges ofthe    future  revenue
                                 results           and long-term
                                           is substantially    mitigateddebtby matching the Company’s costs with revenue denominated in the
same currency. In certain cases where there is a substantial imbalance for a specific currency, the Company enters into foreign
The majority of the Company’s costs are denominated in currency other than the Canadian dollar. The risk of foreign exchange
currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in the foreign currency exchange rates.
fluctuation impacting the results is substantially mitigated by matching the Company’s costs with revenue denominated in the
       currency.also
sameCompany
The                   In certain  cases rate
                          uses interest   where  andthere is a  substantial
                                                       cross-currency          imbalance
                                                                           swaps to   hedge for a specific
                                                                                              either        currency,
                                                                                                     the cash   flow the
                                                                                                                      exposure    or theenters
                                                                                                                             Company      foreigninto foreign
                                                                                                                                                   exchange
currency
exposure offorward      contracts to
                the long-term          hedge the variability in the foreign currency exchange rates.
                                   debt.
The Company also uses interest rate and cross-currency swaps to hedge either the cash flow exposure or the foreign exchange
exposure of the long-term debt.




                                                                                                                                                        77
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                        19
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
DERIVATIVE
3. Summary FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                 of significant  AND HEDGING
                                accounting   TRANSACTIONS
                                           policies       (CONTINUED)
                                                    (continued)
Cash flow hedges of future revenue and long-term debt (continued)
DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
Those derivatives are documented as cash flow hedges and no component of the derivative contracts’ fair value are excluded
Cash   flow
from the     hedges ofand
          assessment      future  revenue and
                             measurement          long-term
                                              of hedge          debt (continued)
                                                         effectiveness.   The effective portion of the change in fair value of the derivative
financial instruments is recognized in other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion, if any, in the consolidated statements
Those derivatives are documented as cash flow hedges and no component of the derivative contracts’ fair value are excluded
of earnings. The effective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is reclassified out of other comprehensive income
from the assessment and measurement of hedge effectiveness. The effective portion of the change in fair value of the derivative
into the consolidated statements of earnings when the hedged element is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
financial instruments is recognized in other comprehensive income and the ineffective portion, if any, in the consolidated statements
of earnings.
Fair          The effective
      value hedges           portion
                       of Senior   U.S.ofunsecured
                                         the change notes
                                                       in fair value of the derivatives is reclassified out of other comprehensive income
into the consolidated statements of earnings when the hedged element is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings.
The Company entered into interest rate swaps to hedge the fair value exposure of the issued fixed rate Senior U.S. unsecured
Fair
notes.value
        Underhedges
                the of    Senior
                    interest rate U.S.   unsecured
                                   swaps, the         notesreceives a fixed rate of interest and pays interest at a variable rate on the
                                                Company
notional amount.
The Company entered into interest rate swaps to hedge the fair value exposure of the issued fixed rate Senior U.S. unsecured
notes.  Under the
The changes         interest
                in the       rate of
                       fair value  swaps,   the Company
                                      the interest           receives
                                                    rate swaps         a fixed rateinofthe
                                                                  are recognized        interest and paystatements
                                                                                           consolidated    interest atofa earnings
                                                                                                                          variable rate  on the
                                                                                                                                    as finance
notional
costs. Theamount.
             changes in the fair value of the hedged items attributable to the risk hedged is recorded as part of the carrying value
of the Senior U.S. unsecured notes and are also recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings as finance costs. If the
The changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings as finance
hedged items are derecognized, the unamortized fair value is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of earnings.
costs. The changes in the fair value of the hedged items attributable to the risk hedged is recorded as part of the carrying value
of the Senior U.S. unsecured notes and are also recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings as finance costs. If the
EMPLOYEE
hedged itemsBENEFITS
                are derecognized, the unamortized fair value is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of earnings.
The Company operates both defined benefit and defined contribution post-employment benefit plans.
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
The cost of defined contribution plans is charged to the consolidated statements of earnings on the basis of contributions payable
The
by theCompany
        Company  operates   bothyear.
                    during the   defined benefit and defined contribution post-employment benefit plans.
The cost
For       of defined
     defined         contribution
             benefit plans,         plans is
                              the defined    charged to
                                           benefit       the are
                                                   obligationsconsolidated  statements of
                                                                     calculated by         earnings on
                                                                                    independent        the basis
                                                                                                 actuaries using of contributions
                                                                                                                 the projected    payable
                                                                                                                                unit credit
by  the The
method. Company    during the
              retirement        year.obligations in the consolidated balance sheets represent the present value of the defined benefit
                            benefits
obligations as reduced by the fair value of plan assets. The retirement benefits assets are recognized to the extent that the
For defined benefit plans, the defined benefit obligations are calculated by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit
Company can benefit from refunds or a reduction in future contributions. Retirement benefits plans that are funded by the payment
method. The retirement benefits obligations in the consolidated balance sheets represent the present value of the defined benefit
of insurance premiums are treated as defined contribution plans unless the Company has an obligation either to pay the benefits
obligations as reduced by the fair value of plan assets. The retirement benefits assets are recognized to the extent that the
directly when they fall due or to pay further amounts if assets accumulated with the insurer do not cover all future employee
Company can benefit from refunds or a reduction in future contributions. Retirement benefits plans that are funded by the payment
benefits. In such circumstances, the plan is treated as a defined benefit plan.
of insurance premiums are treated as defined contribution plans unless the Company has an obligation either to pay the benefits
directly
Insurancewhen   they are
            policies fall due   or to
                          treated  as pay
                                      planfurther  amounts
                                           assets of a        if assets
                                                        defined         accumulated
                                                                  benefit plan if the with the of
                                                                                      proceeds insurer
                                                                                                  the do   not cover all future employee
                                                                                                     policy:
benefits. In such circumstances, the plan is treated as a defined benefit plan.
      -   Can only be used to fund employee benefits;
Insurance policies are treated as plan assets of a defined benefit plan if the proceeds of the policy:
      -   Are not available to the Company’s creditors; and
      -   Can only be used to fund employee benefits;
      -   Either cannot be paid to the Company unless the proceeds represent surplus assets not needed to meet all the benefit
      -   Are not available
          obligations  or are to the Company’s for
                               a reimbursement     creditors;
                                                      benefits and
                                                                 already paid by the Company.
    -
InsuranceEither cannot
          policies that be  paid to
                         do not meetthethe
                                         Company   unlessare
                                           above criteria  thetreated
                                                               proceeds
                                                                      as represent surplus
                                                                         non-current       assets not
                                                                                     investments      needed
                                                                                                  and are          fair all
                                                                                                          heldtoatmeet value    benefit
                                                                                                                            theas long-
         obligations
term financial assetsor
                      in are
                         the aconsolidated
                               reimbursement    for benefits
                                            balance  sheets.already paid by the Company.
Insurance  policies
The actuarial       that doused
               valuations   not meet the above
                                to determine     criteria
                                               the        aredefined
                                                    cost of   treatedbenefit
                                                                      as non-current
                                                                             pension investments  andpresent
                                                                                      plans and their are heldvalue
                                                                                                               at fairinvolve
                                                                                                                       value as long-
                                                                                                                              making
term financial about
assumptions    assets in the rates,
                             consolidated
                      discount             balance
                                      future         sheets.
                                             salary and    pension increases, inflation rates and mortality. Any changes in these
assumptions will impact the carrying amount of pension obligations. In determining the appropriate discount rate, management
The actuarial valuations used to determine the cost of defined benefit pension plans and their present value involve making
considers the interest rates of high quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be
assumptions about discount rates, future salary and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality. Any changes in these
paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related pension liability.
assumptions will impact the carrying amount of pension obligations. In determining the appropriate discount rate, management
considers the interest rates of high quality corporate bonds that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits will be
paid, and that have terms to maturity approximating the terms of the related pension liability.




78
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                          20
                                                                                                                             FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.      Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
3. Summary     of (CONTINUED)
                  significant accounting policies (continued)
The current service cost is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings under costs of services, selling and administrative.
The net
EMPLOYEE interest cost
               BENEFITScalculated    by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liabilities or assets is recognized as net
                            (CONTINUED)
finance cost or income. When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefits that
The current service cost is recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings under costs of services, selling and administrative.
relates to past services or the gains or losses on curtailment is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of earnings.
The net interest cost calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liabilities or assets is recognized as net
The gains or losses on the settlement of a defined benefit plan are recognized when the settlement occurs.
finance cost or income. When the benefits of a plan are changed or when a plan is curtailed, the resulting change in benefits that
relates to past services
Remeasurements      on or    the gains
                         defined        or plans
                                  benefit  losses on  curtailment
                                                 include  actuarialisgains
                                                                      recognized  immediately
                                                                           and losses,         in in
                                                                                         changes       consolidated
                                                                                                  thethe effect       statements
                                                                                                                 of the asset       earnings.
                                                                                                                                 of and
                                                                                                                              ceiling     the
The  gains
return on or
           planlosses on the
                 assets,       settlement
                         excluding   the of   a defined
                                         amount           benefit
                                                  included in netplan   are on the
                                                                    interest recognized  when the
                                                                                    net defined     settlement
                                                                                                liabilities      occurs.
                                                                                                            or assets. Remeasurements are
charged or credited to other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise.
Remeasurements on defined benefit plans include actuarial gains and losses, changes in the effect of the asset ceiling and the
return on plan assets, excluding the amount included in net interest on the net defined liabilities or assets. Remeasurements are
FUTURE
charged orACCOUNTING         STANDARD
             credited to other  comprehensiveCHANGES
                                                   income in the period in which they arise.
The following standards have been issued but are not yet effective. The Company’s preliminary assessments are subject to
change,
FUTUREas the     Company isSTANDARD
           ACCOUNTING         progressing in the   assessment of the impact of these standards on its consolidated financial statements.
                                             CHANGES
The 7 -
IAS   following    standards
           Statement           have
                         of Cash       been issued but are not yet effective. The Company’s preliminary assessments are subject to
                                    Flows
change, as the Company is progressing in the assessment of the impact of these standards on its consolidated financial statements.
In January 2016, the IASB amended IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows, to require enhanced disclosure about changes in liabilities
IAS   7 - from
arising    Statement
                financingof Cash    Flows
                            activities, including changes from financing cash flows, changes arising from obtaining or losing control of
subsidiaries or other businesses, the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates and changes in fair value. The amendments to
In January 2016, the IASB amended IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows, to require enhanced disclosure about changes in liabilities
IAS 7 are effective on October 1, 2017 for the Company and the additional disclosures will be provided in its consolidated financial
arising from financing activities, including changes from financing cash flows, changes arising from obtaining or losing control of
statements for the year ended September 30, 2018.
subsidiaries or other businesses, the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates and changes in fair value. The amendments to
IAS
IFRS7 15are-effective
              Revenue   onfrom
                           October 1,
                                Contracts2017 for
                                               withthe  Company and the additional disclosures will be provided in its consolidated financial
                                                     Customers
statements for the year ended September 30, 2018.
In May 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, to specify how and when to recognize revenue
IFRS
as  well15as- requiring
              Revenue the from  Contracts
                              provision        withinformative
                                          of more    Customersand relevant disclosures. The standard supersedes IAS 18, Revenue, IAS
11, Construction Contracts, and other revenue related interpretations.
In May 2014, the IASB issued IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, to specify how and when to recognize revenue
as
Thewell   as requiring
      standard    will bethe  provision
                          effective       of more 1,
                                     on October     informative
                                                      2018 for theand  relevant disclosures.
                                                                     Company.      Accordingly, The
                                                                                                 IFRSstandard     supersedes
                                                                                                         15 will be              IASCompany's
                                                                                                                    applied in the   18, Revenue,     IAS
                                                                                                                                                  interim
11,  Construction     Contracts,   and   other  revenue   related  interpretations.
consolidated financial statements for the three months ended December 31, 2018. The standard permits two possible transition
methods for its application: i) retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or ii) retrospectively with the cumulative
The standard will be effective on October 1, 2018 for the Company. Accordingly, IFRS 15 will be applied in the Company's interim
effect of initially applying the standard recognized on the date of the initial application. The Company has not yet selected a
consolidated financial statements for the three months ended December 31, 2018. The standard permits two possible transition
transition method.
methods for its application: i) retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or ii) retrospectively with the cumulative
effect  of initially
In preparation     forapplying  the standard
                       the conversion     to IFRS recognized   on the date
                                                    15, the Company            of the initial
                                                                         has developed         application.
                                                                                           a detailed        The Company
                                                                                                         conversion             has not of
                                                                                                                      plan consisting    yetfour
                                                                                                                                              selected
                                                                                                                                                 phases: a
transition    method.
1) awareness, 2) detailed impact assessment, 3) design and 4) implementation. As part of the awareness phase, the Company
has established a Steering Committee responsible for monitoring the progress and approving recommendations from the project
In preparation for the conversion to IFRS 15, the Company has developed a detailed conversion plan consisting of four phases:
team. The Steering Committee meets regularly and quarterly updates are provided to the Audit and Risk Management Committee.
1) awareness, 2) detailed impact assessment, 3) design and 4) implementation. As part of the awareness phase, the Company
has  establishedhasSteering
The Company                       Committee
                         completed the          responsible
                                           awareness     phaseforwhich
                                                                  monitoring
                                                                         also the    progress
                                                                               involved         and approving
                                                                                          a high-level            recommendations
                                                                                                         review of the    differences from
                                                                                                                                       betweenthe current
                                                                                                                                                  project
team.   The Steering
requirements             Committee
                  and IFRS    15. Themeets     regularly
                                         Company     is and   quarterly
                                                        progressing       updates
                                                                      through     theare provided
                                                                                      second   phaseto of  Audit and
                                                                                                       thethe                 Management
                                                                                                                        Risk plan
                                                                                                               conversion                    Committee.
                                                                                                                                   which encompasses
a detailed impact assessment of the differences identified. Generally, the Company expects that revenue from outsourcing, BPS
The Company has completed the awareness phase which also involved a high-level review of the differences between current
and systems integration and consulting services arrangements will continue to be recognized as the services are provided in a
requirements and IFRS 15. The Company is progressing through the second phase of the conversion plan which encompasses
manner that is consistent with its current accounting policies. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the
a detailed impact assessment of the differences identified. Generally, the Company expects that revenue from outsourcing, BPS
standard on the revenue recognition from software licenses and the additional disclosure requirements.
and systems integration and consulting services arrangements will continue to be recognized as the services are provided in a
manner
The         that is two
      remaining      consistent
                        phases,with    its and
                                  design    current  accounting are
                                                 implementation    policies.
                                                                        being The   Company is in
                                                                                 conducted            the up
                                                                                              concurrently process     thevaluating
                                                                                                                 untilof   effective the  impact of
                                                                                                                                     date. The         the
                                                                                                                                                 impacts
standard
on  the otheron the
                key revenue    recognition
                      elements such     as IT from   software
                                               changes,        licenses
                                                          education    andand   the additional
                                                                            training             disclosure
                                                                                       requirements,          requirements.
                                                                                                        internal control   over financial reporting and
impacts on business activities of the Company’s conversion plan will be assessed during those phases.
The remaining two phases, design and implementation are being conducted concurrently up until the effective date. The impacts
on the other key elements such as IT changes, education and training requirements, internal control over financial reporting and
impacts on business activities of the Company’s conversion plan will be assessed during those phases.




                                                                                                                                                     79
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                     21
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


3.         Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)
FUTURE ACCOUNTING
3. Summary        STANDARD CHANGES
               of significant       (CONTINUED)
                              accounting policies (continued)
IFRS 9 - Financial Instruments
FUTURE ACCOUNTING STANDARD CHANGES (CONTINUED)
In July 2014, the IASB amended IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, to replace IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and
IFRS   9 - Financial
Measurement.       The Instruments
                        standard will be effective on October 1, 2018 for the Company and is required to be applied retrospectively.
Accordingly, IFRS 9 will be applied in the interim consolidated financial statements for the three months ended December 31,
In July 2014, the IASB amended IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, to replace IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and
2018.
Measurement. The standard will be effective on October 1, 2018 for the Company and is required to be applied retrospectively.
      standardIFRS
Accordingly,
The                    9 will be
                  simplifies  the applied   in the of
                                   classification  interim consolidated
                                                      financial            financial
                                                                assets, while        statements
                                                                                 carrying forwardfor the of
                                                                                                   most     the months
                                                                                                         three                December
                                                                                                                       ended of IAS
                                                                                                                requirements             31,
                                                                                                                                    39. The
2018.
standard introduces a new impairment model, which allows the use of a simplified approach, and a new hedge accounting model
that is more closely aligned with risk-management activities. The Company has performed a high-level review of the differences
The standard simplifies the classification of financial assets, while carrying forward most of the requirements of IAS 39. The
between IAS 39 and IFRS 9. Based on the preliminary assessment performed to date, the Company does not expect a significant
standard introduces a new impairment model, which allows the use of a simplified approach, and a new hedge accounting model
impact on its consolidated financial statements.
that is more closely aligned with risk-management activities. The Company has performed a high-level review of the differences
between IAS
IFRIC           39 and 22
        Interpretation   IFRS- 9.  Based on the
                                 Foreign   Currencypreliminary  assessment
                                                        Transactions           performed to date,
                                                                        and Advance               the Company does not expect a significant
                                                                                        Consideration
impact on its consolidated financial statements.
In December 2016, the IASB issued International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) Interpretation 22, Foreign
IFRIC
CurrencyInterpretation
            Transactions22and  - Foreign
                                  Advance  Currency     Transactions
                                              Consideration,  to clarifyand
                                                                         the Advance    Consideration
                                                                              transaction date for the purpose of determining the exchange
rate to use on initial recognition of the related transactions when the Company has received or paid in advance consideration in
In December 2016, the IASB issued International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) Interpretation 22, Foreign
a foreign currency. This interpretation will be effective on October 1, 2018 for the Company, with earlier application permitted.
Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration, to clarify the transaction date for the purpose of determining the exchange
Based on the preliminary assessment performed to date, the Company does not expect a significant impact on its consolidated
rate to use on initial recognition of the related transactions when the Company has received or paid in advance consideration in
financial statements.
a foreign currency. This interpretation will be effective on October 1, 2018 for the Company, with earlier application permitted.
Based
IFRS 16  on- the  preliminary assessment performed to date, the Company does not expect a significant impact on its consolidated
             Leases
financial statements.
In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16, Leases, to set out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and
IFRS   16 - of
disclosure   Leases
                 leases for both parties to a lease agreement. The standard supersedes IAS 17, Leases, and other lease related
interpretations, eliminates the classification of leases as either operating leases or finance leases and introduces a single lessee
In January 2016, the IASB issued IFRS 16, Leases, to set out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and
accounting model. The standard will be effective on October 1, 2019 for the Company with earlier application permitted. When
disclosure of leases for both parties to a lease agreement. The standard supersedes IAS 17, Leases, and other lease related
the Company is the lessee, it is expected that the application of IFRS 16 will result in on-balance sheet recognition of most of its
interpretations, eliminates the classification of leases as either operating leases or finance leases and introduces a single lessee
lease agreements that are currently considered operating leases, which are primarily for the rental of premises. The Company
accounting model. The standard will be effective on October 1, 2019 for the Company with earlier application permitted. When
also expects a decrease of its property costs and an increase of its finance costs and amortization and depreciation resulting
the Company is the lessee, it is expected that the application of IFRS 16 will result in on-balance sheet recognition of most of its
from the change in the recognition, measurement and presentation of rental expenses.
lease agreements that are currently considered operating leases, which are primarily for the rental of premises. The Company
also expects a decrease of its property costs and an increase of its finance costs and amortization and depreciation resulting
from the change in the recognition, measurement and presentation of rental expenses.
4.         Accounts receivable

4.         Accounts receivable                                                                                  As at                                     As at
                                                                                                   September 30, 2017                       September 30, 2016
                                                                                                                       $                                       $
    Trade (Note 31)                                                                                             As at
                                                                                                             931,530                                      As at
                                                                                                                                                      816,885
                                                                                                   September 30, 2017                       September 30, 2016
    R&D and other tax credits1                                                                               246,616                                  187,047
                                                                                                                    $                                         $
    Other (Note 31)                                                                                          107,734                                   97,674
    Trade                                                                                                    931,530                                  816,885
                                                                                                          1,285,880                                1,101,606
    R&D and other tax credits                                                                                246,616                                  187,047
1
                                                                                                                107,734
    Otherand other tax credits were related to government programs in Canada, United States of America (U.S.), France,
    R&D                                                                                                                                                  97,674
                                                                                                                       United Kingdom (U.K.) and other countries.
                                                                                                             1,285,880                               1,101,606




    80
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                            22
                                                                                                                          FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


5.      Funds held for clients

5.      Funds held for clients                                                                                As at                           As at
                                                                                                 September 30, 2017             September 30, 2016
                                                                                                                     $                            $
 Cash                                                                                                         As at
                                                                                                           118,043                            As at
                                                                                                                                          173,554
                                                                                                 September 30, 2017             September 30, 2016
 Long-term bonds (Note 31)                                                                                 195,509                        195,976
                                                                                                                     $                            $
 Cash                                                                                                       313,552
                                                                                                            118,043                       369,530
                                                                                                                                          173,554
 Long-term bonds (Note 31)                                                                                  195,509                       195,976
                                                                                                            313,552                       369,530

6.      Property, plant and equipment

6.      Property, plant and equipment                                                                      Furniture,
                                                                         Land and        Leasehold      fixtures and       Computer
                                                                         buildings    improvements        equipment       equipment           Total
                                                                                 $               $         Furniture,$            $               $
 Cost                                                                    Land and        Leasehold      fixtures and       Computer
                                                                         buildings    improvements        equipment       equipment           Total
   As at September 30, 2016                                                68,576           206,193        165,807         651,742      1,092,318
                                                                                $                 $              $               $              $
   Additions                                                                2,475            16,438         12,642          89,402        120,957
 Cost
   Additions - business
                      30, acquisitions (Note 26a)                              —                673          1,206           3,609          5,488
   As at September        2016                                             68,576           206,193        165,807         651,742      1,092,318
   Disposals/retirements                                                   (4,076)          (11,141)       (13,696)        (87,158)      (116,071)
   Additions                                                                2,475            16,438         12,642          89,402        120,957
   Foreign currency   translation adjustment                               (1,335)           (1,837)        (1,943)        (12,232)       (17,347)
   Additions - business   acquisitions (Note 26a)                              —                673          1,206           3,609          5,488
 AsDisposals/retirements
    at September 30, 2017                                                  65,640           210,326        164,016         645,363      1,085,345
                                                                           (4,076)          (11,141)       (13,696)        (87,158)      (116,071)
 Accumulated     depreciation
   Foreign currency   translation adjustment                               (1,335)           (1,837)        (1,943)        (12,232)       (17,347)
   As at September    30,2017
                          2016                                             15,001           146,836         97,574         393,614        653,025
 As at September 30,                                                       65,640           210,326        164,016         645,363      1,085,345
   Depreciation   expense  (Note 23)                                        2,324            20,687         15,796         114,047        152,854
 Accumulated depreciation
   Impairment   (Notes 23 and 24)                                           4,985                —             364             558          5,907
   As at September 30, 2016                                                15,001           146,836         97,574         393,614        653,025
   Disposals/retirements                                                   (1,350)          (10,932)       (13,558)        (87,126)      (112,966)
   Depreciation expense (Note 23)                                           2,324            20,687         15,796         114,047        152,854
   Foreign currency   translation adjustment                                 (269)           (1,790)        (1,045)         (6,984)       (10,088)
   Impairment   (Notes 23 and 24)                                           4,985                —             364             558          5,907
 AsDisposals/retirements
    at September 30, 2017                                                  20,691           154,801         99,131         414,109        688,732
                                                                           (1,350)          (10,932)       (13,558)        (87,126)      (112,966)
 Net carrying   amount    as at September
                                  adjustment30, 2017                       44,949            55,525         64,885         231,254        396,613
   Foreign currency   translation                                            (269)           (1,790)        (1,045)         (6,984)       (10,088)
 As at September 30, 2017                                                  20,691           154,801          99,131        414,109        688,732
 Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2017                              44,949            55,525          64,885
                                                                                                            Furniture,
                                                                                                                           231,254        396,613
                                                                         Land and         Leasehold      fixtures and      Computer
                                                                         buildings     improvements        equipment      equipment           Total
                                                                                 $                $         Furniture,$           $               $
 Cost                                                                    Land and         Leasehold      fixtures and      Computer
                                                                         buildings     improvements        equipment      equipment           Total
   As at September 30, 2015                                                84,432           209,594        159,947          665,633     1,119,606
                                                                                $                 $              $                $             $
   Additions                                                                  650            18,987         19,085          134,322       173,044
 Cost
   Disposals/retirements                                                  (12,947)          (16,123)        (9,278)        (114,575)     (152,923)
   As at September 30, 2015                                                84,432           209,594        159,947          665,633     1,119,606
   Foreign currency translation adjustment                                 (3,559)           (6,265)        (3,947)         (33,638)      (47,409)
   Additions                                                                  650            18,987         19,085          134,322       173,044
 AsDisposals/retirements
    at September 30, 2016                                                  68,576           206,193        165,807          651,742     1,092,318
                                                                          (12,947)          (16,123)        (9,278)        (114,575)     (152,923)
 Accumulated   depreciation
   Foreign currency  translation adjustment                                (3,559)           (6,265)        (3,947)         (33,638)      (47,409)
   As at September  30,  2015                                              14,589           147,219         89,121          395,568       646,497
 As at September 30,   2016                                                68,576           206,193        165,807          651,742     1,092,318
   Depreciation  expense  (Note 23)                                         5,590            19,860         17,187          120,468       163,105
 Accumulated depreciation
   Disposals/retirements                                                   (3,673)          (16,123)        (6,522)        (102,245)     (128,563)
   As at September 30, 2015                                                14,589           147,219         89,121          395,568       646,497
   Foreign currency translation  adjustment                                (1,505)           (4,120)        (2,212)         (20,177)      (28,014)
   Depreciation  expense  (Note 23)                                         5,590            19,860         17,187          120,468       163,105
 AsDisposals/retirements
    at September 30, 2016                                                  15,001           146,836         97,574          393,614       653,025
                                                                           (3,673)          (16,123)        (6,522)        (102,245)     (128,563)
 Net carrying amounttranslation
                       as at September  30, 2016                           53,575            59,357         68,233          258,128       439,293
   Foreign currency              adjustment                                (1,505)           (4,120)        (2,212)         (20,177)      (28,014)
 As at September 30, 2016                                                  15,001           146,836          97,574        393,614        653,025
 Net carrying amount as at September 30, 2016                              53,575            59,357          68,233        258,128        439,293




                                                                                                                                                81
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                               23
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


6.      Property, plant and equipment (continued)
PP&E
6. include the following
     Property,     plantassets
                         and acquired under finance
                               equipment            leases:
                                             (continued)
PP&E include the following assets acquired under finance leases:                    As at September 30, 2017               As at September 30, 2016
                                                                                                        Net                                      Net
                                                                                   Accumulated     carrying                Accumulated      carrying
                                                                          Cost     depreciation     amount         Cost    depreciation     amount
                                                                                   As at September 30, 2017                As at September 30, 2016
                                                                              $               $           $
                                                                                                        Net           $               $            $
                                                                                                                                                 Net
                                                                                   Accumulated     carrying                Accumulated      carrying
  Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                     15,201
                                                                          Cost            6,381
                                                                                   depreciation      8,820
                                                                                                    amount
                                                                                                                 18,030
                                                                                                                   Cost           9,082
                                                                                                                           depreciation       8,948
                                                                                                                                            amount
  Computer equipment                                                    46,514
                                                                             $           29,992
                                                                                              $       16,522
                                                                                                           $     64,484
                                                                                                                      $         40,668
                                                                                                                                     $      23,816
                                                                                                                                                 $
  Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                     61,715
                                                                        15,201           36,373
                                                                                          6,381       25,342
                                                                                                       8,820     82,514
                                                                                                                 18,030         49,750
                                                                                                                                 9,082      32,764
                                                                                                                                             8,948
  Computer equipment                                                    46,514           29,992       16,522     64,484         40,668      23,816
                                                                        61,715           36,373       25,342     82,514         49,750      32,764
7.      Contract costs

7.      Contract costs                                                             As at September 30, 2017                As at September 30, 2016
                                                                                                        Net                                      Net
                                                                                   Accumulated     carrying                Accumulated      carrying
                                                                          Cost     amortization     amount         Cost     amortization    amount
                                                                                   As at September 30, 2017                As at September 30, 2016
                                                                             $                $           $
                                                                                                        Net           $                $           $
                                                                                                                                                 Net
 Transition costs                                                     420,475      Accumulated
                                                                                       185,461     carrying
                                                                                                  235,014       392,908    Accumulated      carrying
                                                                                                                               189,381 203,527
                                                                          Cost     amortization     amount         Cost     amortization    amount
 Incentives                                                            58,978$           50,936$       8,042$    97,140$        89,649$      7,491$
 Transition costs                                                     479,453
                                                                      420,475           236,397
                                                                                        185,461      243,056
                                                                                                     235,014    490,048
                                                                                                                392,908       279,030
                                                                                                                              189,381      211,018
                                                                                                                                           203,527
 Incentives                                                            58,978            50,936        8,042     97,140         89,649       7,491
                                                                      479,453           236,397      243,056    490,048       279,030      211,018




82
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                24
                                                                                                                               FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


8.      Intangible assets

8.      Intangible assets                                           Internal-use                      Business
                                                    Internal-use        software    Business          solutions                     Client
                                                        software       internally   solutions         internally   Software relationships
                                                        acquired      developed     acquired         developed     licenses     and other           Total
                                                                    Internal-use                      Business
                                                               $
                                                    Internal-use        software$   Business$         solutions$          $              $
                                                                                                                                    Client              $
 Cost                                                   software       internally   solutions         internally   Software relationships
                                                        acquired      developed     acquired         developed     licenses     and other           Total
  As at September 30, 2016                               92,824
                                                              $
                                                                         72,332
                                                                              $
                                                                                      94,209
                                                                                           $
                                                                                                      382,380
                                                                                                            $
                                                                                                                   213,777
                                                                                                                         $
                                                                                                                                  935,100
                                                                                                                                        $
                                                                                                                                                1,790,622
                                                                                                                                                        $
  Additions                                              11,815          23,201           —            43,934       19,563             —           98,513
 Cost
  Additions - business
                    30, acquisitions (Note 26a)              78              —            —                —           255         50,141          50,474
  As at September       2016                             92,824          72,332       94,209          382,380      213,777        935,100       1,790,622
  Disposals/retirements                                  (4,750)           (805)      (7,330)         (24,271)     (12,804)            —          (49,960)
  Additions                                              11,815          23,201           —            43,934       19,563             —           98,513
  Foreign currency  translation adjustment                 (920)             60       (2,835)         (14,419)      (2,916)       (19,554)        (40,584)
  Additions - business  acquisitions (Note 26a)              78              —            —                —           255         50,141          50,474
 As at September   30,  2017                             99,047          94,788       84,044          387,624      217,875        965,687       1,849,065
  Disposals/retirements                                  (4,750)           (805)      (7,330)         (24,271)     (12,804)            —          (49,960)
 Accumulated    amortization
  Foreign currency  translation adjustment                 (920)             60       (2,835)         (14,419)      (2,916)       (19,554)        (40,584)
  As at September   30, 2017
                        2016                             72,368          46,513       81,611          237,953      111,593        730,803       1,280,841
 As at September 30,                                     99,047          94,788       84,044          387,624      217,875        965,687       1,849,065
  Amortization  expense  (Note 23)                        7,232           5,102        6,120           32,758       34,640         71,181         157,033
 Accumulated amortization
  Disposals/retirements                                  (4,750)           (805)      (7,330)         (24,271)     (12,804)            —          (49,960)
  As at September 30, 2016                               72,368          46,513       81,611          237,953      111,593        730,803       1,280,841
  Foreign currency  translation adjustment                 (564)             32       (2,250)          (9,089)      (1,757)       (15,647)        (29,275)
  Amortization  expense  (Note 23)                        7,232           5,102        6,120           32,758       34,640         71,181         157,033
 As at September   30,  2017                             74,286          50,842       78,151          237,351      131,672        786,337       1,358,639
  Disposals/retirements                                  (4,750)           (805)      (7,330)         (24,271)     (12,804)            —          (49,960)
 Net carrying amount as at September 30,
  Foreign
  2017 currency translation adjustment                     (564)
                                                         24,761              32
                                                                         43,946       (2,250)
                                                                                       5,893           (9,089)
                                                                                                      150,273       (1,757)
                                                                                                                    86,203        (15,647)
                                                                                                                                  179,350         (29,275)
                                                                                                                                                  490,426
 As at September 30, 2017                                74,286          50,842       78,151          237,351      131,672        786,337       1,358,639
 Net carrying amount as at September 30,
  2017                                                   24,761          43,946        5,893          150,273       86,203        179,350        490,426
                                                                    Internal-use                      Business
                                                     Internal-use       software     Business         solutions                        Client
                                                         software      internally    solutions        internally    Software   relationships
                                                         acquired     developed      acquired        developed      licenses       and other         Total
                                                                    Internal-use                      Business
                                                                $
                                                     Internal-use       software$    Business$        solutions$           $               $
                                                                                                                                       Client           $
 Cost                                                    software      internally    solutions        internally    Software   relationships
                                                         acquired     developed      acquired        developed      licenses       and other         Total
  As at September 30, 2015                               92,959
                                                              $
                                                                         55,340
                                                                              $
                                                                                     128,370
                                                                                           $
                                                                                                      388,040
                                                                                                            $
                                                                                                                   174,095
                                                                                                                         $
                                                                                                                                  954,667
                                                                                                                                        $
                                                                                                                                                1,793,471
                                                                                                                                                        $
  Additions                                               5,669          17,112        1,943           37,501       68,683             —          130,908
 Cost
  Additions - business
                    30, acquisitions                         —               —            —                —            —           8,984           8,984
  As at September       2015                             92,959          55,340      128,370          388,040      174,095        954,667       1,793,471
  Disposals/retirements                                    (629)             —       (34,190)         (36,062)     (22,795)            —          (93,676)
  Additions                                               5,669          17,112        1,943           37,501       68,683             —          130,908
  Foreign
  Additionscurrency translation adjustment               (5,175)           (120)      (1,914)          (7,099)      (6,206)       (28,551)        (49,065)
            - business  acquisitions                         —               —            —                —            —           8,984           8,984
 As at September  30,  2016                              92,824          72,332       94,209          382,380      213,777        935,100       1,790,622
  Disposals/retirements                                    (629)             —       (34,190)         (36,062)     (22,795)            —          (93,676)
 Accumulated   amortization
  Foreign currency  translation adjustment               (5,175)           (120)      (1,914)          (7,099)      (6,206)       (28,551)        (49,065)
  As at September   30,2016
                        2015                             66,481          42,464      110,818          247,518      100,616        656,763       1,224,660
 As at September 30,                                     92,824          72,332       94,209          382,380      213,777        935,100       1,790,622
  Amortization  expense  (Note 23)                        9,880           4,066        6,467           30,341       35,583         90,558         176,895
 Accumulated amortization
  Disposals/retirements                                    (629)             —       (34,190)         (36,062)     (22,196)            —          (93,077)
  As at September 30, 2015                               66,481          42,464      110,818          247,518      100,616        656,763       1,224,660
  Foreign  currency translation adjustment               (3,364)            (17)      (1,484)          (3,844)      (2,410)       (16,518)        (27,637)
  Amortization  expense  (Note 23)                        9,880           4,066        6,467           30,341       35,583         90,558         176,895
 As at September  30,  2016                              72,368          46,513       81,611          237,953      111,593        730,803       1,280,841
  Disposals/retirements                                    (629)             —       (34,190)         (36,062)     (22,196)            —          (93,077)
 Net carrying amount as at September 30,
  Foreign
  2016 currency translation adjustment                   (3,364)
                                                         20,456             (17)
                                                                         25,819       (1,484)
                                                                                      12,598           (3,844)
                                                                                                      144,427       (2,410)
                                                                                                                   102,184        (16,518)
                                                                                                                                  204,297         (27,637)
                                                                                                                                                  509,781
 As at September 30, 2016                                72,368          46,513       81,611          237,953      111,593        730,803       1,280,841
 Net carrying amount as at September 30,
  2016                                                   20,456          25,819       12,598          144,427      102,184        204,297        509,781




                                                                                                                                                      83
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                      25
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


9.      Other long-term assets

9.      Other long-term assets                                                                                    As at                 As at
                                                                                                     September 30, 2017   September 30, 2016
                                                                                                                      $                     $
 Long-term maintenance agreements                                                                                As at
                                                                                                                25,561                  As at
                                                                                                                                      20,942
                                                                                                     September 30, 2017   September 30, 2016
 Insurance contracts held to fund defined benefit pension and life assurance                                          $                     $
   arrangements - reimbursement rights (Note 16)                                                                23,945                24,435
 Long-term maintenance agreements                                                                               25,561                20,942
 Retirement benefits assets (Note 16)                                                                           11,623                 8,797
 Insurance contracts held to fund defined benefit pension and life assurance
 Deposits
   arrangements - reimbursement rights (Note 16)                                                                10,843
                                                                                                                23,945                 9,893
                                                                                                                                      24,435
 Deferred financing
             benefitsfees                                                                                        3,292                 2,882
 Retirement           assets (Note 16)                                                                          11,623                 8,797
 Other                                                                                                           9,895                20,021
 Deposits                                                                                                       10,843                 9,893
                                                                                                                85,159                86,970
 Deferred financing fees                                                                                         3,292                 2,882
 Other                                                                                                           9,895                20,021
                                                                                                                85,159                86,970

10. Long-term financial assets

10. Long-term financial assets
                                                                                                                  As at                 As at
                                                                                                     September 30, 2017   September 30, 2016
                                                                                                                      $                    $
                                                                                                                  As at                 As at
 Deferred compensation plan assets (Notes 16 and 31)                                                            46,906
                                                                                                     September 30, 2017              42,139
                                                                                                                          September 30, 2016
 Long-term investments (Note 31)                                                                                23,047
                                                                                                                     $               27,246
                                                                                                                                          $
 Long-termcompensation
 Deferred  receivables plan assets (Notes 16 and 31)                                                            16,415
                                                                                                                46,906               10,239
                                                                                                                                     42,139
 Long-term
 Long-term derivative
           investmentsfinancial instruments (Note 31)
                         (Note 31)                                                                              24,939
                                                                                                                23,047               49,759
                                                                                                                                     27,246
 Long-term receivables                                                                                         111,307
                                                                                                                16,415              129,383
                                                                                                                                     10,239
 Long-term derivative financial instruments (Note 31)                                                           24,939               49,759
                                                                                                               111,307              129,383




84
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                         26
                                                                                                                                     FISCAL 2017 RESULTS
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes
For the yearsto  the
              ended      Consolidated
                    September    30, 2017 and 2016 Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
11. Goodwill
11. Goodwill
The Company’s operations are managed through the following seven operating segments referred to as the Company's Strategic
Business Units, namely: United States of America (U.S.); Nordics; Canada; France (including Luxembourg and Morocco) (France);
United Goodwill
11.
The  Company’s
      Company’soperations
                    operationsare  managed
                                 are  managed  through   the the
                                                   through   following   sevenseven
                                                                   following    operating   segments
                                                                                       operating         referred to
                                                                                                    segments          as theto as
                                                                                                                referred       Company's    Strategic
                                                                                                                                     the Company’s
         Kingdom (U.K.); Eastern, Central and Southern Europe (primarily Netherlands and Germany) (ECS); and Asia Pacific
Strategic Units,
Business          namely:
            Business       United
                        Units,     States of
                               namely:        America
                                          U.S.;         (U.S.);
                                                  Nordics;       Nordics;
                                                             Canada;       Canada;
                                                                         France       France (including
                                                                                   (including   Luxembourg Luxembourg      and Morocco)
                                                                                                                and Morocco)               (France);
                                                                                                                                     (France);   U.K.;
(including Australia, India and the Philippines) (Asia Pacific). The operating segments reflect the current management structure
United
Eastern, Kingdom   (U.K.);
           Central and     Eastern,
                        Southern      Central and
                                   Europe            Southern
                                            (primarily           Europe
                                                         Netherlands       (primarily
                                                                         and  Germany) Netherlands
                                                                                          (ECS); and   and
                                                                                                         AsiaGermany)
                                                                                                               Pacific (ECS);
                                                                                                                        (includingand    Asia Pacific
                                                                                                                                      Australia, India
and
The  the way
     Company’sthat the chief are
                  operations operating   decision-maker,
                                   managed     through   thewho   is theseven
                                                             following    President   and Chief
                                                                                operating        Executive
                                                                                            segments          Officer
                                                                                                         referred  to as  the Company,
                                                                                                                       of the  Company's   evaluates
(including
and         Australia,
      the Philippines) India
                        (Asiaand  the Philippines)
                               Pacific).  The        (Asia
                                                operating   Pacific).
                                                            segments    The  operating
                                                                         reflect        segments
                                                                                 the current         reflect
                                                                                               management    the current
                                                                                                                structure          the wayStrategic
                                                                                                                             management
                                                                                                                              and           structure
                                                                                                                                             that  the
the business.
Business   Units,
chiefthe way
and           thatnamely:
       operating           United
                   the chief
                  decision-maker,  States
                             operating
                                     who isof the
                                              America
                                         decision-maker,(U.S.);
                                                  President who
                                                              andNordics;
                                                                  is the
                                                                     Chief Canada;
                                                                          President
                                                                           Executive  France
                                                                                      and     (including
                                                                                          Chief
                                                                                        Officer  Executive
                                                                                                 of the    Luxembourg            Morocco)
                                                                                                                           andCompany,
                                                                                                              Officer of the
                                                                                                         Company,     evaluates            (France);
                                                                                                                                           evaluates
                                                                                                                                    the business.
United   Kingdom (U.K.); Eastern, Central and Southern Europe (primarily Netherlands and Germany) (ECS); and Asia Pacific
the business.
(including
The  CompanyAustralia, India the
                completed    and the  Philippines)
                                 annual   impairment (Asia  Pacific).
                                                        test as  at The      operating
                                                                     September          segments
                                                                                  30, 2017   and did reflect
                                                                                                       not the    current
                                                                                                            identify         management structure
                                                                                                                      any impairment.
and the way that the chief operating decision-maker, who is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, evaluates
The  Company in
     variations completed
                    goodwill the annual
                             were as      impairment test as at September 30, 2017 and did not identify any impairment.
                                       follows:
the business.
The variations in goodwill were as follows:
The Company completed the annualU.S.      impairment    test as atCanada
                                                    Nordics          September France
                                                                                  30, 2017 and did U.K.not identify
                                                                                                                  ECS anyAsia
                                                                                                                            impairment.
                                                                                                                                Pacific          Total
                                       $
The variations in goodwill were as follows:                     $               $            $               $               $                 $               $
                                    U.S.                  Nordics          Canada       France            U.K.             ECS      Asia Pacific           Total
    As at September 30, 2016           1,743,020
                                               $
                                                       1,190,615
                                                               $
                                                                         1,112,146
                                                                                 $
                                                                                       881,627
                                                                                             $
                                                                                                     839,016
                                                                                                           $
                                                                                                                      853,311
                                                                                                                            $
                                                                                                                                         313,598
                                                                                                                                               $
                                                                                                                                                     6,933,333
                                                                                                                                                             $
    Business
    As       acquisitions
       at September  30, 2016            238,322
                                       1,743,020              —
                                                       1,190,615                —
                                                                         1,112,146          —
                                                                                       881,627            —
                                                                                                     839,016               —
                                                                                                                      853,311                 —
                                                                                                                                         313,598       238,322
                                                                                                                                                     6,933,333
                                              U.S.        Nordics          Canada       France            U.K.             ECS      Asia Pacific           Total
    Foreign currency translation
    Business acquisitions                238,322              —                 —           —             —                —                  —        238,322
      adjustment                               $
                                         (95,279)              $
                                                            (709)               —$           $
                                                                                         2,092             $
                                                                                                     (14,751)               $
                                                                                                                        4,057                  $
                                                                                                                                          (7,035)            $
                                                                                                                                                      (111,625)
    Foreign
    As at   currency translation
          September30,
       at September
    Asadjustment      30,2016
                          2017         1,743,020
                                       1,886,063
                                         (95,279)
                                                       1,190,615
                                                       1,189,906
                                                            (709)
                                                                         1,112,146
                                                                         1,112,146
                                                                                —
                                                                                       881,627
                                                                                       883,719
                                                                                         2,092
                                                                                                     839,016
                                                                                                     824,265
                                                                                                     (14,751)
                                                                                                                      853,311
                                                                                                                      857,368
                                                                                                                        4,057
                                                                                                                                         313,598
                                                                                                                                         306,563
                                                                                                                                          (7,035)
                                                                                                                                                     6,933,333
                                                                                                                                                     7,060,030
                                                                                                                                                      (111,625)
    Business acquisitions                238,322              —                 —           —             —                —                  —        238,322
    As at September 30, 2017           1,886,063       1,189,906         1,112,146     883,719       824,265          857,368            306,563     7,060,030
    Foreign currency translation
      adjustment                          (95,279)           (709)             —         2,092       (14,751)             4,057           (7,035)     (111,625)
 As at
Key    September 30,in2017
    assumptions              1,886,063
                       goodwill         1,189,906
                                impairment testing                       1,112,146     883,719       824,265          857,368            306,563     7,060,030

Key key
The assumptions  in for
        assumptions goodwill  impairment
                        the CGUs are      testing
                                     disclosed in the following tables:
The key assumptions for the CGUs are disclosed in the following tables:
Key
 As atassumptions     in goodwill impairment testing
       September 30, 2017                                 U.S.   Nordics                         Canada      France           U.K.            ECS Asia Pacific

The                                                              %         %                         %           %              %               %           %
 As atkey assumptions
       September 30, 2017for the CGUs are disclosed in the following
                                                               U.S.  tables:
                                                                      Nordics                    Canada      France           U.K.            ECS Asia Pacific
     Pre-tax WACC                                                            11.7
                                                                               %
                                                                                         9.2
                                                                                          %
                                                                                                    8.9
                                                                                                     %
                                                                                                                    9.3
                                                                                                                     %
                                                                                                                                  8.1
                                                                                                                                   %
                                                                                                                                               9.0
                                                                                                                                                %
                                                                                                                                                           17.2
                                                                                                                                                             %
     Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1
     Pre-tax WACC                                                             2.0
                                                                             11.7        1.9
                                                                                         9.2        2.0
                                                                                                    8.9             2.0
                                                                                                                    9.3           1.9
                                                                                                                                  8.1          1.9
                                                                                                                                               9.0          2.0
                                                                                                                                                           17.2
    As at September 30, 2017                                                 U.S.    Nordics     Canada      France           U.K.            ECS Asia Pacific
                                                                 1
     Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows                        2.0
                                                                               %         1.9
                                                                                          %         2.0
                                                                                                     %              2.0
                                                                                                                     %            1.9
                                                                                                                                   %           1.9
                                                                                                                                                %            2.0
                                                                                                                                                              %
  Pre-tax
As at      WACC
      September 30, 2016                                                     11.7
                                                                             U.S.       9.2
                                                                                     Nordics        8.9
                                                                                                 Canada             9.3
                                                                                                                 France            8.1
                                                                                                                                  U.K.         9.0
                                                                                                                                              ECS          17.2
                                                                                                                                                     Asia Pacific
     Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1                       2.0
                                                                               %         1.9
                                                                                          %         2.0
                                                                                                     %              2.0
                                                                                                                     %            1.9
                                                                                                                                   %           1.9
                                                                                                                                                %           2.0
                                                                                                                                                              %
As at September 30, 2016                                                     U.S.    Nordics     Canada          France           U.K.        ECS    Asia Pacific
     Pre-tax WACC                                                            11.8
                                                                               %
                                                                                       10.0
                                                                                         %
                                                                                                    9.0
                                                                                                     %
                                                                                                                    9.2
                                                                                                                     %
                                                                                                                                  8.1
                                                                                                                                   %
                                                                                                                                               9.1
                                                                                                                                                %
                                                                                                                                                           19.2
                                                                                                                                                             %
     Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1
     Pre-tax WACC                                                             2.0
                                                                             11.8       1.9
                                                                                       10.0         2.0
                                                                                                    9.0             2.0
                                                                                                                    9.2           1.9
                                                                                                                                  8.1          1.9
                                                                                                                                               9.1          2.0
                                                                                                                                                           19.2
As at September 30, 2016                                                     U.S.    Nordics     Canada          France           U.K.        ECS    Asia Pacific
                                                            1
1
                  growth rate
        long-termgrowth
     Long-term
    The                        ofbased
                         rate is  net operating  cash
                                       on published    flowsresearch.
                                                    industry                  2.0
                                                                               %         1.9
                                                                                          %         2.0
                                                                                                     %              2.0
                                                                                                                     %            1.9
                                                                                                                                   %           1.9
                                                                                                                                                %            2.0
                                                                                                                                                              %
1    Pre-tax
    The       WACC
        long-term growth rate is based on published industry research.       11.8      10.0         9.0             9.2           8.1          9.1         19.2
     Long-term growth rate of net operating cash flows1                       2.0        1.9        2.0             2.0           1.9          1.9           2.0
1
    The long-term growth rate is based on published industry research.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                             27
                                                                                                                                                             85
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                             27
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


12. Provisions

12. Provisions
                                                                                  Onerous            Litigation          Decommissioning
                                                                                  leases1, 4       and claims2                 liabilities3       Restructuring4                   Total
                                                                                           $                  $                           $                        $                    $
                                                                                  Onerous            Litigation          Decommissioning
    As at September 30, 2016                                                        16,2464
                                                                                  leases 1,              9,0002
                                                                                                   and claims                     36,7063
                                                                                                                               liabilities               13,426
                                                                                                                                                  Restructuring    4            75,378
                                                                                                                                                                                  Total
    Additional provisions                                                           17,326
                                                                                         $                4,207
                                                                                                              $                         1,933
                                                                                                                                            $              72,633
                                                                                                                                                                $               96,099
                                                                                                                                                                                     $
    Utilized
    As       amounts 30, 2016
        at September                                                                (7,055)
                                                                                    16,246               (3,649)
                                                                                                          9,000                       (1,698)
                                                                                                                                      36,706              (23,047)
                                                                                                                                                           13,426              (35,449)
                                                                                                                                                                                75,378
    Reversals  of unused amounts
    Additional provisions                                                           (1,417)
                                                                                    17,326               (2,859)
                                                                                                          4,207                       (4,480)
                                                                                                                                       1,933                   —
                                                                                                                                                           72,633               (8,756)
                                                                                                                                                                                96,099
    Discount rate
    Utilized       adjustment and imputed interest
             amounts                                                                   139
                                                                                    (7,055)                  —
                                                                                                         (3,649)                         291
                                                                                                                                      (1,698)                  —
                                                                                                                                                          (23,047)                 430
                                                                                                                                                                               (35,449)
    Foreign  currency
    Reversals of      translation
                  unused  amounts adjustment                                          (278)
                                                                                    (1,417)                (127)
                                                                                                         (2,859)                        (367)
                                                                                                                                      (4,480)                 116
                                                                                                                                                               —                  (656)
                                                                                                                                                                                (8,756)
    As  at September   30, 2017
    Discount rate adjustment and imputed interest                                   24,961
                                                                                       139                6,572
                                                                                                             —                        32,385
                                                                                                                                         291               63,128
                                                                                                                                                               —               127,046
                                                                                                                                                                                   430
    Current portion translation adjustment
    Foreign currency                                                                 9,845
                                                                                      (278)               6,572
                                                                                                           (127)                       7,867
                                                                                                                                        (367)              61,870
                                                                                                                                                              116               86,154
                                                                                                                                                                                  (656)
    Non-current
    As at        portion
          September   30, 2017                                                      15,116
                                                                                    24,961                   —
                                                                                                          6,572                       24,518
                                                                                                                                      32,385                1,258
                                                                                                                                                           63,128               40,892
                                                                                                                                                                               127,046
    Current portion                                                                   9,845               6,572                         7,867              61,870               86,154
    Non-current portion                                                              15,116
                                                                                    Onerous                   —
                                                                                                      Litigation                   24,518
                                                                                                                           Decommissioning                   1,258              40,892
                                                                                   leases1, 4       and claims2                  liabilities3       Restructuring4                  Total
                                                                                            $                  $                            $                      $                    $
                                                                                    Onerous           Litigation           Decommissioning
    As at September 30, 2015                                                         39,483
                                                                                          1, 4         24,1592                     38,7533                54,640               157,035
                                                                                   leases           and claims                   liabilities        Restructuring4                Total
    Additional provisions                                                            2,639                2,168                        4,891              29,100                38,798
                                                                                         $                    $                            $                     $                   $
    Utilized amounts 30, 2015                                                      (13,492)             (10,553)                      (2,278)            (69,724)              (96,047)
    As  at September                                                                39,483               24,159                       38,753              54,640               157,035
    Reversals  of unused amounts                                                   (10,480)              (6,160)                      (1,593)                   —              (18,233)
    Additional provisions                                                            2,639                2,168                        4,891              29,100                38,798
    Discount  rate adjustment and imputed interest                                     184                   —                           433                    —                  617
    Utilized amounts                                                               (13,492)             (10,553)                      (2,278)            (69,724)              (96,047)
    Foreign  currency  translation adjustment                                       (2,088)                (614)                      (3,500)                (590)              (6,792)
    Reversals of unused    amounts                                                 (10,480)              (6,160)                      (1,593)                   —              (18,233)
    As at September
    Discount          30, 2016and imputed interest
             rate adjustment                                                        16,246
                                                                                       184                9,000
                                                                                                             —                        36,706
                                                                                                                                         433               13,426
                                                                                                                                                               —                75,378
                                                                                                                                                                                   617
    Current portion
    Foreign currency translation adjustment                                          6,362
                                                                                    (2,088)               9,000
                                                                                                           (614)                       8,582
                                                                                                                                      (3,500)              10,980
                                                                                                                                                             (590)              34,924
                                                                                                                                                                                (6,792)
    Non-current
    As           portion
       at September   30, 2016                                                       9,884
                                                                                    16,246                   —
                                                                                                          9,000                       28,124
                                                                                                                                      36,706                2,446
                                                                                                                                                           13,426               40,454
                                                                                                                                                                                75,378
1 Current portion                                                            6,362 ranges between
                                                                                             9,000 one and nine years
                                                                                                                    8,582
    As at September 30, 2017, the timing of cash outflows relating to these provisions                                (one and seven10,980            34,924
                                                                                                                                     years as at September 30,
    Non-current
    2016)         portion
           and they                                                          9,884 as at September
                     were discounted at a weighted average rate of 0.71% (0.77%                 — 30, 2016). The reversals
                                                                                                                   28,124 of unused amounts
                                                                                                                                     2,446 are mostly 40,454
                                                                                                                                                        due to
    favourable settlements.
1
2   As  at September
    As at  September 30,
                       30, 2017,
                           2017, litigation
                                 the timingand
                                             of cash outflows
                                                claims includerelating to these
                                                               provisions        provisions
                                                                           related          ranges (other
                                                                                   to tax exposure between   one
                                                                                                          than those   nine years
                                                                                                                  and related      (one and
                                                                                                                              to income     seven
                                                                                                                                         tax),      years as
                                                                                                                                               contractual   at September
                                                                                                                                                           disputes,        30,
                                                                                                                                                                     employee
    2016)   and they
    claims and   otherwere  discounted$5,254,000
                       of $1,163,000,    at a weighted
                                                    andaverage   rate
                                                         $155,000,    of 0.71% (0.77%
                                                                    respectively          as at September
                                                                                  (as at September         30, nil,
                                                                                                    30, 2016,  2016).   The reversals
                                                                                                                    $5,289,000                    amounts are The
                                                                                                                                       of unused respectively).
                                                                                                                                and $3,711,000,                  mostly  due to
                                                                                                                                                                      reversals
    favourable  settlements.
    of unused amounts     are mostly due to favourable settlements of tax exposures and employee claims and other.
2
3
        at September
    As at
    As     September 30,
                       30, 2017,  litigation and
                            2017, the              claims include
                                        decommissioning               provisions
                                                              liabilities         related
                                                                          were based    ontothe
                                                                                              taxexpected
                                                                                                  exposurecash
                                                                                                           (other   thanofthose
                                                                                                                flows            related to income
                                                                                                                            $33,034,000   ($37,472,000    contractual
                                                                                                                                                    tax), as at       disputes,
                                                                                                                                                                September        employee
                                                                                                                                                                             30, 2016) and
    claims and
    were         other at
           discounted  of a$1,163,000,   $5,254,000
                            weighted average            and0.90%
                                                  rate of    $155,000,    respectively
                                                                    (0.98% as            (as at 30,
                                                                                 at September    September
                                                                                                     2016). 30,
                                                                                                            The 2016,
                                                                                                                  timingnil,  $5,289,000
                                                                                                                           of the settlements   $3,711,000,
                                                                                                                                           and of these              rangesThe
                                                                                                                                                              respectively).
                                                                                                                                                        obligations               reversals
                                                                                                                                                                              between  one
    of unused
    and ten     amounts
              years as atare   mostly due
                            September     30,to2017
                                                favourable   settlements
                                                      (one and    eleven of    taxas at
                                                                           years    exposures
                                                                                          September  employee
                                                                                                 and 30,            The and
                                                                                                               claims
                                                                                                          2016).               other. of unused amounts are mostly due to favourable
                                                                                                                         reversals
3   settlements.
    As at September 30, 2017, the decommissioning liabilities were based on the expected cash flows of $33,034,000 ($37,472,000 as at September 30, 2016) and
4   were  discounted
    See Note         at a weighted
              24, Restructuring    average
                                costs      rate26,
                                      and Note  of 0.90% (0.98%
                                                   Investments inas at September
                                                                 subsidiaries .  30, 2016). The timing of the settlements of these obligations ranges between one
    and ten years as at September 30, 2017 (one and eleven years as at September 30, 2016). The reversals of unused amounts are mostly due to favourable
    settlements.
4
    See Note 24, Restructuring costs and Note 26, Investments in subsidiaries




86
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                                                     28
                                                                                                                                                           FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


13. Long-term debt
                                                                                                                                           As at                                 As at
13. Long-term debt                                                                                                            September 30, 2017                   September 30, 2016
                                                                                                                                               $                                    $
                                                                                                                                           As at                                 As at
    Senior U.S. unsecured notes repayable in December by tranches of $175,126 (U.S.                                           September 30, 2017                   September 30, 2016
     $140,000) in 2018 and $312,725 (U.S.$250,000) in 20211                                                                                485,401
                                                                                                                                                 $                                630,881
                                                                                                                                                                                       $
    Senior unsecured notes repayable in September by tranches of $50,036 (U.S.$ 40,000)
    Senior
      in     U.S.
         2019,     unsecured
               $68,800           notes repayable
                           (U.S.$55,000)   in 2021,in  December
                                                    $375,270        by tranches
                                                               (U.S.$   300,000)  of  $175,126
                                                                                   in 2024,     (U.S.
                                                                                            $437,815
                                                                         1
      $140,000)
      (U.S.$350,000)in 2018
                         in 7and  $312,725
                              yearly          (U.S.$250,000)
                                     payments of   U.S.$50,000  infrom
                                                                   20212018   to 2024 and $125,647                                         485,401                               630,881
                            2
      (€85,000)    in 2021                                                                                                               1,057,027                             1,102,155
    Senior  unsecured    notes repayable in September by tranches of $50,036 (U.S.$ 40,000)
                                                          3
      in 2019, $68,800
    Unsecured    committed (U.S.$55,000)
                                revolving in  2021,
                                          credit    $375,270
                                                 facility      (U.S.$ 300,000) in 2024, $437,815                                           200,000                                       —
      (U.S.$350,000) in 7 yearly payments of U.S.$50,000 from 2018 to 2024 and $125,647
    Obligations   repayable
      (€85,000) in 2021     2 in blended monthly installments maturing at various dates until
                                                                                                                                         1,057,027                             1,102,155
      2021, bearing a weighted average interest rate of 2.49% (2.57% in 2016)                                                               61,703                               111,205
    Unsecured committed revolving credit facility3                                                                                         200,000                                    —
    Obligations under finance leases repayable in blended monthly installments maturing
    Obligations
      at various repayable     in blended
                  dates until 2022,         monthly
                                      bearing        installments
                                               a weighted   average maturing
                                                                      interest at various
                                                                               rate        dates
                                                                                     of 2.89%    until
                                                                                              (3.40%
      2021,
      in 2016)bearing a weighted average interest rate of 2.49% (2.57% in 2016)                                                              61,703
                                                                                                                                             29,794                               111,205
                                                                                                                                                                                   42,172
    Obligations
    Other         underdebt
           long-term      finance leases repayable in blended monthly installments maturing                                                  28,078                                24,562
      at various dates until 2022, bearing a weighted average interest rate of 2.89% (3.40%
      in 2016)                                                                                                                           1,862,003
                                                                                                                                            29,794                             1,910,975
                                                                                                                                                                                  42,172
    Current   portion debt
    Other long-term                                                                                                                        122,467
                                                                                                                                            28,078                               192,036
                                                                                                                                                                                  24,562
                                                                                                                                         1,739,536
                                                                                                                                         1,862,003                             1,718,939
                                                                                                                                                                               1,910,975
1 Current portion                                                                                                                          122,467                                192,036
     As at September 30, 2017, an amount of $487,851,000 was drawn, less fair value adjustments relating to interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges of
     $2,208,000 and financing fees of $242,000. In December 2016, the Company repaid the matured tranche of the Senior               1,739,536
                                                                                                                                          U.S. unsecured notes for a 1,718,939
                                                                                                                                                                       total amount
     of $113,584,000. Following that repayment, the private placement financing with U.S. institutional investors is comprised of two tranches of Senior U.S. unsecured
1    notes
     As  at with a weighted
            September         average
                         30, 2017,      maturityofof 3.1
                                    an amount            years andwas drawn,
                                                   $487,851,000       weightedlessaverage   interest rate
                                                                                     fair value           of 4.76%
                                                                                                 adjustments         (4.57% in
                                                                                                               relating to       2016).
                                                                                                                           interest rate The Senior
                                                                                                                                         swaps designatedunsecured
                                                                                                                                                    U.S. as           notes
                                                                                                                                                              fair value     contain
                                                                                                                                                                          hedges  of
     covenants    andrequire
     $2,208,000that           the fees
                       financing  Company
                                       of to   maintain
                                         $242,000.    In certain
                                                         Decemberfinancial ratios (Note
                                                                     2016, the  Company  32). As at the
                                                                                            repaid      matured30,
                                                                                                    September        2017, of
                                                                                                                  tranche   thethe
                                                                                                                                Company   was in
                                                                                                                                   Senior U.S.   compliance
                                                                                                                                               unsecured          these
                                                                                                                                                            withfor
                                                                                                                                                          notes          covenants.
                                                                                                                                                                     a total amount
2    of $113,584,000. Following that repayment, the private placement financing with U.S. institutional investors is comprised of two tranches of Senior U.S. unsecured
     As at September 30, 2017, an amount of $1,057,568,000 was drawn, less financing fees of $541,000. The private placement is comprised of four tranches of
     notes with a weighted average maturity of 3.1 years and a weighted average interest rate of 4.76% (4.57% in 2016). The Senior U.S. unsecured notes contain
     Senior U.S. unsecured notes and one tranche of Senior euro unsecured note, with a weighted average maturity of 4.9 years and a weighted average interest rate
     covenants that require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 32). As at September 30, 2017, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
     of 3.62% (3.62% in 2016). The Senior unsecured notes contain covenants that require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 32). As at September
2    30, 2017,
     As at     the Company
           September          wasan
                       30, 2017,  in compliance with these covenants.
                                     amount of $1,057,568,000   was drawn, less financing fees of $541,000. The private placement is comprised of four tranches of
3    Senior U.S. unsecured notes and one tranche of Senior euro unsecured note, with a weighted average maturity of 4.9 years and a weighted average interest rate
     The Company has an unsecured committed revolving credit facility available for an amount of $1,500,000,000 that expires in December 2021. This facility bears
     of 3.62% (3.62% in 2016). The Senior unsecured notes contain covenants that require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 32). As at September
     interest at Bankers' acceptance, LIBOR or Canadian prime, plus a variable margin that is determined based on the Company's leverage ratio. As at September
     30, 2017, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
     30, 2017, an amount of $200,000,000 was drawn upon this facility at Canadian prime with no margin at a weighted average interest rate of 3.20%. Also, an amount
3
     The  Company has
     of $9,631,000  has been   committed
                        an unsecured     against this
                                       committed       facility credit
                                                  revolving      to cover   various
                                                                        facility available      credit
                                                                                             of an
                                                                                     lettersfor        issued
                                                                                                   amount    offor clients and other
                                                                                                                $1,500,000,000     thatparties.
                                                                                                                                        expiresOn   November 2021.
                                                                                                                                                 in December      7, 2017,                was
                                                                                                                                                                                 facilitybears
                                                                                                                                                                            thefacility
                                                                                                                                                                         This
     interest atby
     extended      one year
                 Bankers'    to December
                          acceptance,     2022orand
                                       LIBOR         can be prime,
                                                 Canadian       further plus
                                                                         extended.    There
                                                                               a variable     were that
                                                                                           margin   no material   changes
                                                                                                         is determined       in the
                                                                                                                          based   onterms  and conditions
                                                                                                                                     the Company's                 ratio.interest
                                                                                                                                                            including
                                                                                                                                                       leverage                    rates and
                                                                                                                                                                          As at September
     banking    an amountThe
     30, 2017,covenants.       unsecured committed
                           of $200,000,000 was drawn  revolving
                                                         upon this  credit facility
                                                                      facility      containsprime
                                                                               at Canadian    covenants
                                                                                                    with nothat require
                                                                                                             margin      the
                                                                                                                      at a    Company
                                                                                                                           weighted      to maintain
                                                                                                                                      average         certain
                                                                                                                                                interest          3.20%. ratios
                                                                                                                                                         rate offinancial         (Note
                                                                                                                                                                           Also, an       32).
                                                                                                                                                                                      amount
     As  at September
     of $9,631,000  has30, 2017,
                        been      the Company
                               committed againstwas
                                                 thisinfacility
                                                        compliance
                                                                 to coverwith  theseletters
                                                                            various   covenants.
                                                                                             of credit issued for clients and other parties. On November 7, 2017, the facility was
     extended by one year to December 2022 and can be further extended. There were no material changes in the terms and conditions including interest rates and
  banking covenants. The unsecured committed revolving credit facility contains covenants that require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios (Note 32).
Principal repayments on long-term debt, excluding fair value hedges, obligations under finance leases and financing fees, over
  As at September 30, 2017, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.
the forthcoming years are as follows:
Principal repayments on long-term debt, excluding fair value hedges, obligations under finance leases and financing fees, over
                                                                                                                            $
the forthcoming
 Less            years are as follows:
      than one year                                                                                                   109,006
    Between one and two years                                                                                                                                                     308,678
                                                                                                                                                                                        $
    Less thantwo
    Between    oneand  five years                                                                                                                                                 914,472
                   year                                                                                                                                                           109,006
    Beyond  five years                                                                                                                                                            503,044
    Between one and two years                                                                                                                                                     308,678
    Total principal
    Between         repayments
              two and  five yearson long-term debt                                                                                                                             1,835,200
                                                                                                                                                                                 914,472
    Beyond five years                                                                                                                                                            503,044
Minimum
 Total     finance
       principal     lease on
                          payments
                 repayments          aredebt
                              long-term  as follows:                                                                                                                           1,835,200

                                                                                                                                         Principal             Interest           Payment
Minimum finance lease payments are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                  $                   $                    $
    Less than one year                                                                                                                    13,408                   678             14,086
                                                                                                                                         Principal             Interest           Payment
    Between one and two years                                                                                                               7,965                  376              8,341
                                                                                                                                                $                    $                  $
    Between
         thantwo
              oneand five years                                                                                                             8,421                  261              8,682
    Less          year                                                                                                                    13,408                   678             14,086
    Total minimum
    Between        finance
              one and       lease payments
                       two years                                                                                                          29,794
                                                                                                                                           7,965                 1,315
                                                                                                                                                                   376              31,109
                                                                                                                                                                                     8,341
    Between two and five years                                                                                                             8,421                   261               8,682
    Total minimum finance lease payments                                                                                                  29,794                 1,315              31,109




                                                                                                                                                                                         87
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                                                        29
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
For
For the
    the years
         years ended
               ended September
                     September 30,30, 2017
                                      2017 and
                                            and 2016
                                                2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian
(tabular amounts  only are in thousands  of Canadian dollars,
                                                     dollars, except
                                                              except per
                                                                     per share
                                                                         share data)
                                                                               data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)

14.
14. Other
    Other long-term
          long-term liabilities
                    liabilities

14. Other long-term liabilities                                                                                     September
                                                                                                                    September
                                                                                                                                  As at
                                                                                                                                  As
                                                                                                                              30, As
                                                                                                                                     at
                                                                                                                                     at
                                                                                                                                  2017      September
                                                                                                                                                          As at
                                                                                                                                                          As
                                                                                                                                                      30, As
                                                                                                                                                             at
                                                                                                                                                             at
                                                                                                                                                          2016
                                                                                                                    September 30,
                                                                                                                              30, 2017      September
                                                                                                                                  2017      September 30,
                                                                                                                                                      30, 2016
                                                                                                                                                          2016
                                                                                                                                      $
                                                                                                                                      $                       $
                                                                                                                                                              $
                                                                                                                                      $                       $
 Deferred revenue                                                                                                             112,244
                                                                                                                                  As at               151,292
                                                                                                                                                          As at
 Deferred revenue                                                                                                             112,244                 151,292
 Deferred compensation plan liabilities (Note
                                        (Note 16)
                                              16)                                                                   September 30, 2017
                                                                                                                               48,379       September 30, 2016
                                                                                                                                                       43,844
 Deferred compensation plan liabilities (Note 16)                                                                              48,379                  43,844
 Deferred rent                                                                                                                      $
                                                                                                                               39,554                       $
                                                                                                                                                       43,118
 Deferred rent                                                                                                                 39,554                  43,118
 Deferred revenue
 Other                                                                                                                        112,244
                                                                                                                               13,259                 151,292
                                                                                                                                                        6,053
 Other
 Deferred compensation plan liabilities (Note 16)                                                                              13,259
                                                                                                                               48,379                   6,053
                                                                                                                                                       43,844
                                                                                                                              213,436
                                                                                                                              213,436                 244,307
                                                                                                                                                      244,307
 Deferred rent                                                                                                                 39,554                  43,118
 Other                                                                                                                          13,259                   6,053
                                                                                                                              213,436                 244,307

15.
15.      Income taxes
         Income taxes
                                                                                                                                    Year ended September 30
                                                                                                                                    Year ended
                                                                                                                                    Year ended September
                                                                                                                                               September 30
15.      Income taxes                                                                                                               2017
                                                                                                                                    2017
                                                                                                                                                         30
                                                                                                                                                      2016
                                                                                                                                                      2016
                                                                                                                                    2017              2016
                                                                                                                                       $
                                                                                                                                       $                  $
                                                                                                                                                          $
                                                                                                                                       $                  $
Current income tax expense                                                                                                          Year ended September 30
Current income tax expense
  Current income tax expense in respect of the current year                                                                        2017
                                                                                                                                337,331                  2016
                                                                                                                                                      294,992
  Current income tax expense in respect of the current year                                                                     337,331               294,992
  Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the income tax expense of prior years                                     $
                                                                                                                                (15,526)                    $
                                                                                                                                                       (7,413)
  Adjustments recognized in the current year in relation to the income tax expense of prior years                               (15,526)               (7,413)
Current  income
Total current       tax expense
                income     tax expense                                                                                          321,805               287,579
Total current income tax expense                                                                                                321,805               287,579
  Current   income
Deferred income tax    taxexpense
                            expense in respect of the current year                                                              337,331               294,992
Deferred income tax expense
  Adjustments      recognized
  Deferred income tax expense     in therelating
                                         currenttoyear
                                                    thein relation toand
                                                        origination   thereversal
                                                                          income tax   expense of
                                                                                  of temporary    prior years
                                                                                                differences                     (15,526)
                                                                                                                                 70,641                (7,413)
                                                                                                                                                      106,939
  Deferred income tax expense relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                                  70,641               106,939
Total current   income     tax expense
  Deferred income tax expense relating to changes in tax rates                                                                  321,805
                                                                                                                                  2,575               287,579
                                                                                                                                                        7,776
  Deferred
Deferred      income
           income     taxtax  expense relating to changes in tax rates
                           expense                                                                                                2,575                 7,776
  Adjustments      recognized     in the current year in relation to the deferred income tax expense of prior
  Adjustments
    years
  Deferred         recognized
              income tax          in therelating
                              expense    currenttoyear
                                                    thein relation toand
                                                        origination   thereversal
                                                                          deferredofincome tax expense
                                                                                      temporary          of prior
                                                                                                differences                       2,115
                                                                                                                                 70,641                   928
                                                                                                                                                      106,939
    years                                                                                                                         2,115                   928
  Recognition
  Deferred
  Recognition     of
              income previously
                  of tax           unrecognized
                              expense
                     previously                    temporary
                                        relating to changes
                                   unrecognized                differences
                                                   temporaryin tax   rates
                                                               differences                                                      (14,434)
                                                                                                                                  2,575
                                                                                                                                (14,434)              (19,153)
                                                                                                                                                        7,776
                                                                                                                                                      (19,153)
Total deferred
      deferred income
  Adjustments
Total              recognized
                  income     tax
                             tax expense
                                  in the current year in relation to the deferred income tax expense of prior
                                 expense                                                                                         60,897
                                                                                                                                 60,897                96,490
                                                                                                                                                       96,490
Totalyears
      income tax expense                                                                                                          2,115
                                                                                                                                382,702                   928
                                                                                                                                                      384,069
Total income tax expense                                                                                                        382,702               384,069
  Recognition of previously unrecognized temporary differences                                                                  (14,434)              (19,153)
Total deferred income tax expense                                                                                                60,897                96,490
Total income tax expense                                                                                                        382,702               384,069
The Company’s effective income tax rate differs from the combined Federal and Provincial Canadian statutory tax rate as follows:
The Company’s effective income tax rate differs from the combined Federal and Provincial Canadian statutory tax rate as follows:

                                                                                                                                    Year ended
                                                                                                                                    Year ended September
                                                                                                                                               September 30
                                                                                                                                                         30
The Company’s effective income tax rate differs from the combined Federal and Provincial Canadian statutory
                                                                                                        Year tax
                                                                                                        2017
                                                                                                                 rate
                                                                                                              ended   as follows:
                                                                                                                    September  30
                                                                                                                             2016   2017              2016
                                                                                                                                    2017              2016
                                                                                                                                      %
                                                                                                                                      %                  %
                                                                                                                                                         %
                                                                                                                                      %                  %
                                                                                                                                    Year ended September
                                                                                                                                    26.8                 30
Company's statutory
Company's    statutory tax
                        tax rate
                            rate                                                                                                    26.8
                                                                                                                                    2017
                                                                                                                                                      26.9
                                                                                                                                                      26.9
                                                                                                                                                      2016
Effect
Effect of foreign tax rate differences
       of foreign tax  rate differences                                                                                              1.3
                                                                                                                                     1.3                   0.9
                                                                                                                                                           0.9
                                                                                                                                      %                     %
Final determination from agreements with tax authorities and expirations of statutes of limitations                                 (0.9)                 (0.4)
Final determination from agreements with tax authorities and expirations of statutes of limitations                                 (0.9)                 (0.4)
Company's    statutory
Non-deductible          taxexempt
                  and tax   rate items                                                                                              26.8                  26.9
Non-deductible and tax exempt items                                                                                                 (0.3)
                                                                                                                                    (0.3)                 (1.0)
                                                                                                                                                          (1.0)
Effect of foreign tax  rate differences
Recognition of previously unrecognized temporary differences                                                                         1.3
                                                                                                                                    (1.0)                  0.9
                                                                                                                                                          (1.3)
Recognition of previously unrecognized temporary differences                                                                        (1.0)                 (1.3)
Final determination
Minimum    income taxfrom   agreements with tax authorities and expirations of statutes of limitations
                        charge                                                                                                      (0.9)                 (0.4)
                                                                                                                                                           0.8
Minimum income tax charge                                                                                                            0.9                   0.8
Non-deductible    and  tax exempt
Impact on deferred tax assets and   items
                                       liabilities resulting from tax rate changes                                                  (0.3)
                                                                                                                                     0.2                  (1.0)
                                                                                                                                                           0.5
Impact  on deferred
Recognition   of      tax assets
                 previously        and liabilities
                             unrecognized          resulting
                                              temporary       from tax rate changes
                                                           differences                                                               0.2                   0.5
Effective income tax rate                                                                                                           (1.0)
                                                                                                                                    27.0                  (1.3)
                                                                                                                                                          26.4
Effective income tax rate                                                                                                           27.0                  26.4
Minimum income tax charge                                                                                                            0.9                   0.8
Impact on deferred tax assets and liabilities resulting from tax rate changes                                                        0.2                   0.5
Effective income tax rate                                                                                                           27.0                  26.4




88 Group Inc.
CGI       Inc. – Consolidated
                 Consolidated Financial Statements
                                        Statements for the
                                                       the years ended
                                                                 ended September 30,
                                                                                 30, 2017 and
                                                                                          and 2016                                                           30
CGI Group
CGI Group Inc. –
               – Consolidated Financial
                              Financial Statements for
                                                   for the years
                                                           years ended September
                                                                       September 30, 2017
                                                                                     2017 and 2016                                                           30
                                                                                              2016                                                           30
                                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


15. Income taxes (continued)
The
15. continuity
      Income   of deferred
                   taxes tax balances is as follows:
                           (continued)
                                                                                              Recognized             Foreign currency
The continuity of deferred tax balances is
                                        Asas
                                           at follows:
                                               Additions from                                    in other                  translation                  As at
                                               September          business     Recognized  comprehensive Recognized   adjustment and               September
                                                 30, 2016      acquisitions    in earnings        income   in equity             other               30, 2017
                                                                                              Recognized             Foreign currency
                                                         $ Additions from
                                                     As at              $                $              $
                                                                                                 in other          $                 $
                                                                                                                           translation                       $
                                                                                                                                                         As at
 Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and     September         business      Recognized comprehensive Recognized    adjustment and               September
  other long-term liabilities                    30,81,092
                                                     2016    acquisitions
                                                                        —      in earnings
                                                                                     4,339             —
                                                                                                  income   in equity
                                                                                                                  —             (2,734)
                                                                                                                                 other               30,82,697
                                                                                                                                                         2017
 Tax benefits on losses carried forward                 $
                                                  134,725                 $
                                                                        990               $
                                                                                    (54,545)               $
                                                                                                           —             $
                                                                                                                         —                    $
                                                                                                                                         (2,277)       78,893
                                                                                                                                                            $
 Accrued  compensation
 Accounts payable,   accrued liabilities and       41,780                —            5,274                —         (4,876)             (1,348)       40,830
  other long-term liabilities                      81,092                —            4,339                —             —               (2,734)       82,697
 Retirement benefits obligations                   41,265                —           (2,876)           (3,822)           —                 (405)       34,162
 Tax benefits on losses carried forward           134,725               990         (54,545)               —             —               (2,277)       78,893
 Allowance for doubtful accounts                      598                —             (275)               —             —                   —            323
 Accrued compensation                              41,780                —            5,274                —         (4,876)             (1,348)       40,830
 PP&E, contract costs, intangible assets
 Retirement
   and other benefits
             long-termobligations
                         assets                  (136,663)
                                                   41,265            (4,116)
                                                                         —            4,217
                                                                                     (2,876)               —
                                                                                                       (3,822)           —                2,479
                                                                                                                                           (405)     (134,083)
                                                                                                                                                       34,162
 Work  in for
 Allowanceprogress
               doubtful accounts                  (79,550)
                                                      598                —           (4,836)
                                                                                       (275)               —             —               3,488
                                                                                                                                            —         (80,898)
                                                                                                                                                          323
 Goodwill
 PP&E,  contract costs, intangible assets         (56,050)               —           (7,117)               —             —               2,499        (60,668)
  and other long-term assets                     (136,663)           (4,116)          4,217                —             —               2,479       (134,083)
 Refundable tax credits on salaries               (22,216)               —           (7,569)               —             —                  —         (29,785)
 Work in progress                                 (79,550)               —           (4,836)               —             —               3,488        (80,898)
 Cash flow hedges                                  (9,035)               —              140             6,277            —                 263         (2,355)
 Goodwill                                         (56,050)               —           (7,117)               —             —               2,499        (60,668)
 Other                                                373                —            2,351             1,629            —                (382)         3,971
 Refundable tax credits on salaries               (22,216)               —           (7,569)               —             —                  —         (29,785)
 Deferred taxes, net                               (3,681)           (3,126)        (60,897)            4,084        (4,876)             1,583        (66,913)
 Cash flow hedges                                  (9,035)               —              140             6,277            —                 263         (2,355)
 Other                                                373                —            2,351             1,629            —                (382)         3,971
 Deferred taxes, net                               (3,681)           (3,126)        (60,897)             4,084      (4,876)               1,583       (66,913)
                                                                                                  Recognized                   Foreign currency
                                                     As at   Additions from                          in other                        translation         As at
                                               September           business    Recognized      comprehensive Recognized         adjustment and     September
                                                 30, 2015      acquisitions     in earnings           income    in equity                  other     30, 2016
                                                                                                  Recognized                   Foreign currency
                                                         $
                                                     As at                $
                                                             Additions from               $                 $
                                                                                                     in other           $                      $
                                                                                                                                     translation             $
                                                                                                                                                         As at
Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and      September           business    Recognized      comprehensive Recognized         adjustment and     September
  other long-term liabilities                    30,73,483
                                                     2015      acquisitions
                                                                          —     in earnings
                                                                                     10,259           income
                                                                                                           —    in equity
                                                                                                                       —                   other
                                                                                                                                         (2,650)     30,81,092
                                                                                                                                                         2016
Tax benefits on losses carried forward                  $
                                                  224,397                $
                                                                         —               $
                                                                                   (76,391)               $
                                                                                                          —             $
                                                                                                                        —                     $
                                                                                                                                        (13,281)            $
                                                                                                                                                      134,725
Accrued  compensation
Accounts payable,   accrued liabilities and        57,439               93         (23,819)               —          8,468                 (401)       41,780
  other long-term liabilities                      73,483               —           10,259                —             —                (2,650)       81,092
Retirement  benefits obligations                   32,491               —            3,041             6,565            —                  (832)       41,265
Tax benefits on losses carried forward            224,397               —          (76,391)               —             —               (13,281)      134,725
Allowance for doubtful accounts                     4,400               —           (3,698)               —             —                  (104)          598
Accrued compensation                               57,439               93         (23,819)               —          8,468                 (401)       41,780
PP&E, contract costs, intangible assets
Retirement
  and other benefits
            long-termobligations
                        assets                   (145,720)
                                                   32,491           (2,576)
                                                                        —           13,632
                                                                                     3,041                —
                                                                                                       6,565            —                (1,999)
                                                                                                                                           (832)     (136,663)
                                                                                                                                                       41,265
Allowance
Work  in for   doubtful accounts
         progress                                   4,400
                                                  (68,167)               —          (3,698)
                                                                                   (12,921)               —             —                 (104)
                                                                                                                                         1,538            598
                                                                                                                                                      (79,550)
Goodwill
PP&E,  contract costs, intangible assets          (54,807)              —           (2,309)               —             —                 1,066       (56,050)
 and other long-term                             (145,720)          (2,576)         13,632                —             —                (1,999)     (136,663)
Refundable  tax creditsassets
                        on salaries               (21,131)              —           (1,085)               —             —                    —        (22,216)
Work in progress                                  (68,167)              —          (12,921)               —             —                 1,538       (79,550)
Cash flow hedges                                  (14,061)              —              265             3,959            —                   802        (9,035)
Goodwill                                          (54,807)              —           (2,309)               —             —                 1,066       (56,050)
Other                                               2,120              154          (3,464)            1,196            —                   367           373
Refundable tax credits on salaries                (21,131)              —           (1,085)               —             —                    —        (22,216)
Deferred taxes, net                                90,444           (2,329)        (96,490)           11,720         8,468              (15,494)       (3,681)
Cash flow hedges                                  (14,061)              —              265             3,959            —                   802        (9,035)
Other                                               2,120              154          (3,464)            1,196            —                  367            373
The deferred
Deferred        tax balances are presented
         taxes, net                        as follows in
                                        90,444            the consolidated
                                                       (2,329)     (96,490) balance 11,720
                                                                                    sheets:                          8,468              (15,494)        (3,681)


                                                                                                 As at                                                  As at
The deferred tax balances are presented as follows in the consolidated balance sheets:
                                                                                    September 30, 2017                                    September 30, 2016
                                                                                                                                $                           $
 Deferred tax assets                                                                                                        As at
                                                                                                                        146,602                         As at
                                                                                                                                                   179,898
                                                                                                               September 30, 2017         September 30, 2016
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                              (213,515)                  (183,579)
                                                                                                                                $                          $
                                                                                                                         (66,913)                    (3,681)
 Deferred tax assets                                                                                                    146,602                    179,898
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                              (213,515)                    (183,579)
                                                                                                                        (66,913)                      (3,681)




                                                                                                                                                          89
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                          31
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


15. Income taxes (continued)
As
15.at September
         Income 30, taxes2017,(continued)
                                the Company had $454,027,000 ($744,092,000 as at September 30, 2016) in operating tax losses
carried forward, of which $41,205,000 ($105,505,000 as at September 30, 2016) expire at various dates up to 2037 and
$412,822,000 ($638,587,000 as at September 30, 2016) have no expiry dates. The Company recognized a deferred tax asset
As at September 30, 2017, the Company had $454,027,000 ($744,092,000 as at September 30, 2016) in operating tax losses
of $95,491,000 ($170,075,000 as at September 30, 2016) on the losses carried forward and recognized a valuation allowance
carried forward, of which $41,205,000 ($105,505,000 as at September 30, 2016) expire at various dates up to 2037 and
of $21,218,000 ($39,430,000 as at September 30, 2016). The resulting net deferred tax asset of $74,273,000 ($130,645,000 as
$412,822,000 ($638,587,000 as at September 30, 2016) have no expiry dates. The Company recognized a deferred tax asset
at September 30, 2016) is the amount that is more likely than not to be realized, based on deferred tax liabilities reversal and
of $95,491,000 ($170,075,000 as at September 30, 2016) on the losses carried forward and recognized a valuation allowance
future taxable profits. The unrecognized losses amounted to $89,954,000 ($143,700,000 as at September 30, 2016).
of $21,218,000 ($39,430,000 as at September 30, 2016). The resulting net deferred tax asset of $74,273,000 ($130,645,000 as
at September 30, 2016) is the amount that is more likely than not to be realized, based on deferred tax liabilities reversal and
As at September
future            30, 2017,
        taxable profits.      the Company had
                         The unrecognized       $658,734,000
                                           losses  amounted to($662,334,000
                                                                $89,954,000 as    at Septemberas30,
                                                                               ($143,700,000      at2016) in non-operating
                                                                                                     September   30, 2016). tax losses
carried forward that have no expiry dates. The Company recognized a deferred tax asset of $110,862,000 ($113,125,000 as at
September 30, 2016) on the losses carried forward and recognized a valuation allowance of $106,242,000 ($109,045,000 as at
As at September 30, 2017, the Company had $658,734,000 ($662,334,000 as at September 30, 2016) in non-operating tax losses
September 30, 2016). The resulting net deferred tax asset of $4,620,000 ($4,080,000 as at September 30, 2016) is the amount
carried forward that have no expiry dates. The Company recognized a deferred tax asset of $110,862,000 ($113,125,000 as at
that is more likely than not to be realized, based on deferred tax liabilities reversal and future taxable profits. The unrecognized
September 30, 2016) on the losses carried forward and recognized a valuation allowance of $106,242,000 ($109,045,000 as at
losses amounted to $640,246,000 ($638,300,000 as at September 30, 2016).
September 30, 2016). The resulting net deferred tax asset of $4,620,000 ($4,080,000 as at September 30, 2016) is the amount
that is more likely than not to be realized, based on deferred tax liabilities reversal and future taxable profits. The unrecognized
As at September
losses   amounted30,
                   to 2017,  the Company
                       $640,246,000       had $126,389,000
                                      ($638,300,000          ($557,800,000
                                                     as at September          as at September 30, 2016) of cash and cash equivalents
                                                                      30, 2016).
held by foreign subsidiaries. The tax implications of the repatriation of cash and cash equivalent not considered indefinitely
reinvested have been accounted for and will not materially affect the Company’s liquidity. In addition, the Company has not
As at September 30, 2017, the Company had $126,389,000 ($557,800,000 as at September 30, 2016) of cash and cash equivalents
recorded deferred tax liabilities on undistributed earnings of $2,779,924,000 ($2,339,815,000 as at September 30, 2016) coming
held by foreign subsidiaries. The tax implications of the repatriation of cash and cash equivalent not considered indefinitely
from its foreign subsidiaries as they are considered indefinitely reinvested. Upon distribution of these earnings in the form of
reinvested have been accounted for and will not materially affect the Company’s liquidity. In addition, the Company has not
dividends or otherwise, the Company may be subject to taxes.
recorded deferred tax liabilities on undistributed earnings of $2,779,924,000 ($2,339,815,000 as at September 30, 2016) coming
from its foreign subsidiaries as they are considered indefinitely reinvested. Upon distribution of these earnings in the form of
dividends or otherwise, the Company may be subject to taxes.
16. Employee benefits
The
16. Company
      Employeeoperates   various post-employment plans, including defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans as well
                      benefits
as other benefit plans for its employees.
The Company operates various post-employment plans, including defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans as well
DEFINED     BENEFIT
as other benefit  plansPLANS
                         for its employees.
The Company operates defined benefit pension plans primarily for the benefit of employees in U.K., Germany and France, with
smaller
DEFINED  plans  in otherPLANS
            BENEFIT      countries. The benefits are based on pensionable salary and years of service. U.K. and Germany plans
are funded with assets held in separate funds. France plan is unfunded.
The Company operates defined benefit pension plans primarily for the benefit of employees in U.K., Germany and France, with
smaller  plansbenefit
The defined     in other countries.
                      plans   exposeThethe benefits
                                           Companyareto based
                                                        intereston  pensionable
                                                                 risk,             salary
                                                                       inflation risk,     and years
                                                                                       longevity       of service.
                                                                                                 risk, currency     U.K.
                                                                                                                 risk andand Germany
                                                                                                                          market      plans
                                                                                                                                 investment
are
risk.funded  with assets  held   in separate funds. France   plan  is unfunded.
The defined benefit plans expose the Company to interest risk, inflation risk, longevity risk, currency risk and market investment
risk.




90
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                      32
                                                                                                                        FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
16. Employee          (CONTINUED)
                 benefits (continued)
The following description focuses mainly on plans registered in U.K., Germany and France:
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
U.K.
The following description focuses mainly on plans registered in U.K., Germany and France:
In U.K., the Company has three defined benefit pension plans, CMG U.K. Pension Scheme, Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance
U.K.
Scheme and Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan.
In
TheU.K.,
     CMG theU.K.
             Company   has three
                 Pension          defined
                          Scheme is        benefit
                                       closed      pension
                                              to new        plans,and
                                                      members      CMG is U.K. Pension
                                                                          closed to     Scheme,
                                                                                    further       Logica
                                                                                             accrual of rights  Pension
                                                                                                           U.K.for        & Life
                                                                                                                   existing      Assurance
                                                                                                                            members.   The
SchemeU.K.
Logica    andPension
              Logica &Defined  Benefit Pension
                        Life Assurance            Plan.
                                          Scheme is  still open but only for employees who come from the civil service with protected
pensions. Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan was created to mirror the Electricity Supply Pension Scheme and was created
The CMG U.K. Pension Scheme is closed to new members and is closed to further accrual of rights for existing members. The
for employees that worked for National Grid and Welsh Water with protected benefits.
Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme is still open but only for employees who come from the civil service with protected
pensions.   LogicaU.K.
Both the Logica    Defined  Benefit
                       Pension       Pension
                                 & Life       Plan Scheme
                                        Assurance   was created
                                                              and to mirrorDefined
                                                                   Logica    the Electricity
                                                                                    Benefit Supply     Plan areScheme
                                                                                              PensionPension     employer and
                                                                                                                            andwas  created
                                                                                                                                  employee
for employees   that worked
based contribution plans.    for National  Grid and  Welsh   Water  with  protected benefits.
Both the
The        Logica
     trustees    areU.K.
                      the Pension   & of
                           custodians  Lifethe
                                             Assurance     Scheme and
                                                defined benefit    pension Logica Defined
                                                                             plans and  areBenefit Pension
                                                                                            responsible      Planplan
                                                                                                         for the   are employer   and employee
                                                                                                                       administration,  including
based   contribution
investment              plans.
               strategies.   The trustees review periodically the investment and the asset allocation policies. As such, CMG U.K.
Pension Scheme policy is to target an allocation of 35% to return-seeking assets such as equities and 65% towards a mixture of
The trustees are the custodians of the defined benefit pension plans and are responsible for the plan administration, including
assets such as bonds and liability-driven investments such as investment funds; Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme
investment strategies. The trustees review periodically the investment and the asset allocation policies. As such, CMG U.K.
policy is to invest 20% of the scheme assets in equities and 80% in bonds; and Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan policy is to
Pension Scheme policy is to target an allocation of 35% to return-seeking assets such as equities and 65% towards a mixture of
invest 30% of the plan assets in equities and 70% in bonds.
assets such as bonds and liability-driven investments such as investment funds; Logica U.K. Pension & Life Assurance Scheme
policy is to
U.K.         invest
      Pensions     Act20%
                        2004of the scheme
                              requires        assets
                                        that full      in equities
                                                   formal           and 80%
                                                            actuarial          in are
                                                                       valuationsbonds;
                                                                                      carriedLogica
                                                                                         and out     Defined
                                                                                                  at least    Benefit
                                                                                                           every         years toPlan
                                                                                                                  threePension                  to
                                                                                                                                      policy isthe
                                                                                                                                  determine
invest  30% ofthat
contributions     the the
                       plan assets
                            Company in should
                                       equitiespayandin70%    in for
                                                          order  bonds.
                                                                     the plan to meet its statutory objective, taking into account the assets
already held. In the interim years, the trustees need to obtain estimated funding updates unless the scheme has less than 100
U.K. Pensions Act 2004 requires that full formal actuarial valuations are carried out at least every three years to determine the
members in total.
contributions that the Company should pay in order for the plan to meet its statutory objective, taking into account the assets
already
The       held. In
      latest  fundingthe interim
                        actuarialyears,  the of
                                   valuations  trustees
                                                     the need
                                                          three todefined
                                                                    obtain benefit
                                                                            estimated funding
                                                                                   pension     updates
                                                                                             plans      unless the
                                                                                                   described   abovescheme
                                                                                                                        were has   less thanas100
                                                                                                                              undertaken         at
members
Septemberin30,  total.
                    2015, of which the following reported a deficit:
The –latest
          Thefunding actuarial
               actuarial         valuations
                         valuation   of the CMGof the three
                                                    U.K.     defined
                                                         Pension        benefit
                                                                   Scheme       pension
                                                                            reported    plans of
                                                                                      a deficit described   aboveAwere
                                                                                                  $111,390,000.            undertaken
                                                                                                                     new recovery           at
                                                                                                                                    planaswas
September     30, 2015, of which   the  following  reported a  deficit:
          proposed starting January 1, 2017 and reflecting quarterly payments of $3,731,000 to cover the deficit and $293,000 to
          cover administration expenses; and
      – The actuarial valuation of the CMG U.K. Pension Scheme reported a deficit of $111,390,000. A new recovery plan was
          proposed
      – The          starting
               actuarial      January
                         valuation       1, 2017
                                     of the  Logicand  reflecting
                                                     Defined      quarterly
                                                             Benefit        payments
                                                                       Pension  Plan of  $3,731,000
                                                                                    reported a  deficit to
                                                                                                        of cover the deficit
                                                                                                           $7,882,000. A new andrecovery
                                                                                                                                  $293,000  to
                                                                                                                                         plan
          cover   administration
          was proposed            expenses;
                           starting January 1,  and
                                                  2017 and reflecting monthly payments of $154,000 to cover the deficit and $10,000
          to cover administration expenses.
      – The actuarial valuation of the Logica Defined Benefit Pension Plan reported a deficit of $7,882,000. A new recovery plan
 Germany  was proposed starting January 1, 2017 and reflecting monthly payments of $154,000 to cover the deficit and $10,000
          to cover administration expenses.
In Germany, the Company has numerous defined benefit pension plans which are all closed to new members. In the majority of
 Germany
the  plans, upon retirement of employees, the benefits are in the form of a monthly pension and in a few plans, the employees
will receive an indemnity in the form of a lump-sum payment. About one third of the plans are bound by the former Works Council
In Germany, the Company has numerous defined benefit pension plans which are all closed to new members. In the majority of
agreements. There are no mandatory funding requirements. The plans are funded by the contributions made by the Company.
the plans, upon retirement of employees, the benefits are in the form of a monthly pension and in a few plans, the employees
In some plans, insurance policies are taken out to fund retirement benefit plans. These do not qualify as plan assets and are
will receive an indemnity in the form of a lump-sum payment. About one third of the plans are bound by the former Works Council
presented as reimbursement rights.
agreements. There are no mandatory funding requirements. The plans are funded by the contributions made by the Company.
In some plans, insurance policies are taken out to fund retirement benefit plans. These do not qualify as plan assets and are
France
presented as reimbursement rights.
In France, the retirement indemnities are provided in accordance with the Labour Code. Upon retirement, employees will receive
France
an  indemnity, depending on the salary and seniority in the Company, in the form of a lump-sum payment.
In France, the retirement indemnities are provided in accordance with the Labour Code. Upon retirement, employees will receive
an indemnity, depending on the salary and seniority in the Company, in the form of a lump-sum payment.




                                                                                                                                               91
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                              33
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
16. Employee          (CONTINUED)
                 benefits (continued)
The following tables present amounts for post-employment benefits plans included in the consolidated balance sheets:
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The following tables present amounts for post-employment benefits plans included in the consolidated balance sheets:
 As at September 30, 2017                                        U.K.           Germany               France      Other         Total
                                                                    $                   $                  $          $             $
 Defined
 As       benefit obligations
    at September  30, 2017                                  (792,216)
                                                                 U.K.            (87,995)
                                                                                Germany              (52,546)
                                                                                                      France    (58,933)
                                                                                                                  Other     (991,690)
                                                                                                                                Total
 Fair value of plan assets                                  763,859
                                                                  $               12,088
                                                                                       $                  —
                                                                                                          $     25,074
                                                                                                                     $       801,021
                                                                                                                                   $
 Defined benefit obligations                                 (28,357)
                                                            (792,216)            (75,907)
                                                                                 (87,995)            (52,546)
                                                                                                     (52,546)   (33,859)
                                                                                                                (58,933)    (190,669)
                                                                                                                            (991,690)
 Fair value of
 Fair value      reimbursement
              of plan assets    rights                            —
                                                             763,859              22,863
                                                                                  12,088                  —
                                                                                                          —       1,082
                                                                                                                 25,074       23,945
                                                                                                                             801,021
 Net liability recognized in the balance sheet               (28,357)
                                                             (28,357)            (53,044)
                                                                                 (75,907)            (52,546)
                                                                                                     (52,546)   (32,777)
                                                                                                                (33,859)    (166,724)
                                                                                                                            (190,669)
 Fair value of reimbursement rights                                —              22,863                  —      1,082        23,945
 Presented as:
 Net liability recognized in the balance sheet               (28,357)            (53,044)            (52,546)   (32,777)    (166,724)
 Other long-term assets (Note 9)
 Presented
  Insuranceas:
             contracts held to fund defined
    benefit pension  and (Note
                          life assurance
 Other
    arrangementsassets
       long-term                 9)
                   - reimbursement    rights                       —              22,863                  —      1,082        23,945
  Insurance  contracts  held  to fund defined
  Retirement  benefits  assets                                11,316                  —                   —         307       11,623
    benefit pension  and  life assurance
    arrangements
 Retirement        - obligations
             benefitsreimbursement rights                         —
                                                             (39,673)             22,863
                                                                                 (75,907)                 —
                                                                                                     (52,546)     1,082
                                                                                                                (34,166)      23,945
                                                                                                                            (202,292)
   Retirement benefits assets                                (28,357)
                                                              11,316             (53,044)
                                                                                      —              (52,546)
                                                                                                          —     (32,777)
                                                                                                                    307     (166,724)
                                                                                                                              11,623
 Retirement benefits obligations                             (39,673)            (75,907)            (52,546)   (34,166)    (202,292)
                                                             (28,357)            (53,044)            (52,546)   (32,777)    (166,724)

 As at September 30, 2016                                        U.K.            Germany              France      Other          Total
                                                                    $                   $                  $          $             $
 Defined
 As       benefit30,
    at September  obligations
                     2016                                   (814,156)
                                                                 U.K.            (97,392)
                                                                                 Germany             (58,565)
                                                                                                       France   (60,041)
                                                                                                                  Other    (1,030,154)
                                                                                                                                 Total
 Fair value of plan assets                                  792,665
                                                                  $               12,403
                                                                                       $                  —
                                                                                                          $     17,575
                                                                                                                     $       822,643
                                                                                                                                   $
 Defined benefit obligations                                 (21,491)
                                                            (814,156)            (84,989)
                                                                                 (97,392)            (58,565)
                                                                                                     (58,565)   (42,466)
                                                                                                                (60,041)     (207,511)
                                                                                                                           (1,030,154)
 Fair value of
 Fair value      reimbursement
              of plan assets    rights                            —
                                                             792,665              23,269
                                                                                  12,403                  —
                                                                                                          —       1,166
                                                                                                                 17,575        24,435
                                                                                                                              822,643
 Net liability recognized in the balance sheet               (21,491)
                                                             (21,491)            (61,720)
                                                                                 (84,989)            (58,565)
                                                                                                     (58,565)   (41,300)
                                                                                                                (42,466)    (183,076)
                                                                                                                            (207,511)
 Fair value of reimbursement rights                                —              23,269                  —      1,166        24,435
 Presented as:
 Net liability recognized in the balance sheet               (21,491)            (61,720)            (58,565)   (41,300)    (183,076)
 Other long-term assets (Note 9)
  Insuranceas:
 Presented   contracts held to fund defined
    benefit pension and life assurance
 Other long-term -
    arrangements assets (Note
                     reimbursement
                               9)    rights                        —              23,269                  —      1,166        24,435
  Insurance
  Retirementcontracts
              benefits held  to fund defined
                        assets                                 8,797                   —                  —          —         8,797
    benefit pension and life assurance
 Retirement  benefits
    arrangements      obligations
                   - reimbursement   rights                  (30,288)
                                                                  —              (84,989)
                                                                                  23,269             (58,565)
                                                                                                          —     (42,466)
                                                                                                                  1,166     (216,308)
                                                                                                                              24,435
   Retirement benefits assets                                (21,491)
                                                               8,797             (61,720)
                                                                                      —              (58,565)
                                                                                                          —     (41,300)
                                                                                                                     —      (183,076)
                                                                                                                               8,797
 Retirement benefits obligations                             (30,288)            (84,989)            (58,565)   (42,466)    (216,308)
                                                             (21,491)            (61,720)            (58,565)   (41,300)    (183,076)




92
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                  34
                                                                                                                FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
16. Employee          (CONTINUED)
                 benefits (continued)
DEFINED
 Defined   BENEFIT
         benefit         PLANS (CONTINUED)
                 obligations                                       U.K.           Germany            France     Other          Total
                                                                      $                   $                $        $              $
    As at benefit
          September 30,
    Defined              2016
                  obligations                                  814,156
                                                                   U.K.            97,392
                                                                                  Germany            58,565
                                                                                                     France    60,041
                                                                                                                Other     1,030,154
                                                                                                                               Total
    Obligations extinguished on settlements                          —
                                                                     $                   —
                                                                                         $               —
                                                                                                         $     (1,029)
                                                                                                                    $         (1,029)
                                                                                                                                   $
    Current
    As       service cost
       at September    30, 2016                                  1,552
                                                               814,156                 878
                                                                                    97,392            4,906
                                                                                                     58,565     4,735
                                                                                                               60,041        12,071
                                                                                                                          1,030,154
    Interest costextinguished on settlements
    Obligations                                                 18,147
                                                                    —                  982
                                                                                        —               599
                                                                                                         —      2,778
                                                                                                               (1,029)       22,506
                                                                                                                             (1,029)
    Actuarialservice
    Current   gains due
                      costto change in financial                 1,552                  878           4,906     4,735        12,071
      assumptions1                                             (22,195)              (9,055)         (8,625)   (1,884)      (41,759)
    Interest cost                                               18,147                  982             599     2,778        22,506
    Actuarial gains due to change in demographic
    Actuarial gains1 due to change in financial
      assumptions                                              (12,043)                  —           (2,395)     (626)      (15,064)
      assumptions1                                             (22,195)              (9,055)         (8,625)   (1,884)      (41,759)
    Actuarial losses (gains) due to experience1                 25,041                  422            (209)      339        25,593
    Actuarial gains due to change in demographic
    Plan participant
      assumptions   1 contributions                                113
                                                               (12,043)                  —
                                                                                         —               —
                                                                                                     (2,395)       —
                                                                                                                 (626)          113
                                                                                                                            (15,064)
    Actuarial paid
    Benefits       from
              losses    the plan
                      (gains) due to experience1               (18,065)
                                                                25,041               (1,033)
                                                                                        422              —
                                                                                                       (209)   (3,377)
                                                                                                                  339       (22,475)
                                                                                                                             25,593
    Benefits
    Plan     paid directly
         participant       by employer
                     contributions                                  —
                                                                   113               (1,634)
                                                                                         —             (305)
                                                                                                         —       (708)
                                                                                                                   —         (2,647)
                                                                                                                                113
                                           1
    Foreign
    Benefits paid from the plan adjustment
             currency translation                              (14,490)
                                                               (18,065)                  43
                                                                                     (1,033)             10
                                                                                                         —     (1,336)
                                                                                                               (3,377)      (15,773)
                                                                                                                            (22,475)
    As at September
    Benefits           30,by
             paid directly  2017
                              employer                         792,216
                                                                    —               87,995
                                                                                    (1,634)          52,546
                                                                                                       (305)   58,933
                                                                                                                 (708)      991,690
                                                                                                                             (2,647)
    Defined benefit obligations of unfunded 1plans
    Foreign currency translation adjustment                         —
                                                               (14,490)                 —
                                                                                        43           52,546
                                                                                                         10    33,353
                                                                                                               (1,336)       85,899
                                                                                                                            (15,773)
    Defined
    As at benefit   obligations
          September 30,   2017 of funded plans                 792,216
                                                               792,216              87,995
                                                                                    87,995               —
                                                                                                     52,546    25,580
                                                                                                               58,933       905,791
                                                                                                                            991,690
    As at September   30, 2017
    Defined benefit obligations of unfunded plans              792,216
                                                                    —               87,995
                                                                                        —            52,546
                                                                                                     52,546    58,933
                                                                                                               33,353       991,690
                                                                                                                             85,899
    Defined benefit obligations of funded plans                792,216              87,995               —     25,580       905,791
    As at September 30, 2017                                   792,216              87,995           52,546    58,933       991,690

    Defined benefit obligations                                    U.K.           Germany            France     Other          Total
                                                                      $                   $               $         $             $
    As at September
    Defined             30, 2015
            benefit obligations                                753,583
                                                                   U.K.            82,380
                                                                                  Germany            49,603
                                                                                                      France   48,727
                                                                                                                Other       934,293
                                                                                                                               Total
    Liabilities assumed in business acquisitions                     —
                                                                     $                   —
                                                                                         $              381
                                                                                                          $        —
                                                                                                                   $            381
                                                                                                                                  $
    Current
    As        service cost
       at September    30, 2015                                  1,133
                                                               753,583                 808
                                                                                    82,380            4,314
                                                                                                     49,603     5,720
                                                                                                               48,727        11,975
                                                                                                                            934,293
    Liabilitiescost
    Interest    assumed in business acquisitions                26,177
                                                                    —                1,911
                                                                                        —             1,172
                                                                                                        381     2,529
                                                                                                                   —         31,789
                                                                                                                                381
    Actuarial losses cost
    Current service   due to change in financial                 1,133                 808            4,314     5,720        11,975
      assumptions1                                             199,229              15,576            8,178     4,849       227,832
    Interest cost                                               26,177               1,911            1,172     2,529        31,789
    Actuarial (gains) losses due to change in
    Actuarial lossesassumptions
      demographic     due to change
                                 1
                                     in financial               (8,853)                 —            (3,870)      121       (12,602)
      assumptions1                                             199,229              15,576            8,178     4,849       227,832
    Actuarial losses due to experience1                             64                 257               43       209           573
    Actuarial (gains) losses due to change in
    Past service cost
      demographic   assumptions1                                    —
                                                                (8,853)                 —
                                                                                        —                —
                                                                                                     (3,870)    3,552
                                                                                                                  121         3,552
                                                                                                                            (12,602)
    Actuarial losses contributions
    Plan  participant due to experience1                           181
                                                                    64                  —
                                                                                       257               —
                                                                                                         43        22
                                                                                                                  209           203
                                                                                                                                573
    Benefits
    Past     paidcost
         service  from the plan                                (21,781)
                                                                    —                 (225)
                                                                                        —                —
                                                                                                         —     (2,085)
                                                                                                                3,552       (24,091)
                                                                                                                              3,552
    Benefits
    Plan     paid directly
         participant       by employer
                     contributions                                  —
                                                                   181              (1,926)
                                                                                        —              (577)
                                                                                                         —     (1,882)
                                                                                                                   22        (4,385)
                                                                                                                                203
                                            1
    Foreign
    Benefits currency
             paid fromtranslation
                        the plan adjustment                   (135,577)
                                                               (21,781)             (1,389)
                                                                                      (225)            (679)
                                                                                                         —     (1,721)
                                                                                                               (2,085)     (139,366)
                                                                                                                            (24,091)
    As at September
    Benefits          30, 2016
             paid directly by employer                         814,156
                                                                    —               97,392
                                                                                    (1,926)          58,565
                                                                                                       (577)   60,041
                                                                                                               (1,882)    1,030,154
                                                                                                                             (4,385)
    Defined benefit obligations
    Foreign currency translationofadjustment
                                   unfunded 1plans                  —
                                                              (135,577)                 —
                                                                                    (1,389)          58,565
                                                                                                       (679)   34,436
                                                                                                               (1,721)       93,001
                                                                                                                           (139,366)
    Defined
    As      benefit 30,
       at September obligations
                         2016 of funded plans                  814,156
                                                               814,156              97,392
                                                                                    97,392               —
                                                                                                     58,565    25,605
                                                                                                               60,041       937,153
                                                                                                                          1,030,154
    As at September
    Defined benefit 30, 2016 of unfunded plans
                   obligations                                 814,156
                                                                    —               97,392
                                                                                        —            58,565
                                                                                                     58,565    60,041
                                                                                                               34,436     1,030,154
                                                                                                                             93,001
1   Defined
     Amountsbenefit obligations
             recognized in other of funded plans
                                 comprehensive income.         814,156              97,392               —     25,605       937,153
    As at September 30, 2016                                   814,156              97,392           58,565    60,041     1,030,154
1
     Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                                 93
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                35
Consolidated financial statements

Notes
 Notestotothe
            theConsolidated
                ConsolidatedFinancial
                             FinancialStatements
                                       Statements
ForFor
     thethe
         years
            years
               ended
                  ended
                      September
                         September 30,30,
                                       2017
                                          2017
                                             andand
                                                  2016
                                                    2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular
   (tabular
          amounts
            amountsonly
                     only
                        areare
                            in in
                               thousands
                                  thousandsof of
                                              Canadian
                                                 Canadian
                                                       dollars,
                                                          dollars,
                                                                except
                                                                   except
                                                                       perper
                                                                           share
                                                                              share
                                                                                 data)
                                                                                    data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16.16.Employee
       Employeebenefits
                 benefits
                        (continued)
                          (continued)
DEFINED
16.DEFINED
         BENEFIT
           BENEFIT
      Employee   PLANS
                   PLANS
                       (CONTINUED)
                         (CONTINUED)
                  benefits (continued)
    Plan
       Plan
         assets
            assets
                andand
                    reimbursement
                       reimbursement
                                  rights
                                     rights                         U.K.U.K.       Germany
                                                                                      Germany             France
                                                                                                             France   Other
                                                                                                                         Other           Total
                                                                                                                                            Total
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
                                                                        $ $                 $ $                $ $          $ $             $ $

    Planat
    As As at
           September
             September
         assets and   30,30,
                          2016
                             2016 rights
                    reimbursement                               792,665
                                                                  792,665
                                                                    U.K.            35,672
                                                                                       35,672
                                                                                   Germany                    ——
                                                                                                          France          18,741
                                                                                                                       18,741
                                                                                                                      Other            847,078
                                                                                                                                     847,078
                                                                                                                                        Total
    Assets
      Assets
           distributed
              distributed
                       on on
                          settlements
                             settlements                              —
                                                                      $ —                 —
                                                                                          $ —                 —
                                                                                                              $ —        (449)
                                                                                                                            (449)
                                                                                                                            $            (449)
                                                                                                                                            (449)
                                                                                                                                            $
    As Interest
    Interest income
                income
       at September  on
                      30,on
                         plan
                            plan
                              assets
                           2016  assets                          17,628
                                                                    17,628
                                                                792,665                 364364
                                                                                     35,672                  —
                                                                                                             ——            1,157
                                                                                                                        1,157
                                                                                                                       18,741            19,149
                                                                                                                                      19,149
                                                                                                                                     847,078
    Employer
       Employercontributions
                  contributions
    Assets distributed on settlements                            17,651
                                                                    17,651
                                                                     —                1,411
                                                                                         1,411
                                                                                         —                  305
                                                                                                             —305      11,482
                                                                                                                          11,482
                                                                                                                         (449)        30,849
                                                                                                                                         30,849
                                                                                                                                        (449)
                                                    1  1
       Return
    Return
    Intereston on
                assets
             incomeassets
                        excluding
                           excluding
                      on plan      interest
                              assets   interest
                                            income
                                                income          (29,635)
                                                                   (29,635)
                                                                 17,628                  380380
                                                                                         364                 ——
                                                                                                             —            532532
                                                                                                                        1,157            (28,723)
                                                                                                                                      (28,723)
                                                                                                                                       19,149
    Plan
       Plan
          participants
    Employer participants
                       contributions
                           contributions
                contributions                                       113113
                                                                 17,651                   ——
                                                                                       1,411                 ——
                                                                                                            305            ——
                                                                                                                       11,482             113113
                                                                                                                                       30,849
       Benefits
    Return onpaid
    Benefits     paid
                  from
               assets from
                         thethe
                             plan
                       excludingplan
                                  interest income1              (18,065)
                                                                   (18,065)
                                                                (29,635)              (1,033)
                                                                                         (1,033)
                                                                                         380                 ——
                                                                                                             —            (3,377)
                                                                                                                       (3,377)
                                                                                                                          532            (22,475)
                                                                                                                                      (22,475)
                                                                                                                                      (28,723)
       Benefits
    Benefits paidpaid
                  directly
                      directly
                            by employer
                               by employer
    Plan participants contributions                                  ——
                                                                    113                  (1,634)
                                                                                      (1,634)
                                                                                          —                   (305)
                                                                                                           (305)
                                                                                                             —           (708)
                                                                                                                           —(708)      (2,647)
                                                                                                                                          (2,647)
                                                                                                                                          113
       Administration
    Administration
    Benefits        expenses
             paid from expenses
                        the    paid
                            plan  paid
                                    from
                                       from
                                          thethe
                                              plan
                                                 plan            (2,108)
                                                                    (2,108)
                                                                (18,065)                  ——
                                                                                      (1,033)                —
                                                                                                             ——             (113)
                                                                                                                         (113)
                                                                                                                       (3,377)           (2,221)
                                                                                                                                      (2,221)
                                                                                                                                     (22,475)
                                               1  1
       Foreign
    Foreign
    Benefits currency
                currency
             paid     translation
                          translation
                  directly by      adjustment
                              employeradjustment                (14,390)
                                                                   (14,390)
                                                                     —                 (209)
                                                                                          (209)
                                                                                     (1,634)                 ——
                                                                                                           (305)       (1,109)
                                                                                                                          (1,109)
                                                                                                                         (708)          (15,708)
                                                                                                                                     (15,708)
                                                                                                                                      (2,647)
       at at
    As As September
              September
    Administration     30,30,
                    expenses2017
                               2017from the plan
                               paid                             763,859
                                                                  763,859
                                                                 (2,108)             34,951
                                                                                        34,951
                                                                                         —                   ——
                                                                                                             —         26,156
                                                                                                                          26,156
                                                                                                                         (113)         824,966
                                                                                                                                     824,966
                                                                                                                                      (2,221)
    Plan
       Plan
         assets
    Foreign assets
            currency translation adjustment1                    763,859
                                                                  763,859
                                                                (14,390)             12,088
                                                                                        12,088
                                                                                       (209)                  —
                                                                                                              ——       25,074
                                                                                                                          25,074
                                                                                                                       (1,109)       801,021
                                                                                                                                       801,021
                                                                                                                                     (15,708)
    Reimbursement
       Reimbursement
    As at September rights
                        rights
                      30,  2017                                      ——
                                                                763,859              22,863
                                                                                        22,863
                                                                                     34,951                   ——
                                                                                                              —         1,082
                                                                                                                           1,082
                                                                                                                       26,156         23,945
                                                                                                                                         23,945
                                                                                                                                     824,966
    As As
       at at
    Plan  September
             September
         assets     30,30,
                        2017
                           2017                                 763,859
                                                                  763,859
                                                                763,859              34,951
                                                                                        34,951
                                                                                     12,088                   ——
                                                                                                              —           26,156
                                                                                                                       26,156
                                                                                                                       25,074          824,966
                                                                                                                                     824,966
                                                                                                                                     801,021
    Reimbursement rights                                              —              22,863                   —         1,082         23,945
    As at September 30, 2017                                    763,859              34,951                   —        26,156        824,966
    PlanPlan
         assets
             assets
                andand
                    reimbursement
                        reimbursement
                                  rights
                                      rights                         U.K.U.K.       Germany
                                                                                       Germany            France
                                                                                                             France      Other
                                                                                                                            Other        Total
                                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                        $ $                 $ $                $ $          $ $             $ $

    Planat
    As As at
           September
             September
         assets and    30,30,
                           2015
                              2015rights
                    reimbursement                               726,224
                                                                  726,224
                                                                    U.K.             35,120
                                                                                        35,120
                                                                                    Germany                   ——
                                                                                                          France          16,207
                                                                                                                       16,207
                                                                                                                        Other          777,551
                                                                                                                                     777,551
                                                                                                                                        Total
    Interest
       Interest
             income
                income
                    on on
                       plan
                          plan
                            assets
                               assets                            25,494
                                                                    25,494
                                                                      $                  813
                                                                                           $813               —
                                                                                                              $ —       1,087
                                                                                                                           1,087
                                                                                                                            $         27,394
                                                                                                                                         27,394
                                                                                                                                           $
    Employer
    As Employercontributions
                  contributions
       at September    30, 2015                                  17,896
                                                                    17,896
                                                                726,224               2,024
                                                                                         2,024
                                                                                     35,120                 577
                                                                                                             —577       5,302
                                                                                                                           5,302
                                                                                                                       16,207         25,799
                                                                                                                                         25,799
                                                                                                                                     777,551
                                                   1  1
       Return
    Return  on on
                assets
    Interest incomeassets
                     onexcluding
                           excluding
                         plan     interest
                              assets  interest
                                           income
                                               income             178,033
                                                                178,033
                                                                 25,494                 813437
                                                                                        437                  —
                                                                                                             ——         1,087597
                                                                                                                          597        179,067
                                                                                                                                       179,067
                                                                                                                                      27,394
    Plan
       Plan
         participants
    Employer participants
                       contributions
                           contributions
               contributions                                        181181
                                                                 17,896                   ——
                                                                                       2,024                 ——
                                                                                                            577            22 22
                                                                                                                        5,302            203203
                                                                                                                                      25,799
       Benefits
    Benefits
    Return onpaidpaid
                   from
               assets from
                         thethe
                             plan
                       excluding plan
                                   interest income1             (21,781)
                                                                   (21,781)
                                                                178,033                 (225)
                                                                                           (225)
                                                                                         437                 ——
                                                                                                             —            (2,085)
                                                                                                                       (2,085)
                                                                                                                          597           (24,091)
                                                                                                                                     (24,091)
                                                                                                                                     179,067
       Benefits
    Benefits
    Plan     paidpaid
                  directly
         participants directly
                           by  employer
                               by employer
                      contributions                                  ——
                                                                    181               (1,926)
                                                                                         (1,926)
                                                                                          —                (577)
                                                                                                             —(577)       (1,882)
                                                                                                                       (1,882)
                                                                                                                           22            (4,385)
                                                                                                                                      (4,385)
                                                                                                                                         203
    Administration
    Benefits paid from the plan paid
       Administration
                    expenses
                       expensespaid from
                                       from
                                          thethe
                                              plan
                                                 plan            (1,839)
                                                                    (1,839)
                                                                (21,781)                  ——
                                                                                        (225)                —
                                                                                                             ——            (3) (3)
                                                                                                                       (2,085)         (1,842)
                                                                                                                                          (1,842)
                                                                                                                                      (24,091)
                                              1  1
       Foreign
    Foreign
    Benefits currency
                currency
             paid     translation
                  directlytranslation
                                   adjustment
                           by employeradjustment               (131,543)
                                                                  (131,543)
                                                                     —                 (571)
                                                                                          (571)
                                                                                     (1,926)                 ——
                                                                                                           (577)         (504)
                                                                                                                            (504)
                                                                                                                       (1,882)          (132,618)
                                                                                                                                     (132,618)
                                                                                                                                       (4,385)
       As
    As at September
          at September
    Administration    30, 30,
                   expenses2016
                              2016
                               paid from the plan               792,665
                                                                  792,665
                                                                 (1,839)             35,672
                                                                                        35,672
                                                                                         —                   ——
                                                                                                             —            18,741
                                                                                                                       18,741
                                                                                                                           (3)          847,078
                                                                                                                                      847,078
                                                                                                                                       (1,842)
    Plan
       Plan
         assets
    Foreign assets
            currency translation adjustment1                    792,665
                                                                  792,665
                                                               (131,543)             12,403
                                                                                        12,403
                                                                                       (571)                  ——
                                                                                                              —        17,575
                                                                                                                          17,575
                                                                                                                         (504)        822,643
                                                                                                                                        822,643
                                                                                                                                     (132,618)
    As at Septemberrights
    Reimbursement
       Reimbursement 30,rights
                          2016                                       ——
                                                                792,665              23,269
                                                                                        23,269
                                                                                     35,672                   —
                                                                                                              ——        1,166
                                                                                                                           1,166
                                                                                                                       18,741         24,435
                                                                                                                                         24,435
                                                                                                                                     847,078
    As As at
       at
    Plan  September
             September
          assets    30,30,
                        2016
                           2016                                 792,665
                                                                  792,665
                                                                792,665              35,672
                                                                                        35,672
                                                                                     12,403                   ——
                                                                                                              —           18,741
                                                                                                                       18,741
                                                                                                                       17,575          847,078
                                                                                                                                     847,078
                                                                                                                                     822,643
1   Reimbursement
     1
     Amounts
       Amounts       rights
             recognized
                recognized
                         in in
                           other
                               other
                                 comprehensive
                                     comprehensive
                                               income.
                                                   income.            —              23,269                   —         1,166         24,435
    As at September 30, 2016                                    792,665              35,672                   —        18,741        847,078
1
     Amounts recognized in other comprehensive income.




    94
CGICGI
    Group
       Group
          Inc. –
              Inc. –
                 Consolidated
                     Consolidated
                              Financial
                                  Financial
                                        Statements
                                            Statements
                                                   for for years
                                                       the the years
                                                                 ended
                                                                     ended
                                                                        September
                                                                           September
                                                                                  30, 30,
                                                                                      20172017
                                                                                            andand
                                                                                                2016
                                                                                                   2016                                     36 36
                                                                                                                                   FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
16. Employee          (CONTINUED)
                 benefits (continued)
The plan assets at the end of the years consist of:
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
 As atplan
The    September
           assets30,
                  at2017
                     the end of the years consist of:                   U.K.           Germany                France                Other                 Total
                                                                           $                   $                    $                   $                     $
    Quoted equities
    As at September 30, 2017
                                                                   233,871
                                                                       U.K.
                                                                                            —
                                                                                       Germany
                                                                                                                  —
                                                                                                              France
                                                                                                                                      —
                                                                                                                                   Other
                                                                                                                                                      233,871
                                                                                                                                                         Total
    Quoted bonds                                                   183,729$
                                                                                            —$
                                                                                                                  —$
                                                                                                                                     123
                                                                                                                                       $
                                                                                                                                                      183,852$
    Propertyequities                                                32,353                  —                     —                   —                32,353
    Quoted                                                         233,871                  —                     —                   —               233,871
    Cash                                                            75,044                  —                     —                   51               75,095
    Quoted bonds                                                   183,729                  —                     —                  123              183,852
    Other1                                                         238,862              12,088                    —               24,900              275,850
    Property                                                        32,353                  —                     —                   —                32,353
                                                                   763,859              12,088                    —               25,074              801,021
    Cash                                                            75,044                  —                     —                   51               75,095
    Other1                                                         238,862               12,088                    —              24,900              275,850
    As at September 30, 2016                                       763,859
                                                                       U.K.              12,088
                                                                                        Germany                   —
                                                                                                              France              25,074
                                                                                                                                   Other              801,021
                                                                                                                                                         Total
                                                                           $                   $                    $                   $                     $
    Quoted equities
    As at September 30, 2016
                                                                   200,163
                                                                       U.K.
                                                                                             —
                                                                                        Germany
                                                                                                                  —
                                                                                                              France
                                                                                                                                      —
                                                                                                                                   Other
                                                                                                                                                      200,163
                                                                                                                                                         Total
    Quoted bonds                                                   188,674$
                                                                                             —$
                                                                                                                  —$
                                                                                                                                     162
                                                                                                                                       $
                                                                                                                                                      188,836
                                                                                                                                                            $
    Propertyequities                                                30,004                   —                    —                   —                30,004
    Quoted                                                         200,163                   —                    —                   —               200,163
    Cash                                                            62,708                   —                    —                   55               62,763
    Quoted bonds                                                   188,674                   —                    —                  162              188,836
    Other1                                                         311,116               12,403                   —               17,358              340,877
    Property                                                        30,004                   —                    —                   —                30,004
                                                                   792,665               12,403                   —               17,575              822,643
    Cash                                                            62,708                   —                    —                   55               62,763
         1
1
    Other                                                          311,116
     Other is mainly composed of various insurance policies and quoted investment funds to12,403
                                                                                           cover some of the defined—benefit obligations.
                                                                                                                                    17,358            340,877
                                                                   792,665                12,403                    —               17,575            822,643
Plan assets do not include any shares of the Company, property occupied by the Company or any other assets used by the
1
  Other is mainly composed of various insurance policies and quoted investment funds to cover some of the defined benefit obligations.
Company.
Plan assets
The followingdo not include
              table         any the
                    summarizes  shares of the1 recognized
                                    expense     Company, in the
                                                          property occupied by the
                                                                consolidated       Company
                                                                             statements of or  any other assets used by the
                                                                                          earnings:
Company.
                                                                                                                                     Year ended September 30
The following table summarizes the expense1 recognized in the consolidated statements of earnings:
                                                                                                                                     2017                 2016
                                                                                                                                        $                  $
                                                                                                                                     Year ended September 30
    Current service cost                                                                                                          12,071                11,975
                                                                                                                                    2017                  2016
    Settlement gain                                                                                                                 (580)                   —
                                                                                                                                       $                     $
    Past service costcost                                                                                                             —                  3,552
    Current service                                                                                                               12,071                11,975
    Net interestgain
                 on net defined benefit obligations or assets                                                                      3,357                 4,395
    Settlement                                                                                                                      (580)                   —
    Administration expenses                                                                                                        2,221                 1,842
    Past service cost                                                                                                                 —                  3,552
                                                                                                                                  17,069                 21,764
  Net interest on net defined benefit obligations or assets                                                                        3,357                   4,395
1
  Administration
   The expense wasexpenses                                                                                                          2,221
                     presented as costs of services, selling and administrative for an amount of $11,491,000 and as net finance costs for                  1,842
                                                                                                                                          an amount of $5,578,000
   (Note 25) ($15,527,000 and $6,237,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2016).                                     17,069                21,764
1
     The expense was presented as costs of services, selling and administrative for an amount of $11,491,000 and as net finance costs for an amount of $5,578,000
     (Note 25) ($15,527,000 and $6,237,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2016).




                                                                                                                                                            95
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                            37
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
16. Employee          (CONTINUED)
                 benefits (continued)
Actuarial assumptions
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
The following are the principal actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages). The assumed discount rates, future
Actuarial
salary andassumptions
           pension increases, inflation rates and mortality all have a significant effect on the accounting valuation.
The following are the principal actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages). The assumed discount rates, future
 As at September 30, 2017                                                  U.K.         Germany
salary  and pension increases, inflation rates and mortality all have a significant effect on the accountingFrance
                                                                                                             valuation. Other
                                                                                        %                 %        %                      %
 Discount
 As        rate 30, 2017
    at September                                                                     2.69
                                                                                     U.K.               1.75
                                                                                                     Germany     1.75
                                                                                                               France                   4.50
                                                                                                                                       Other
 Future salary increases                                                             3.48
                                                                                        %               2.50
                                                                                                           %    2.86
                                                                                                                   %                    1.96
                                                                                                                                           %
 Future
 Discountpension
            rate increases                                                           3.38
                                                                                     2.69               1.50
                                                                                                        1.75      —
                                                                                                                1.75                      —
                                                                                                                                        4.50
 Inflation rate                                                                      3.48               2.00    2.00                    2.85
 Future salary increases                                                             3.48               2.50    2.86                    1.96
 Future pension increases                                                            3.38               1.50      —                       —
 As at September 30, 2016                                                            U.K.            Germany   France                  Other
 Inflation rate                                                                      3.48               2.00    2.00                    2.85
                                                                                        %                 %        %                      %
 Discount rate
 As at September 30, 2016
                                                                                     2.31
                                                                                     U.K.
                                                                                                        1.04
                                                                                                     Germany
                                                                                                                 1.04
                                                                                                               France
                                                                                                                                       3.86
                                                                                                                                       Other
 Future salary increases                                                             3.15
                                                                                        %
                                                                                                        2.50
                                                                                                           %
                                                                                                                 2.17
                                                                                                                    %
                                                                                                                                       2.07
                                                                                                                                          %
 Future  pension
            rate increases                                                           3.11               1.50       —                      —
 Discount                                                                            2.31               1.04     1.04                  3.86
 Inflation rate                                                                      3.15               2.00     2.00                  3.10
 Future salary increases                                                             3.15               2.50     2.17                  2.07
 Future pension increases                                                            3.11               1.50      —                       —
 Inflation rate                                                                      3.15               2.00    2.00                    3.10
The average longevity over 65 of a member presently at age 45 and 65 are as follows:

 As ataverage
The    September 30, 2017 over 65 of a member presently at age 45 and 65 are as follows:
              longevity                                                                                          U.K.                Germany
                                                                                                                        (in years)
 Longevity
 As at      at age30,
       September   652017
                      for current members                                                                        U.K.                Germany
     Males                                                                                                       22.1 (in years)        20.0
   Femalesat age 65 for current members
 Longevity                                                                                                       23.9                   24.0
 Longevity
   Males at age 45 for current members                                                                           22.1                   20.0
   Males
   Females                                                                                                       23.5
                                                                                                                 23.9                   22.0
                                                                                                                                        24.0
   Femalesat age 45 for current members
 Longevity                                                                                                       25.4                   26.0
     Males                                                                                                       23.5                   22.0
    Females
 As at September 30, 2016                                                                                        25.4
                                                                                                                 U.K.                   26.0
                                                                                                                                     Germany
                                                                                                                        (in years)
 Longevity
 As at      at age
       September 30,65 for current members
                     2016                                                                                        U.K.                Germany
     Males                                                                                                       22.2   (in years)      20.0
   Femalesat age 65 for current members
 Longevity                                                                                                       24.2                   24.0
 Longevity
   Males at age 45 for current members                                                                           22.2                   20.0
   Males
   Females                                                                                                       23.9
                                                                                                                 24.2                   22.0
                                                                                                                                        24.0
   Femalesat age 45 for current members
 Longevity                                                                                                       26.1                   26.0
     Males                                                                                                       23.9                   22.0
     Females                                                                                                     26.1                   26.0




96
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                        38
                                                                                                                  FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS
16. Employee          (CONTINUED)
                 benefits (continued)
Actuarial assumptions (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
Assumptions regarding future mortality are set based on actuarial advice in accordance with published statistics and experience
Actuarial   assumptions
in each country.            (continued) for the most significant countries are based on the following post-retirement mortality tables
                  Mortality assumptions
for the year ended September 30, 2017: (1) U.K.: 100% S2PxA (year of birth) plus CMI_2016 projections with 1.25% p.a. minimum
Assumptions regarding future mortality are set based on actuarial advice in accordance with published statistics and experience
long term improvement rate, (2) Germany: Heubeck RT2005G and (3) France: INSEE TVTD 2010-2012.
in each country. Mortality assumptions for the most significant countries are based on the following post-retirement mortality tables
for
Thethe year   ended
      following      September
                tables show   the 30, 2017: (1)
                                  sensitivity   U.K.:defined
                                              of the  100% S2PxA
                                                             benefit(year of birth)toplus
                                                                     obligations          CMI_2016
                                                                                      changes       projections with
                                                                                              in the principal       1.25% p.a.
                                                                                                               actuarial        minimum
                                                                                                                         assumptions:
long term improvement rate, (2) Germany: Heubeck RT2005G and (3) France: INSEE TVTD 2010-2012.
 As at September 30, 2017                                                                    U.K.
The  following tables show the sensitivity of the defined benefit obligations to changes in the principal Germany            France
                                                                                                          actuarial assumptions:
                                                                                                           $           $                      $
 Increase of 0.25% in the discount rate
 As at September 30, 2017
                                                                                                     (34,430)
                                                                                                         U.K.
                                                                                                                  (2,922)
                                                                                                                Germany
                                                                                                                                         (2,065)
                                                                                                                                         France
 Decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                               36,668$
                                                                                                                   3,081
                                                                                                                       $
                                                                                                                                          2,174
                                                                                                                                              $
 Salary increase  of 0.25%                                                                               582          56                  2,208
 Increase  of 0.25%  in the discount rate                                                            (34,430)     (2,922)                (2,065)
 Salary decrease
 Decrease          of 0.25%
            of 0.25%  in the discount rate                                                              (575)
                                                                                                      36,668         (55)
                                                                                                                   3,081                 (2,105)
                                                                                                                                          2,174
 Pension
 Salary increase ofof0.25%
          increase     0.25%                                                                          17,169
                                                                                                         582       1,338
                                                                                                                      56                     —
                                                                                                                                          2,208
 Pension  decrease   of 0.25%
 Salary decrease of 0.25%                                                                            (16,347)
                                                                                                        (575)     (1,282)
                                                                                                                     (55)                    —
                                                                                                                                         (2,105)
 Increase of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                                  27,484       1,338                  2,208
 Pension increase of 0.25%                                                                            17,169       1,338                     —
 Decrease of 0.25% in inflation rate                                                                 (26,022)     (1,282)                (2,105)
 Pension decrease of 0.25%                                                                           (16,347)     (1,282)                    —
 Increase of
           of 0.25%
              one year  in life expectancy                                                            22,051       2,442                    378
 Increase            in inflation rate                                                                27,484       1,338                  2,208
 Decrease   of one year  in life expectancy                                                          (21,965)     (2,186)                  (407)
 Decrease of 0.25% in inflation    rate                                                              (26,022)     (1,282)                (2,105)
 Increase of one year in life expectancy                                                              22,051      2,442                    378
 Decrease
 As at      of one
       September 30,year
                     2016in life expectancy                                                          (21,965)
                                                                                                         U.K.    (2,186)
                                                                                                                Germany                    (407)
                                                                                                                                         France
                                                                                                           $           $                      $
 Increase of 0.25% in the discount rate
 As at September 30, 2016
                                                                                                     (36,935)
                                                                                                         U.K.
                                                                                                                 (3,556)
                                                                                                                Germany
                                                                                                                                         (2,476)
                                                                                                                                         France
 Decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate                                                               39,406$
                                                                                                                  3,762
                                                                                                                      $
                                                                                                                                          2,612
                                                                                                                                              $
 Salary  increase  of 0.25%                                                                              724         80                   2,588
 Increase   of 0.25%  in the discount rate                                                           (36,935)    (3,556)                 (2,476)
 Salary  decrease   of 0.25%                                                                            (714)       (78)                 (2,466)
 Decrease of 0.25%      in the discount rate                                                          39,406      3,762                   2,612
 Pension   increaseofof  0.25%                                                                        17,860      1,802                      —
 Salary increase      0.25%                                                                              724         80                   2,588
 Pension   decrease   of  0.25%                                                                      (16,963)    (1,721)                     —
 Salary decrease of 0.25%                                                                               (714)       (78)                 (2,466)
 Increase   of 0.25%  in  inflation rate                                                              28,843      1,802                   2,588
 Pension increase of 0.25%                                                                            17,860      1,802                      —
 Decrease    of 0.25%  in  inflation rate                                                            (27,303)    (1,721)                 (2,466)
 Pension decrease of 0.25%                                                                           (16,963)    (1,721)                     —
 Increase   of one year   in life expectancy                                                          24,093      2,918                     444
 Increase of 0.25% in inflation      rate                                                             28,843      1,802                   2,588
 Decrease    of one year   in  life expectancy                                                       (23,900)    (2,601)                   (485)
 Decrease of 0.25% in inflation       rate                                                           (27,303)    (1,721)                 (2,466)
 Increase of one year in life expectancy                                                             24,093       2,918                    444
The sensitivity analysis above have been based on a method that extrapolates the impact on the defined benefit obligations as
 Decrease of one year in life expectancy                                            (23,900)        (2,601)             (485)
a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the year.
     sensitivityaverage
The weighted     analysis above  have
                         durations     been
                                   of the   based on
                                          defined     a method
                                                  benefit         that are as
                                                          obligations  extrapolates the impact on the defined benefit obligations as
                                                                              follows:
a result of reasonable changes in key assumptions occurring at the end of the year.
                                                                                                                   Year ended September 30
The weighted average durations of the defined benefit obligations are as follows:
                                                                                                                   2017                   2016
                                                                                                                           (in years)
                                                                                                                   Year ended September 30
 U.K.                                                                                                                19
                                                                                                                   2017
                                                                                                                                            20
                                                                                                                                          2016
 Germany                                                                                                             14     (in years)
                                                                                                                                            15
 France                                                                                                              16                     18
 U.K.                                                                                                                19                     20
 Other                                                                                                               11                     13
 Germany                                                                                                             14                     15
 France                                                                                                              16                     18
 Other                                                                                                               11                     13




                                                                                                                                            97
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                           39
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


16. Employee benefits (continued)
DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS (CONTINUED)
16. Employee benefits (continued)
The Company expects to contribute $23,798,000 to defined benefit plans during the next year, of which $19,753,000 relates to
DEFINED
the        BENEFIT
    U.K. plans, and PLANS     (CONTINUED)
                    $4,045,000 relates to the other plans. The contributions will include new benefit accruals and deficit recovery
payments.
The Company expects to contribute $23,798,000 to defined benefit plans during the next year, of which $19,753,000 relates to
the U.K. plans, and $4,045,000 relates to the other plans. The contributions will include new benefit accruals and deficit recovery
DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
payments.
The Company also operates defined contribution pension plans. In some countries, contributions are made into state pension
DEFINED
plans.     CONTRIBUTION
       The pension            PLANScontribution plans amounted to $234,122,000 in 2017 ($236,678,000 in 2016).
                    cost for defined
The
In   Company
   addition,  in also
                 Sweden,operates   defined contribution
                            the Company                     pension
                                             contributes to a          plans. In some
                                                                  multi-employer          countries,
                                                                                    plan, Alecta       contributions
                                                                                                    SE (Alecta)       are made
                                                                                                                  pension  plan, into
                                                                                                                                 which   is a pension
                                                                                                                                       state   defined
benefitThe
plans.       pension
        pension    plan.cost
                         Thisforpension
                                 definedplan
                                          contribution    plans
                                               is classified   as amounted    to $234,122,000
                                                                    defined contribution           in sufficient
                                                                                             plan as  2017 ($236,678,000
                                                                                                                 information in 2016).
                                                                                                                             is not available to use
defined benefit accounting. Alecta lacks the possibility of establishing an exact distribution of assets and provisions to the respective
In addition, in Sweden, the Company contributes to a multi-employer plan, Alecta SE (Alecta) pension plan, which is a defined
employers. The Company’s proportion of the total contributions to the plan is 0.81% and the Company’s proportion of the total
benefit pension plan. This pension plan is classified as a defined contribution plan as sufficient information is not available to use
number of active members in the plan is 0.55%.
defined benefit accounting. Alecta lacks the possibility of establishing an exact distribution of assets and provisions to the respective
employers.
Alecta       The
        uses a     Company’s
                 collective       proportion
                             funding  ratio to of the  total the
                                               determine      contributions
                                                                  surplus or to the in
                                                                              deficit plan
                                                                                         theis 0.81%
                                                                                              pensionand    the
                                                                                                        plan. AnyCompany’s   proportion
                                                                                                                   surplus or deficit         plantotal
                                                                                                                                           of the
                                                                                                                                      in the        will
number
affect   of active
       the  amount ofmembers
                          futurein the  plan is 0.55%.
                                  contributions    payable. The collective funding is the difference between Alecta’s assets and the
commitments to the policy holders and insured individuals. The collective solvency is normally allowed to vary between 125%
Alecta uses a collective funding ratio to determine the surplus or deficit in the pension plan. Any surplus or deficit in the plan will
and 155%, with the target being 140%. As at September 30, 2017, Alecta collective funding ratio was 158% (142% in 2016). The
affect the amount of future contributions payable. The collective funding is the difference between Alecta’s assets and the
plan expense was $34,208,000 in 2017 ($34,528,000 in 2016). The Company expects to contribute $27,590,000 to the plan
commitments to the policy holders and insured individuals. The collective solvency is normally allowed to vary between 125%
during the next year.
and 155%, with the target being 140%. As at September 30, 2017, Alecta collective funding ratio was 158% (142% in 2016). The
plan expense was $34,208,000 in 2017 ($34,528,000 in 2016). The Company expects to contribute $27,590,000 to the plan
OTHER
during theBENEFIT
            next year.PLANS
The Company maintains deferred compensation plans covering some of its U.S. and Germany management. Some of the plans
OTHER assets
include   BENEFIT     PLANS
                  that will  be used to fund the liabilities. As at September 30, 2017, the deferred compensation liability totaled
$48,379,000 ($43,844,000 as at September 30, 2016) (Note 14) and the deferred compensation assets totaled $46,906,000
The Company maintains deferred compensation plans covering some of its U.S. and Germany management. Some of the plans
($42,139,000 as at September 30, 2016) (Note 10).
include assets that will be used to fund the liabilities. As at September 30, 2017, the deferred compensation liability totaled
$48,379,000
For the         ($43,844,000
         deferred   compensation as atplan in
                                        September
                                              U.S., a30,   2016)
                                                        trust  was (Note   14) and
                                                                    established   so the   deferred
                                                                                       that the       compensation
                                                                                                 plan assets   could beassets  totaled however,
                                                                                                                         segregated;    $46,906,000 the
($42,139,000
assets           as atto the
        are subject    September     30, 2016)
                              Company’s           (Note
                                            general      10). in the case of bankruptcy. The assets composed of investments vary with
                                                      creditors
employees’ contributions and changes in the value of the investments. The change in liabilities associated with the plan is equal
For the deferred compensation plan in U.S., a trust was established so that the plan assets could be segregated; however, the
to the change of the assets. The assets in the trust and the associated liabilities totaled $46,480,000 as at September 30, 2017
assets are subject to the Company’s general creditors in the case of bankruptcy. The assets composed of investments vary with
($41,423,000 as at September 30, 2016).
employees’ contributions and changes in the value of the investments. The change in liabilities associated with the plan is equal
to the change of the assets. The assets in the trust and the associated liabilities totaled $46,480,000 as at September 30, 2017
($41,423,000 as at September 30, 2016).




98
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                   40
                                                                                                                                    FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


17. Accumulated other comprehensive income

17. Accumulated other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                                As at                  As at
                                                                                                                   September 30, 2017    September 30, 2016
                                                                                                                                    $                     $
                                                                                                                                As at                  As at
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:                                                      September 30, 2017    September 30, 2016
  Net unrealized gains
                    gains on
                           ontranslating
                               translatingfinancial
                                            financialstatements
                                                      statementsofofforeign operations,
                                                                      foreign           netnet
                                                                              operations,   of of                                  $                      $
    accumulated income tax expense of $65,850 as at September 30, 2017 ($69,777 as at
Items
    at that will be
    September
       September    reclassified
                  30,30, 2016) subsequently to net earnings:
                      2016)                                                                                                  695,591               837,056
      unrealized
  Net losses
       losses onon gains
                  derivative
                          on financial
                              translating
                     derivative            instruments
                                   financial  financial statements
                                                instrumentsand  on
                                                                and on of  foreign
                                                                    translating      operations,
                                                                                   long-term
                                                                            translating         debtnet of
                                                                                          long-term     debt
   designated        hedges
   accumulatedasincomehedgestaxof
                               of net
                                  expense
                                    net investments
                                               of $65,850
                                         investments   inin as
                                                           foreign
                                                            foreign operations,
                                                                 at September
                                                                      operations,    netof
                                                                                    net
                                                                                   30, 2017
                                                                                          ofaccumulated
                                                                                               ($69,777
                                                                                             accumulated   as at
   September
   income   tax 30,   2016)of $69,296
                 recovery       $69,296 as  as at
                                                at September
                                                   September 30,  30,2017
                                                                      2017($72,490
                                                                              ($72,490as  asatatSeptember
                                                                                                 September                   695,591               837,056
   30,losses
        2016)on derivative financial instruments and on translating long-term debt                                          (453,690)             (466,799)
  Net
  Net unrealizedasgains
   designated        hedges
                          on of
                              cashnetflow
                                        investments
                                      flow   hedges, in
                                            hedges,    net foreign
                                                       net of
                                                            of      operations,
                                                               accumulated
                                                                accumulated                 accumulated
                                                                                    net oftax
                                                                                income
                                                                                 income    tax expense
                                                                                                expense of of
   income as
   $2,332   taxatrecovery  of 30,
                   September    $69,2962017 as at  September
                                               ($8,876   as at 30,    2017 30,
                                                                September     ($72,490
                                                                                    2016)as at September                       1,670                13,931
   30, 2016)                                                                                                                (453,690)             (466,799)
  Net unrealized
       unrealized (losses)
                    (losses)gains
                               gainson  onavailable-for-sale
                                            available-for-saleinvestments,
                                                                   investments,   netnet
                                                                                       of of
                                                                                          accumulated
                                                                                             accumulated
  Net unrealized
   income          gains onofcash
            tax recovery        $178flow    hedges,
                                        as at
                                        as  at                 accumulated
                                                       net of30,
                                                September
                                                September     30, 2017
                                                                   2017  (net   income
                                                                          (net of
                                                                                of        tax expense
                                                                                   accumulated
                                                                                    accumulated    income
                                                                                                     incomeof
   $2,332
   tax      as at of $965
        expense    Septemberas at 30, 2017
                                     September ($8,876
                                                    30, as
                                                        2016)at September 30, 2016)                                            1,670
                                                                                                                                (562)               13,931
                                                                                                                                                     2,947
  Net unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale investments, net of accumulated
Items
    income
       that will
             taxnot be
                 recovery of
                       reclassified
                             $178 as at
                                    subsequently
                                         Septemberto net
                                                     30, 2017
                                                         earnings:
                                                               (net of accumulated income
    tax expense of $965 as at September 30, 2016)                                                                               (562)                2,947
  Net remeasurement
       remeasurement losses
                         losses on
                                 ondefined
                                    definedbenefit
                                            benefitplans,
                                                    plans,net
                                                           netofof
                                                                 accumulated income
                                                                   accumulated  income taxtax
    recovery of $20,933 as at September 30, 30, 2017
                                                2017 ($25,160
                                                      ($25,160 asas at
                                                                    at September
                                                                       September 30,
                                                                                  30, 2016)
                                                                                      2016)                                  (83,618)              (83,007)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings:
                                                                                                      159,391               304,128
  Net remeasurement losses on defined benefit plans, net of accumulated income tax
                                                                                                       (83,618)             (83,007)
For recovery
    the year of $20,933
             ended      as at September
                     September          30, 2017
                                  30, 2017,      ($25,160 of
                                            $15,425,000    asthe
                                                              at September 30, 2016)
                                                                  net unrealized gains previously recognized in other comprehensive
                                                                                                     159,391instruments designated
income, net of income tax expense of $9,534,000, were reclassified to net earnings for derivative financial                304,128
as cash flow hedges ($11,834,000 of the net unrealized gains net of income tax expense of $6,725,000 for the year ended
For the year ended September 30, 2017, $15,425,000 of the net unrealized gains previously recognized in other comprehensive
September 30, 2016).
income, net of income tax expense of $9,534,000, were reclassified to net earnings for derivative financial instruments designated
as cash flow hedges ($11,834,000 of the net unrealized gains net of income tax expense of $6,725,000 for the year ended
September 30, 2016).




                                                                                                                                                        99
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                        41
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


18. Capital stock
Authorized,
18. Capital an unlimited
                 stocknumber without par value:
First preferred shares, carrying one vote per share, ranking prior to second preferred shares, Class A subordinate shares and
Class  B shares
Authorized,  an with respect
                unlimited     to thewithout
                          number     paymentparofvalue:
                                                   dividends;
First
Secondpreferred shares,
         preferred       carrying
                   shares,         one vote
                           non-voting,      per prior
                                        ranking share,to ranking prior to second
                                                         Class A subordinate     preferred
                                                                              shares       shares,
                                                                                     and Class     Classwith
                                                                                               B shares  A subordinate   shares
                                                                                                             respect to the     and
                                                                                                                            payment
Class  B shares
of dividends;    with respect  to the payment of dividends;
Second
Class  A preferred shares,
         subordinate       non-voting,
                     shares,           ranking
                              carrying one voteprior
                                                per to Class A
                                                     share,    subordinate
                                                            participating   shares
                                                                          equally  andClass
                                                                                  with ClassBBshares                 to the payment
                                                                                                            respect to
                                                                                                       withrespect
                                                                                                shareswith
of dividends;and convertible into Class B shares under certain conditions in the event of certain takeover bids on Class B shares;
Class A  subordinate
       B shares,     shares,
                 carrying     carrying
                          ten votes  perone vote per
                                         share,        share, equally
                                                 participatingparticipating equallyAwith
                                                                       with Class        Class B shares with respect to the payment
                                                                                     subordinate
of dividends and convertible intoany
                  convertible at  Class
                                     timeB at
                                           shares  underof the
                                              the option  certain conditions
                                                                holder  into in theAevent
                                                                            Class         of certain
                                                                                     subordinate     takeover bids on Class B shares;
                                                                                                  shares.
Class
For theBfiscal
         shares, carrying
               years 2017 ten
                          andvotes
                              2016,per
                                     theshare,
                                         Class participating
                                               A subordinate equally with
                                                               and the    Class
                                                                       Class    A subordinate
                                                                              B shares        shares
                                                                                       varied as      with respect to the payment
                                                                                                 follows:
of dividends and convertible at any time at the option of the holder into Class A subordinate shares.
For the fiscal years 2017 and 2016, the Class A subordinate and the Class B shares varied as follows:
                                                               Class A subordinate shares                              Class B shares                                          Total
                                                                 Number       Carrying value               Number       Carrying value               Number         Carrying value
                                                                                        $
                                                               Class A subordinate shares                                           $
                                                                                                                       Class B shares                                             $
                                                                                                                                                                               Total
    As at September 30, 2015                              275,773,284             2,207,826
                                                                                          33,272,767             46,419       309,046,051           2,254,245
                                                              Number          Carrying value   Number Carrying value                Number      Carrying value
    Issued upon exercise of stock options1                  5,283,485               111,405          —                —          5,283,485            111,405
                                                                                           $                           $                                       $
    PSUs  exercised2 30, 2015                                      —                 21,250          —                —                   —             21,250
    As at September                                       275,773,284             2,207,826
                                                                                          33,272,767             46,419       309,046,051           2,254,245
                                3
    Purchased
           uponand  cancelled                              (9,519,875)             (170,374)         —                —         (9,519,875)          (170,374)
    Issued       exercise   of stock options1               5,283,485               111,405          —                —          5,283,485            111,405
    Purchased  and 2held in trust4                                 —                (21,795)         —                —                   —            (21,795)
    PSUs exercised                                                 —                 21,250          —                —                   —             21,250
                           5
    Conversion of shares                                      420,019                   586   (420,019)             (586)                 —                  —
    Purchased and   cancelled3                             (9,519,875)             (170,374)         —                —         (9,519,875)          (170,374)
    As at September   30, in
                           2016                           271,956,913             2,148,898
                                                                                          32,852,748             45,833       304,809,661           2,194,731
    Purchased  and held      trust4                                —                (21,795)         —                —                   —            (21,795)
                                             1
    Issued upon  exercise  5of stock options                2,079,150                60,943          —                —          2,079,150              60,943
    Conversion of shares                                      420,019                   586   (420,019)             (586)                 —                  —
                    2
    PSUs  exercised 30, 2016                                       —                 23,666          —                —                   —             23,666
    As at September                                       271,956,913             2,148,898
                                                                                          32,852,748             45,833       304,809,661           2,194,731
                                3
    Issued uponand
    Purchased       cancelled                             (19,929,268)             (227,060)         —                —       (19,929,268)           (227,060)
                 exercise   of stock options1               2,079,150                60,943          —                —          2,079,150              60,943
    Shares         trust resold4
           held in 2                                               —                  2,445          —                —                   —               2,445
    PSUs exercised                                                 —                 23,666          —                —                   —             23,666
    As at September    30, 2017 3                         254,106,795             2,008,892
                                                                                          32,852,748             45,833       286,959,543           2,054,725
    Purchased  and cancelled                              (19,929,268)             (227,060)         —                —       (19,929,268)           (227,060)
                                  4
1
  Shares
   The     held in
        carrying    trust
                 value    resold
                       of Class A subordinate shares includes    —              2,445 during the year—
                                                              $11,169,000 ($21,972,000               ended September —30, 2016), which —                  2,445
                                                                                                                                       corresponds to a reduction
   in contributed surplus representing the value of accumulated compensation costs associated with the stock options exercised during the year.
  As  at September 30, 2017                          254,106,795           2,008,892      32,852,748             45,833       286,959,543           2,054,725
2
     During the year ended September 30, 2017, 659,640 PSUs were exercised (969,241 during the year ended September 30, 2016) with a recorded value of
1
     The  carrying value of
     $23,666,000            Class A
                    ($21,250,000    subordinate
                                  during         shares
                                          the year endedincludes $11,169,000
                                                          September          ($21,972,000
                                                                      30, 2016) that       during the
                                                                                     was removed  fromyear ended September
                                                                                                        contributed           30,
                                                                                                                    surplus. As at2016),
                                                                                                                                   September   corresponds
                                                                                                                                         which30,           to a Class
                                                                                                                                                   2017, 468,668reduction
                                                                                                                                                                        A
     in contributedshares
     subordinate     surplus representing
                           were held       theunder
                                     in trust  valuethe
                                                     of PSU
                                                        accumulated  compensation
                                                             plan (1,192,308 as at costs  associated
                                                                                   September         with the
                                                                                              30, 2016)  (Notestock
                                                                                                                19b).options exercised during the year.
2
3    During the year
     On February       ended
                   1, 2017,  theSeptember
                                 Company's30,    2017,
                                               Board     659,640 PSUs
                                                      of Directors        werethe
                                                                   authorized      renewal(969,241
                                                                                exercised            during
                                                                                            of a Normal     the Issuer
                                                                                                         Course  year ended        for the 30,
                                                                                                                             September
                                                                                                                       Bid (NCIB)          purchase  with
                                                                                                                                               2016) of up ato recorded value
                                                                                                                                                                21,190,564    of
                                                                                                                                                                           Class
     $23,666,000
     A subordinate($21,250,000    during the on
                     shares for cancellation   year
                                                  theended
                                                       open September    30, 2016)
                                                             market through         thatThe
                                                                              the TSX.   wasClass
                                                                                             removed   from contributed
                                                                                                   A subordinate  sharessurplus. As at for
                                                                                                                         are available      purchase30,
                                                                                                                                        September       2017, 468,668
                                                                                                                                                     commencing                A
                                                                                                                                                                         Class6,
                                                                                                                                                                     February
     subordinate  shares
     2017, until no        wereFebruary
                    later than   held in trust underorthe
                                           5, 2018,     onPSU
                                                           suchplan  (1,192,308
                                                                earlier date whenasthe
                                                                                     at September  30, 2016) its
                                                                                        Company completes    (Note  19b). or elects to terminate the bid.
                                                                                                                 purchases
3
     On  February
     During          1, 2017,
              the year   endedthe  Company's
                                 September   30,Board
                                                 2017,ofthe
                                                          Directors
                                                            Company authorized
                                                                        purchased the renewal
                                                                                     15,074,900    Normal
                                                                                              of aClass  A Course    Issuer
                                                                                                           subordinate      Bid for
                                                                                                                         shares (NCIB) for   the purchase
                                                                                                                                     cancellation           of up to
                                                                                                                                                   (2,207,500        21,190,564
                                                                                                                                                                during the        Class
                                                                                                                                                                            year ended
     A  subordinate
     September      30,shares
                        2016) for  cancellation
                                under the       on the
                                          previous  andopen   market
                                                         current      through
                                                                 NCIB for        the TSX.
                                                                             a cash        The Class
                                                                                     consideration of A subordinate shares
                                                                                                       $946,664,000    ($117,820,000    duringfor
                                                                                                                              are available       purchase
                                                                                                                                                the year    commencing
                                                                                                                                                         ended             February
                                                                                                                                                                 September 30,       6,
                                                                                                                                                                                 2016)
     2017,
     and  theuntil no of
               excess laterthe
                             than February
                               purchase     5, over
                                         price 2018,the
                                                      or on such value
                                                        carrying  earlierindate
                                                                            the when
                                                                                amountthe
                                                                                        of Company    completes
                                                                                           $823,450,000          its purchases
                                                                                                          ($99,553,000    during or  elects to
                                                                                                                                 the year      terminate
                                                                                                                                           ended          the bid.
                                                                                                                                                   September   30, 2016) was charged
     to retained
     During        earnings.
              the year   ended During the year
                                 September   30,ended
                                                 2017,September
                                                        the Company 30,purchased
                                                                          2016, the Company
                                                                                     15,074,900paid  andAcancelled
                                                                                                  Class    subordinate200,000
                                                                                                                         sharesClass  A subordinate
                                                                                                                                 for cancellation     shares with
                                                                                                                                                   (2,207,500       a carrying
                                                                                                                                                                during the yearvalue of
                                                                                                                                                                                 ended
     $1,631,000
     September 30,  and2016)
                         a purchase
                                under value of $9,466,000
                                      the previous          that were
                                                    and current  NCIBheld
                                                                        for afrom
                                                                               cashprevious  period.of $946,664,000 ($117,820,000 during the year ended September 30, 2016)
                                                                                     consideration
     and the
     In       excess
        addition,     of the
                  during      purchase
                          the year ended price over
                                            Septemberthe 30,
                                                         carrying
                                                             2017,value
                                                                    the in the
                                                                        Company amount of  $823,450,000
                                                                                    purchased             ($99,553,000
                                                                                                4,854,368 Class        during the
                                                                                                                 A subordinate  shares  ended
                                                                                                                                   yearfor     September 30,
                                                                                                                                           cancellation        2016)
                                                                                                                                                        (7,112,375    was the
                                                                                                                                                                   during   charged
                                                                                                                                                                                 year
     to retained
     ended        earnings.
             September     30,During
                               2016) the
                                      fromyear
                                            the ended
                                                 CaisseSeptember
                                                          de dépôt et30, 2016, thedu
                                                                       placement     Company
                                                                                       Québec paid
                                                                                                for aand
                                                                                                      cashcancelled 200,000
                                                                                                           consideration     Class A subordinate
                                                                                                                         of $300,000,000           shares with
                                                                                                                                            ($400,000,000          the yearvalue
                                                                                                                                                                a carrying
                                                                                                                                                            during                 of
                                                                                                                                                                               ended
     $1,631,000
     September 30,and2016).
                       a purchase    value of
                               The excess    of $9,466,000
                                                the purchase that were
                                                               price    held
                                                                     over  thefrom  previous
                                                                                carrying     period.
                                                                                         value in the amount of $196,154,000 ($247,893,000 during the year ended September
     In  2016) was
     30,addition,     charged
                  during        to ended
                          the year retainedSeptember
                                              earnings. In  accordance
                                                         30, 2017,  the with
                                                                        Company     requirements of
                                                                                the purchased        the TSX,
                                                                                                4,854,368      the
                                                                                                           Class A purchase  is shares
                                                                                                                   subordinate  considered
                                                                                                                                       for in the  annual
                                                                                                                                           cancellation    aggregate
                                                                                                                                                        (7,112,375                the
                                                                                                                                                                             thatyear
                                                                                                                                                                      limit the
                                                                                                                                                                   during
     Company    is entitled
     ended September        to 2016)
                           30, purchase
                                      fromunder   its current
                                            the Caisse        NCIB.et placement du Québec for a cash consideration of $300,000,000 ($400,000,000 during the year ended
                                                          de dépôt
4    September
     During the 30,
                year2016).
                      endedThe     excess of
                              September     30,the  purchase
                                                 2017,          price over
                                                         the trustee  resoldthe carrying
                                                                              64,000  Class A in the
                                                                                         value        amount
                                                                                              subordinate shares$196,154,000
                                                                                                             of that  were held in trust on theduring
                                                                                                                              ($247,893,000       open the yearinended
                                                                                                                                                        market         September
                                                                                                                                                                  accordance   with
     the 2016) of
     30, terms was   charged
                  the PSU      to (nil
                            plan  retained  earnings.
                                       during the   year In accordance
                                                          ended                     requirements
                                                                                the2016).
                                                                          with30,
                                                                  September                       of the
                                                                                          The excess   ofTSX, the over
                                                                                                         proceeds purchase
                                                                                                                       the is
                                                                                                                           carrying  value in
                                                                                                                              considered    of the annualAaggregate
                                                                                                                                                the Class            limit
                                                                                                                                                            subordinate    that the
                                                                                                                                                                        shares,   in
     Company
     the amountis of
                  entitled to purchase
                     $1,601,000,         under
                                   resulted  in anits current  NCIB.
                                                     increase of   contributed surplus. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the trustee, in accordance with the terms
4    of the PSU
     During  the plan
                 year and a Trust
                       ended      Agreement,
                              September          purchased
                                            30, 2017,        441,722
                                                       the trustee   Class A
                                                                   resold 64,000 Class A shares
                                                                             subordinate               Company
                                                                                                of the shares
                                                                                         subordinate                  the open
                                                                                                               thatonwere       market
                                                                                                                           held in       on athe
                                                                                                                                   trust for  cash           in of
                                                                                                                                                   consideration
                                                                                                                                                 open market       $21,795,000.
                                                                                                                                                                accordance with
5    the  terms
     During  theofyear
                   the ended
                       PSU plan   (nil during
                             September      30,the yearaended
                                                 2016,         September
                                                         shareholder       30, 2016).
                                                                      converted       TheClass
                                                                                420,019   excess  of proceeds
                                                                                               B shares         over theClass
                                                                                                          into 420,019     carrying               Class A subordinate shares, in
                                                                                                                                     value of theshares.
                                                                                                                                A subordinate
     the amount of $1,601,000, resulted in an increase of contributed surplus. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the trustee, in accordance with the terms
     of the PSU plan and a Trust Agreement, purchased 441,722 Class A subordinate shares of the Company on the open market for a cash consideration of $21,795,000.
5
     During the year ended September 30, 2016, a shareholder converted 420,019 Class B shares into 420,019 Class A subordinate shares.




100
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                                                 42
                                                                                                                            FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


19. Share-based payments
a)
19. Stock options
      Share-based payments
Under the Company’s stock option plan, the Board of Directors may grant, at its discretion, stock options to purchase Class A
subordinate
a)           shares to certain employees, officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The exercise price is
    Stock options
established by the Board of Directors and is equal to the closing price of the Class A subordinate shares on the TSX on the day
Under the Company’s stock option plan, the Board of Directors may grant, at its discretion, stock options to purchase Class A
preceding the date of the grant. Stock options generally vest over four years from the date of grant conditionally upon achievement
subordinate shares to certain employees, officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. The exercise price is
of objectives and must be exercised within a ten-year period, except in the event of retirement, termination of employment or
established by the Board of Directors and is equal to the closing price of the Class A subordinate shares on the TSX on the day
death. As at September 30, 2017, 30,561,122 Class A subordinate shares have been reserved for issuance under the stock option
preceding the date of the grant. Stock options generally vest over four years from the date of grant conditionally upon achievement
plan.
of objectives and must be exercised within a ten-year period, except in the event of retirement, termination of employment or
death. As
The       at table
    followingSeptember  30, 2017,
                    presents       30,561,122
                              information      Class Aall
                                           concerning  subordinate
                                                          outstandingshares
                                                                       stockhave  been
                                                                             options   reserved
                                                                                     granted  by for
                                                                                                  theissuance
                                                                                                      Company:under the stock option
plan.
                                                                                     2017                                                           2016
The following table presents information concerning all outstanding stock options granted by the Company:
                                                                                                  Weighted                                      Weighted
                                                                                          average exercise                              average exercise
                                                                 Number of options          price per share     Number of options         price per share
                                                                                                       2017                                          2016
                                                                                                  Weighted$                                     Weighted$
 Outstanding, beginning of year                                         16,623,619        average exercise
                                                                                                      39.40            20,629,392       average exercise
                                                                                                                                                   29.23
                                                                 Number of options          price per share     Number of options         price per share
 Granted                                                                 2,961,866                   63.22              3,882,977                 62.53
                                                                                                         $                                            $
 Exercised                                                              (2,079,150)                  23.94             (5,283,485)                16.93
 Outstanding, beginning of year                                         16,623,619                   39.40             20,629,392                 29.23
 Forfeited                                                              (2,267,952)                  49.12             (2,558,272)                39.39
 Granted                                                                 2,961,866                   63.22              3,882,977                 62.53
 Expired                                                                      (500)                   7.72                (46,993)                14.22
 Exercised                                                              (2,079,150)                  23.94             (5,283,485)                16.93
 Outstanding, end of year                                               15,237,883                   44.70             16,623,619                 39.40
 Forfeited                                                              (2,267,952)                  49.12             (2,558,272)                39.39
 Exercisable, end of year                                                7,527,054                   28.77              7,798,604                 24.10
 Expired                                                                      (500)                   7.72                (46,993)                14.22
 Outstanding, end of year                                               15,237,883                   44.70             16,623,619                 39.40
The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for stock options exercised in 2017 was $64.49 ($58.65 in 2016).
 Exercisable, end of year                                                7,527,054                   28.77              7,798,604                 24.10

The following
The weighted table summarizes
              average          information
                      share price          about
                                  at the date     outstanding
                                              of exercise      stockoptions
                                                          for stock  optionsexercised
                                                                             granted byinthe Company
                                                                                          2017       as at ($58.65
                                                                                               was $64.49   September  30, 2017:
                                                                                                                   in 2016).

                                                                                               Options outstanding                   Options exercisable
The following table summarizes information about outstanding stock options granted by the Company as at September 30, 2017:
                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                          average
                                                                                        remaining         Weighted
                                                                                                Options outstanding                        Weighted
                                                                                                                                 Options exercisable
                                                     Range of         Number of    contractual life         average         Number of       average
                                                exercise price          options          Weighted
                                                                                           (years)    exercise price          options exercise price
                                                                                          average
                                                             $                          remaining         Weighted $                      Weighted $
                                                 9.31Range  of
                                                      to 9.41         Number of
                                                                       235,229     contractual1.00
                                                                                               life         average
                                                                                                               9.31         Number of
                                                                                                                             235,229        average
                                                                                                                                               9.31
                                                exercise price          options            (years)    exercise price          options exercise price
                                               11.39 to 13.26$          524,425               2.00            12.59
                                                                                                                  $           524,425             12.59
                                                                                                                                                      $
                                               14.48
                                                 9.31toto15.96
                                                          9.41        1,136,174
                                                                        235,229               3.00
                                                                                              1.00            15.48
                                                                                                               9.31         1,136,174
                                                                                                                              235,229             15.48
                                                                                                                                                   9.31
                                               19.28 to 13.26
                                               11.39 to  21.31          283,523
                                                                        524,425               4.00
                                                                                              2.00            19.75
                                                                                                              12.59           283,523
                                                                                                                              524,425             19.75
                                                                                                                                                  12.59
                                               23.65 to
                                               14.48 to 15.96
                                                        30.79         1,965,317
                                                                      1,136,174               5.21
                                                                                              3.00            23.89
                                                                                                              15.48         1,965,317
                                                                                                                            1,136,174             23.89
                                                                                                                                                  15.48
                                               34.68 to
                                               19.28 to 21.31
                                                        38.79         1,886,662
                                                                        283,523               6.35
                                                                                              4.00            37.22
                                                                                                              19.75         1,752,804
                                                                                                                              283,523             37.17
                                                                                                                                                  19.75
                                               39.47 to 47.36         1,042,738               7.13            39.67           757,139             39.70
                                               23.65 to 30.79         1,965,317               5.21            23.89         1,965,317             23.89
                                               47.81 to 56.69         1,725,490               7.99            48.46           866,563             48.50
                                               34.68 to 38.79         1,886,662               6.35            37.22         1,752,804             37.17
                                               57.21 to
                                               39.47 to 47.36
                                                        63.72        6,438,325
                                                                     1,042,738                9.43
                                                                                              7.13            63.21
                                                                                                              39.67             5,880
                                                                                                                              757,139             57.21
                                                                                                                                                  39.70
                                               47.81 to 56.69       15,237,883
                                                                     1,725,490                7.22
                                                                                              7.99            44.70
                                                                                                              48.46         7,527,054
                                                                                                                              866,563             28.77
                                                                                                                                                  48.50
                                               57.21 to 63.72         6,438,325               9.43            63.21             5,880             57.21
                                                                    15,237,883                7.22            44.70         7,527,054             28.77




                                                                                                                                                    101
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                     43
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


19. Share-based payments (continued)
a)
19. Stock options (continued)
      Share-based      payments (continued)
The fair value of stock options granted in the year and the weighted average assumptions used in the calculation of their fair
value on
a)  Stock the date
            optionsof grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model were as follows:
                     (continued)
The fair value of stock options granted in the year and the weighted average assumptions used in the calculation of their fair
                                                                                                     Year ended September 30
value on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model were as follows:
                                                                                                                                               2017                 2016
    Grant date fair value ($)                                                                                                                 13.03           13.11
                                                                                                                                             Year ended September 30
    Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                                         0.00            0.00
                                                                                                                                               2017            2016
                               1
    Expected                                                                                                                                  22.52
    Grant datevolatility   (%)($)                                                                                                                             25.41
                 fair value                                                                                                                   13.03           13.11
    Risk-free yield
              interest                                                                                                                         1.66
                     (%)rate (%)                                                                                                                                0.56
    Dividend                                                                                                                                   0.00            0.00
    Expected   life (years)                                                                                                                    4.00             4.00
    Expected volatility (%)1                                                                                                                  22.52           25.41
    Exercise                                                                                                                                  63.22
    Risk-free price   ($) rate (%)                                                                                                                            62.53
              interest                                                                                                                         1.66             0.56
    Share  price  ($)                                                                                                                         63.22           62.53
    Expected life (years)                                                                                                                      4.00             4.00
1 Exercise price ($)                                                                                                                          63.22
     Expected volatility was determined using statistical formulas and based on the weekly historical average of closing daily share prices over                     62.53
                                                                                                                                                 the period of the expected
     life of stock
    Share    price option.
                   ($)                                                                                                                        63.22                62.53
1
b) Expected    volatility washare
       Performance
   life of stock option.
                             determined
                                   unitsusing statistical formulas and based on the weekly historical average of closing daily share prices over the period of the expected

Under the PSU plan, the Board of Directors may grant PSUs to senior executives and other key employees (participants) which
entitle them
b)            to receive
      Performance         oneunits
                      share   Class A subordinate share for each PSU. The vesting performance conditions are determined by the
Board of Directors at the time of each grant. PSUs expire on the business day preceding December 31 of the third calendar year
Under the PSU plan, the Board of Directors may grant PSUs to senior executives and other key employees (participants) which
following the end of the fiscal year during which the PSU award was made, except in the event of retirement, termination of
entitle them to receive one Class A subordinate share for each PSU. The vesting performance conditions are determined by the
employment or death. Granted PSUs vest annually over a period of four years from the date of grant conditionally upon achievement
Board of Directors at the time of each grant. PSUs expire on the business day preceding December 31 of the third calendar year
of objectives.
following the end of the fiscal year during which the PSU award was made, except in the event of retirement, termination of
employment
Class   A      or death.shares
           subordinate   Granted PSUs
                               purchasedvestinannually over a
                                                connection    period
                                                            with the of
                                                                     PSUfour years
                                                                           plan arefrom
                                                                                     heldthe
                                                                                           in date     grant
                                                                                              trustoffor             of theupon
                                                                                                             conditionally
                                                                                                         the benefit             achievement
                                                                                                                            participants. The
of objectives.
trust, considered as a structured entity, is consolidated in the Company’s consolidated financial statements with the cost of the
purchased shares recorded as a reduction of capital stock (Note 18).
Class A subordinate shares purchased in connection with the PSU plan are held in trust for the benefit of the participants. The
trust,following
The    considered   as a
                table    structured
                      presents       entity, isconcerning
                                information     consolidated
                                                          thein the Company’s
                                                                umber of         consolidated
                                                                          outstanding            financial
                                                                                        PSUs granted         statements
                                                                                                           by the Company:with the cost of the
purchased shares recorded as a reduction of capital stock (Note 18).
 Outstanding
The followingas at
              tableSeptember
                     presents30, 2015
                              information concerning the number of outstanding PSUs granted by the Company:                                                  1,719,827
    Granted1                                                                                                                                                   570,000
    Exercised                                                                                                                                                 (969,241)
    Outstanding as at September 30, 2015                                                                                                                     1,719,827
    Forfeited                                                                                                                                                 (128,278)
    Granted1                                                                                                                                                   570,000
    Outstanding
    Exercised as at September 30, 2016                                                                                                                       1,192,308
                                                                                                                                                              (969,241)
            1
    Granted                                                                                                                                                    221,000
    Forfeited                                                                                                                                                 (128,278)
    Exercised as at September 30, 2016                                                                                                                        (659,640)
    Outstanding                                                                                                                                              1,192,308
    Forfeited                                                                                                                                                 (285,000)
    Granted1                                                                                                                                                   221,000
    Outstanding  as at September 30, 2017                                                                                                                      468,668
    Exercised                                                                                                                                                 (659,640)
1 Forfeited                                                                                                                                                    (285,000)
     The PSUs granted in 2017 had a grant date fair value of $62.49 per unit ($48.35 in 2016).
    Outstanding as at September 30, 2017                                                                                                                        468,668
On September 26, 2017, the Company adopted a new PSU plan with similar terms and conditions to the existing PSU plan. There
1
was
  Theno grant
      PSUs    under
           granted     the had
                   in 2017 newa grant
                                plandate
                                      during   the of
                                         fair value year ended
                                                      $62.49      September
                                                             per unit ($48.35 in 30,
                                                                                2016).2017.

On September 26, 2017, the Company adopted a new PSU plan with similar terms and conditions to the existing PSU plan. There
was no grant under the new plan during the year ended September 30, 2017.




102
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                                      44
                                                                                                                                                                                                 FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes
Notes
 Notes
 Notes
  Notes
      to
       toto
          toto
           the
           Notes
            the
             the
              the
               the to
                Consolidated
                 Consolidated
                  Consolidated
                  Consolidated
                   Consolidated
                      the        Financial
                              Financial
                              Financial
                               Notes   the
                               Financial
                                Financial
                          Consolidated
                              Notes to
                                     Notes
                                      to   Statements
                                        Financial
                                        Statements
                                         Statements
                                         the
                                          Statements
                                       NotesStatements
                                            Consolidated
                                             to
                                              Consolidated
                                               to
                                                the
                                                  the
                                                    Statements
                                                     Consolidated
                                                      Consolidated
                                                          Financial
                                                             Financial
                                                                  Financia
                                                                    Financ
                                                                     State
                                                                       Stat
For
 ForFor
      For
      the
      For
       the
        For
          the
           years
           the
            the
            years
              the
               years
                 years
                 years ended
                    ended
                      ended
                       ended
                   years
                   endedFor  the
                          ended  years
                            September
                               September
                                September
                                September
                           September
                                  Septemberended
                                            30,
                                             30,
                                               30,
                                                2017
                                                 30,
                                                 30,
                                                 2017
                                                  30,
                                                   2017
                                                     2017and
                                                      2017
                                                        and
                                                        2017
                                                   Septemberand
                                                              and
                                                               and
                                                               20162016
                                                                 and
                                                                  2016
                                                                   2016
                                                                201630,
                                                                     2016
                                                                      For
                                                                        2017
                                                                         For
                                                                           thethe
                                                                               and
                                                                               years
                                                                                   years
                                                                                    2016
                                                                                       Forended
                                                                                       ended
                                                                                          For
                                                                                            theSeptember
                                                                                               the
                                                                                                years
                                                                                                  September
                                                                                                    years
                                                                                                        ended
                                                                                                            ended
                                                                                                              30, 2017
                                                                                                                 30,
                                                                                                                September
                                                                                                                    September
                                                                                                                     2017
                                                                                                                        andand2016
                                                                                                                              30,
                                                                                                                                2016
                                                                                                                                 30,
                                                                                                                                  2017
                                                                                                                                     2017
                                                                                                                                        andand
                                                                                                                                             2016
                                                                                                                                                2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular
 (tabular
    (tabular
      (tabular
      (tabular
        (tabular
            amounts
             amounts
                amountsonly
                  amounts
                   amounts
                 amounts(tabular
                        only
                           only
                            only
                            only
                             are
                              are
                              only
                                are
                                 inin
                                 are
                                  are in
                                    are
                                     thousands
                                  amounts
                                       thousands
                                        in
                                         inin
                                          thousands
                                            thousands
                                            thousands
                                              thousands
                                                only of
                                                      of
                                                      areCanadian
                                                         ofof
                                                        Canadian
                                                           of
                                                            inof
                                                             Canadian
                                                               Canadian
                                                               Canadian
                                                                thousands
                                                                 Canadian
                                                                     dollars,
                                                                      (tabular
                                                                      dollars,
                                                                         dollars,
                                                                         (tabular
                                                                          dollars,
                                                                          dollars,
                                                                            of      except
                                                                               Canadian
                                                                                except
                                                                                amounts
                                                                                  exceptper
                                                                                   amounts
                                                                             dollars,
                                                                                    except
                                                                               except      dollars,
                                                                                       (tabular
                                                                                         per
                                                                                          (tabular
                                                                                           only
                                                                                           per
                                                                                      except per
                                                                                             per
                                                                                              share
                                                                                              hare
                                                                                               only
                                                                                               per
                                                                                                share
                                                                                                 are
                                                                                                 amounts
                                                                                                 share
                                                                                                 share
                                                                                                   share
                                                                                                    data)
                                                                                                     in  in
                                                                                                      xcept
                                                                                                       data)
                                                                                                        thousands
                                                                                                         data)
                                                                                                    amounts
                                                                                                         data)
                                                                                                     data) data)
                                                                                                            thousands
                                                                                                             only
                                                                                                              per
                                                                                                                only
                                                                                                                  are
                                                                                                                   share
                                                                                                                     of   in
                                                                                                                      in of  Canadian
                                                                                                                          data)
                                                                                                                         thousands
                                                                                                                        Canadian
                                                                                                                             thousands
                                                                                                                                    dollars,
                                                                                                                                     ofdollars,
                                                                                                                                        Canadian
                                                                                                                                         of Canadian
                                                                                                                                             except
                                                                                                                                                except
                                                                                                                                                   dollars,
                                                                                                                                                    per
                                                                                                                                                      dollars,
                                                                                                                                                       per
                                                                                                                                                        share
                                                                                                                                                            share
                                                                                                                                                            except
                                                                                                                                                               excep
                                                                                                                                                               data)
                                                                                                                                                                  da
                                                                                                                                                                   p
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


19.
19.
  19.
   19.
    19.
     Share-based
      Share-based
       Share-based
        Share-based
         Share-based
             19. Share-based
                  payments
                  payments
                    payments(continued)
                      payments
                           (continued)
                     payments (continued)
                               payments
                               (continued)
                                (continued)
                                     19.19.(continued)
                                            Share-based
                                              Share-based
                                                 19.
                                                   19.Share-based
                                                       Share-based
                                                         payments
                                                           payments
                                                                  payments
                                                                  (continued)
                                                                    payments
                                                                    (continued)
                                                                            (continued)
                                                                              (continued)
c)
 c) c)c)
19.   c)c)
      Share
       Share
         Share
           Share
           Share
            Share
             purchase
              purchase
                purchase
                 purchase
                 purchase
                  purchase
                   c)
         Share-based  planplan
                         plan
                          plan
                       plan
                       Shareplan
                              purchase plan
                          payments             c) c)Share
                                       (continued)    Share c)
                                                          purchase
                                                            purchase
                                                               c)
                                                                Share
                                                                   Share
                                                                   plan
                                                                      plan
                                                                      purchase
                                                                         purchase
                                                                               plan
                                                                                  plan
Under
 Under
    Under
      Under
       Under
         Under
           the
            thetheshare
                   the
                   the
                    share
                      the
                       share
                         share
                          share
                            share
                            purchase
                              purchase
                                Under
                                  purchase
                                    purchase
                                     purchase
                                        purchase
                                             the
                                               plan,
                                                plan,
                                                   share
                                                    plan,
                                                     plan,
                                                      plan,
                                                        the
                                                         plan,
                                                         thethe
                                                             purchase
                                                              Company
                                                               the
                                                               the
                                                                Company
                                                                  the
                                                                   Company
                                                                     Company
                                                                      Company
                                                                         Company
                                                                               plan,
                                                                                contributes
                                                                                  contributes
                                                                                      contributes
                                                                                        contributes
                                                                                        contributes
                                                                                         the
                                                                                           contributes
                                                                                             Under
                                                                                               Company
                                                                                                  Under
                                                                                                     an
                                                                                                      anthe
                                                                                                          an
                                                                                                          amount
                                                                                                            amount
                                                                                                            an
                                                                                                             anthe
                                                                                                                an
                                                                                                                amount
                                                                                                                share
                                                                                                                 contributes
                                                                                                                  amount
                                                                                                                  amount
                                                                                                                      amount
                                                                                                                      share
                                                                                                                        Under
                                                                                                                          equal
                                                                                                                           equal
                                                                                                                            purchase
                                                                                                                             Under
                                                                                                                               equal
                                                                                                                                  purchase
                                                                                                                                  equal
                                                                                                                                   equal
                                                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                                                      equal
                                                                                                                                      toto
                                                                                                                                         anthe
                                                                                                                                            ato
                                                                                                                                             share
                                                                                                                                              ato
                                                                                                                                               percentage
                                                                                                                                               amount
                                                                                                                                               toplan,
                                                                                                                                                 percentage
                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                                   share
                                                                                                                                                    apercentage
                                                                                                                                                      plan,
                                                                                                                                                       percentage
                                                                                                                                                        percentage
                                                                                                                                                         purchase
                                                                                                                                                           percentage
                                                                                                                                                           thepurchase
                                                                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                                                                 qual
                                                                                                                                                                  Company
                                                                                                                                                                     ofof
                                                                                                                                                                       Company
                                                                                                                                                                           tof
                                                                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                                                                            plan,
                                                                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                                                                               of
                                                                                                                                                                               ofathe
                                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                                                    plan,
                                                                                                                                                                                    employee's
                                                                                                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                                                                                                     percentage
                                                                                                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                                                                                                      employee's
                                                                                                                                                                                         contributes
                                                                                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                                                                          employee's
                                                                                                                                                                                             employee's
                                                                                                                                                                                               contributes
                                                                                                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                                                                                                mployee's
                                                                                                                                                                                                 employee's
                                                                                                                                                                                                 CompanyCompany
                                                                                                                                                                                                             basic
                                                                                                                                                                                                             of
                                                                                                                                                                                                              basic
                                                                                                                                                                                                                an the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   basic
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     basic
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      basic
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      an
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       amount
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ontributes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         basic
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         contribution,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          employee's
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          contribution,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             amount
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ontributes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               contribution,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ontribution,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ontribution,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    contribution,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      equal equal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            an   basic
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 an
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 amount
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      amou
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         perc
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          con
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           a  pe
c)
up
 upuptoShare
      up
      to
       upup
          a
          totoatoaapurchase
             maximum
           ato       maximum
               maximum
                   maximum
                     a
                     maximum
                        maximum up
                                of
                                 of of plan
                                      3.50%.
                                      to
                                       3.50%.
                                        of
                                         of3.50%.
                                           of3.50%.
                                              3.50%.
                                               maximum
                                                3.50%.
                                                   An
                                                    An   employee
                                                        AnAn
                                                          An
                                                          employee
                                                            Anemployee
                                                                employee
                                                                 employee
                                                                 ofemployee
                                                                     3.50%.may
                                                                            may maymay
                                                                                   An
                                                                                   maymake
                                                                                      may
                                                                                    make  employee
                                                                                          make
                                                                                            make
                                                                                            make
                                                                                             upmake
                                                                                               additional
                                                                                                 additional
                                                                                                  up
                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                    additional
                                                                                                       additional
                                                                                                       additional
                                                                                                        a
                                                                                                        toadditional
                                                                                                           maximum
                                                                                                            may
                                                                                                             a        make
                                                                                                                 maximumup   up
                                                                                                                   contributions
                                                                                                                  contributions
                                                                                                                              toofa  3.50%.
                                                                                                                              contributions
                                                                                                                          contributions
                                                                                                                                  additional
                                                                                                                                    to
                                                                                                                         contributionsof
                                                                                                                           contributionsmaximum
                                                                                                                                          a 3.50%.
                                                                                                                                              maximum
                                                                                                                                              inin  excess
                                                                                                                                                    in    in
                                                                                                                                                     excess
                                                                                                                                                     An
                                                                                                                                                      in
                                                                                                                                                       in   excess
                                                                                                                                                           An
                                                                                                                                                           excess  of
                                                                                                                                                        contributions
                                                                                                                                                            employee
                                                                                                                                                             of
                                                                                                                                                              excess
                                                                                                                                                         excess  3.50%.
                                                                                                                                                                  of   of
                                                                                                                                                                       3.50%.
                                                                                                                                                                       the
                                                                                                                                                                 employeethe
                                                                                                                                                                          of
                                                                                                                                                                           of the
                                                                                                                                                                              ofbasic
                                                                                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                                                                                 the
                                                                                                                                                                                  may
                                                                                                                                                                                  basic
                                                                                                                                                                                  Anin
                                                                                                                                                                                     the may
                                                                                                                                                                                       basic
                                                                                                                                                                                         An
                                                                                                                                                                                          excess
                                                                                                                                                                                          basic
                                                                                                                                                                                          basic
                                                                                                                                                                                          employee
                                                                                                                                                                                             make
                                                                                                                                                                                             basic
                                                                                                                                                                                              contribution,
                                                                                                                                                                                                 employee
                                                                                                                                                                                                  ontribution,
                                                                                                                                                                                                    make
                                                                                                                                                                                                    contribution,
                                                                                                                                                                                                       contribution,
                                                                                                                                                                                                         ontribution,
                                                                                                                                                                                                          of
                                                                                                                                                                                                          contribution,
                                                                                                                                                                                                           additional
                                                                                                                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                may
                                                                                                                                                                                                                additional
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      may however
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        however
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       basic
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          makehowever
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                make
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 however
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 however  the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   contribution,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    however
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    contributions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      additional
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ontributions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            additional
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            the the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    the in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         cont
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          how
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ex
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              c
 Company
    Company
      Company
CompanyCompany
         Company  does
                   doesdoes
                         does
                         does
                           not
                            does
                            not notnot
                                  match
                                Company
                                   not
                                   match
                                      not
                                       match
                                          match
                                          match
                                             match
                                               contributions
                                                contributions
                                                   does
                                                   contributions
                                                     contributions
                                                     contributions
                                                        contributions
                                                            not   match
                                                                     in    the
                                                                         the
                                                                       in inin
                                                                             inin
                                                                              contributions
                                                                              the
                                                                                case
                                                                                the
                                                                                 the
                                                                                 case
                                                                                    the
                                                                                     case
                                                                                       case
                                                                                        case
                                                                                          of
                                                                                           case
                                                                                           of  of
                                                                                              such
                                                                                             Company
                                                                                               such
                                                                                                of
                                                                                                 of
                                                                                                  Company
                                                                                                    of
                                                                                                     uch
                                                                                                     such
                                                                                                     such
                                                                                                      inadditional
                                                                                                        such
                                                                                                         additional
                                                                                                          theadditional
                                                                                                               additional
                                                                                                                additional
                                                                                                                does
                                                                                                                 case does of
                                                                                                                  additional
                                                                                                                          notCompany
                                                                                                                            contributions.
                                                                                                                        Company not
                                                                                                                                such
                                                                                                                                 contributions.
                                                                                                                                  match
                                                                                                                                   contributions.
                                                                                                                                    contributions. does
                                                                                                                                       contributions.
                                                                                                                                        match
                                                                                                                           contributions.   additional
                                                                                                                                             does       not
                                                                                                                                                     contributions
                                                                                                                                                contributions
                                                                                                                                                        The
                                                                                                                                                         The The
                                                                                                                                                             not
                                                                                                                                                              match
                                                                                                                                                               The
                                                                                                                                                               The
                                                                                                                                                               contributions.
                                                                                                                                                               employee
                                                                                                                                                                 employee
                                                                                                                                                                  The
                                                                                                                                                                   match
                                                                                                                                                                     employee
                                                                                                                                                                        employee
                                                                                                                                                                          in
                                                                                                                                                                          mployeein
                                                                                                                                                                           employee
                                                                                                                                                                               the      case
                                                                                                                                                                                      and
                                                                                                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                                                                                                        and
                                                                                                                                                                            contributions   and
                                                                                                                                                                                              The
                                                                                                                                                                                               case
                                                                                                                                                                                               and
                                                                                                                                                                                   contributionsand
                                                                                                                                                                                                Company'ssuch
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Company's
                                                                                                                                                                                                   andin
                                                                                                                                                                                                    of
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Company's
                                                                                                                                                                                                          of   in
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Company's
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Company's
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Company's
                                                                                                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                                                                                                              such
                                                                                                                                                                                                        employee   additional
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      case    contributions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         additional
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         contributions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           case
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       contributions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                contributions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                contributions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   contributions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Company's
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    such
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ofcontributions.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          such
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             contribution
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               additional
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    addition
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          con
Under the share purchase plan, the Company contributes an amount equal to a percentage of the employee's basic contribution,
are
 areare
      are
       are
        remitted
         are
          mitted
           remitted
             remitted
              remitted
                 remitted
                      toto to
                           anto
                            an
                             toan
                                are
                                independent
                                to
                                 independent
                                  an
                                  ananindependent
                                        remitted
                                        independent
                                         independent
                                           independent  plan
                                                        oplan
                                                           an  plan
                                                              plan
                                                            plan administrator
                                                                 independent
                                                                  administrator
                                                                  plan
                                                                     administrator
                                                                        administrator
                                                                        administrator
                                                                           administratorplan
                                                                                          who
                                                                                           who
                                                                                             are
                                                                                              whopurchases
                                                                                                who
                                                                                                 administrator
                                                                                                who
                                                                                                  are
                                                                                                  purchases
                                                                                                  who
                                                                                                    remitted
                                                                                                      purchases
                                                                                                        purchases
                                                                                                         purchases
                                                                                                         remitted
                                                                                                            purchasestoare
                                                                                                                      Class
                                                                                                                       Class
                                                                                                                          an
                                                                                                                          to
                                                                                                                          who
                                                                                                                           Class
                                                                                                                             are
                                                                                                                               an A
                                                                                                                               remitted
                                                                                                                              Class
                                                                                                                              Class
                                                                                                                                 Class
                                                                                                                                    A   AA
                                                                                                                                     purchases
                                                                                                                                     remitted
                                                                                                                                independentA  Asubordinate
                                                                                                                                             subordinate
                                                                                                                                       subordinate
                                                                                                                                      independent
                                                                                                                                               subordinate
                                                                                                                                                  to
                                                                                                                                                   subordinate
                                                                                                                                          ubordinate  anto plan
                                                                                                                                                           Class
                                                                                                                                                            an shares
                                                                                                                                                                plan
                                                                                                                                                                sharesAshares
                                                                                                                                                                    administrator
                                                                                                                                                                    shares
                                                                                                                                                                  independent
                                                                                                                                                             independent
                                                                                                                                                                       shares
                                                                                                                                                                          administrator
                                                                                                                                                                           shares
                                                                                                                                                                             ubordinate
                                                                                                                                                                               on
                                                                                                                                                                                onon    on
                                                                                                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                                                                                                       heon
                                                                                                                                                                                         plan
                                                                                                                                                                                            onhe
                                                                                                                                                                                               open
                                                                                                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                                                                                                               plan
                                                                                                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                                                                                                 open
                                                                                                                                                                                                  who
                                                                                                                                                                                                   the  open
                                                                                                                                                                                                     open
                                                                                                                                                                                                       shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                       open
                                                                                                                                                                                                   administrator
                                                                                                                                                                                                         who
                                                                                                                                                                                                          administrator
                                                                                                                                                                                                           market
                                                                                                                                                                                                           open
                                                                                                                                                                                                            market
                                                                                                                                                                                                            purchases
                                                                                                                                                                                                                market
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  purchases
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  market
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   market
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      market
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            thewho
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               on on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 behalf
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                behalf
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Class
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   open
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    who
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     behalf
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       n
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       behalf
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Classof
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        purchases
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           behalf
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        behalf
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             purchases
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              A
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              market
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              of  subordin
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Aof
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ofsubor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       of  on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Cla
up to a maximum of 3.50%. An employee may make additional contributions in excess of the basic contribution, however the
the
 thethe
      employee
      the
       the
         the
          mployee
           employee
             employee
               mployee
                employee     through
                          through
                         through
                               through
                                the
                                through
                                   through
                                       employee
                                        either
                                          either
                                              either
                                               either
                                                either
                                                  either
                                                   the   through
                                                         TSX
                                                    thethethe
                                                          the
                                                           TSX
                                                            the
                                                              TSX
                                                                TSX
                                                                 TSX
                                                                  or
                                                                   TSX
                                                                   or   either
                                                                       or
                                                                      New
                                                                        New
                                                                         or
                                                                         or New
                                                                            orNew
                                                                              New
                                                                               York
                                                                                New
                                                                                 York
                                                                                   the
                                                                                     York
                                                                                       York
                                                                                       YorkStock
                                                                                          TSX
                                                                                           York
                                                                                          Stock
                                                                                             the
                                                                                              Stock
                                                                                                Stock
                                                                                                Stock
                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                  or
                                                                                                  Stock  employee
                                                                                                    employee
                                                                                                     Exchange.
                                                                                                       New
                                                                                                         Exchange.
                                                                                                    Exchange.
                                                                                                           Exchange.
                                                                                                            Exchange.
                                                                                                               Exchange.
                                                                                                                 York   the
                                                                                                                        through
                                                                                                                          Stock
                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                             through
                                                                                                                               employee
                                                                                                                                     employee
                                                                                                                                        Exchange.
                                                                                                                                        either eitherthe
                                                                                                                                                    through
                                                                                                                                                          through
                                                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                                                             TSX TSXeither
                                                                                                                                                                     or   either
                                                                                                                                                                           New
                                                                                                                                                                            or    the
                                                                                                                                                                                  New   York
                                                                                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                                                                          TSX York
                                                                                                                                                                                                 TSX
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Stock
                                                                                                                                                                                                     or  Stock
                                                                                                                                                                                                           New
                                                                                                                                                                                                           or  Exchange.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                New  York
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Exchange.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          York StockStock  Exchange.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Exchange
Company does not match contributions in the case of such additional contributions. The employee and Company's contributions
are remitted to an independent plan administrator who purchases Class A subordinate shares on the open market on behalf of
 d)d)
d)
the   d)
       d)d)
       Deferred
         Deferred
            Deferred
      employee    Deferred
               Deferred
              Deferred   share
                           share
                              share
                         throughshare
                                 share
                                  )   unit unit
                                         Deferred
                                       unit
                                   shareeitherunit
                                              plan
                                                plan
                                                unit
                                             unit  plan
                                                     plan
                                                     plan
                                                    he    share
                                                        plan
                                                         TSX      orunit
                                                                      Newplan  York Stock    d) d)        Deferred
                                                                                                     Deferred
                                                                                                    Exchange.           share
                                                                                                                        d)                  unit
                                                                                                                                       Deferred
                                                                                                                                     unit
                                                                                                                                Deferred
                                                                                                                              share
                                                                                                                             d)                 plan share
                                                                                                                                                     plan  share unit  unitplan   plan
External
 External
    External
      External
       External
         External
               members
                 members
                     members
                       members
                       members
                          members
                                External
                                 ofof the
                                       of
                                        the
                                          ofthe
                                          ofofBoard
                                              the
                                              the
                                               Board
                                                 members
                                                 the
                                                  Board
                                                    Board
                                                    Board
                                                       Board
                                                        ofofDirectors
                                                             ofof
                                                              Directors
                                                                ofof
                                                                  Directors
                                                                  of
                                                                   Directors
                                                                      the   Board
                                                                    Directors (participants)
                                                                               (participants)
                                                                       Directors   (participants)
                                                                                     (participants)
                                                                                      (participants)
                                                                                         (participants)
                                                                                          of External
                                                                                             Directors
                                                                                                  External
                                                                                                      are
                                                                                                        are  are
                                                                                                           areare  entitled
                                                                                                             entitled
                                                                                                               (participants)
                                                                                                                 are
                                                                                                                 ntitled
                                                                                                             members
                                                                                                                   members
                                                                                                                      entitled
                                                                                                                        External
                                                                                                                        ntitled
                                                                                                                         entitled
                                                                                                                             to   receive
                                                                                                                              toofto
                                                                                                                             External
                                                                                                                                    receive
                                                                                                                                     to
                                                                                                                                      tof
                                                                                                                                       the
                                                                                                                                        receive
                                                                                                                                         to
                                                                                                                                          members
                                                                                                                                          are
                                                                                                                                           receive
                                                                                                                                           receive
                                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                                               BoardBoard
                                                                                                                                                members
                                                                                                                                                   entitled
                                                                                                                                                   part
                                                                                                                                                    part
                                                                                                                                              receive    part
                                                                                                                                                           part
                                                                                                                                                           part
                                                                                                                                                            or
                                                                                                                                                            of
                                                                                                                                                             or
                                                                                                                                                              of
                                                                                                                                                              part
                                                                                                                                                                Directors
                                                                                                                                                                 or
                                                                                                                                                                 of
                                                                                                                                                                 heir
                                                                                                                                                                 to
                                                                                                                                                                 their
                                                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                                                   or
                                                                                                                                                                    rf
                                                                                                                                                                     Directors
                                                                                                                                                                     their
                                                                                                                                                                      or
                                                                                                                                                                      receive
                                                                                                                                                                        their
                                                                                                                                                                        their
                                                                                                                                                                          Board
                                                                                                                                                                          entire
                                                                                                                                                                            their
                                                                                                                                                                               ntire
                                                                                                                                                                                 Board
                                                                                                                                                                                 entire   of
                                                                                                                                                                                       ntire
                                                                                                                                                                                       ntire
                                                                                                                                                                                        entire
                                                                                                                                                                                         part   ofretainer
                                                                                                                                                                                              tainer
                                                                                                                                                                                               Directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                retainer
                                                                                                                                                                                           retainer
                                                                                                                                                                                                  retainer
                                                                                                                                                                                     (participants)
                                                                                                                                                                                                  or Directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                       etainer
                                                                                                                                                                                                        their
                                                                                                                                                                                            (participants) fee
                                                                                                                                                                                                            feefeeare
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  entire
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   fee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    fee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    in  are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      fee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        in in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       DSUs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         DSUs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (participants)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (participants)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ntitled
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              DSUs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               retainer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               DSUs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                DSUs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                entitled
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  DSUs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     DSUsto
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       DSUs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          DSUs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             DSUs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             DSUs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              receive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              fee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                DSUs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   receive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    entitled
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     in  DSU
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         entit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           pa
d)
are
 areareDeferred
      granted
      are
       are
       granted
         are
           granted
             granted
             granted withshare
                      with
                 granted    with
                          with
                            with
                            immediate unit
                              immediate
                               with
                                are           plan
                                        immediate
                                    immediate
                                     immediate
                                       granted
                                  immediate      vesting
                                                  vesting
                                                     with
                                                     vesting
                                                       vesting
                                                        vesting
                                                           vesting
                                                             immediate
                                                              and
                                                               and and
                                                                    andmust
                                                                     andand
                                                                     must must
                                                                            must
                                                                            must
                                                                               be
                                                                               must
                                                                                be
                                                                                vesting
                                                                                    be
                                                                                     exercised
                                                                                      exercised
                                                                                      be
                                                                                       bebe       are
                                                                                          exercised
                                                                                            exercised
                                                                                             are
                                                                                              xercised
                                                                                              and     must
                                                                                               exercised
                                                                                                       no
                                                                                                        no     no
                                                                                                         granted
                                                                                                    granted no
                                                                                                            later
                                                                                                              no later
                                                                                                                be
                                                                                                                 no
                                                                                                             later with
                                                                                                                   later
                                                                                                                    later
                                                                                                                      than
                                                                                                                      exercised
                                                                                                                       later
                                                                                                                        are
                                                                                                                         with
                                                                                                                           an
                                                                                                                           than
                                                                                                                             are than
                                                                                                                              than
                                                                                                                               granted
                                                                                                                               December
                                                                                                                                 December
                                                                                                                            immediate
                                                                                                                                 an
                                                                                                                                  immediate
                                                                                                                                     granted
                                                                                                                                     December
                                                                                                                                        December
                                                                                                                                        December
                                                                                                                                           no
                                                                                                                                           December
                                                                                                                                                with
                                                                                                                                                 later
                                                                                                                                                   vesting
                                                                                                                                                     15
                                                                                                                                                     withof
                                                                                                                                                        15  15
                                                                                                                                                           than
                                                                                                                                                         vesting
                                                                                                                                                             of
                                                                                                                                                              15 15
                                                                                                                                                              15of
                                                                                                                                                         immediate
                                                                                                                                                                theofof
                                                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                                                 the
                                                                                                                                                                   of
                                                                                                                                                              immediate
                                                                                                                                                                   December
                                                                                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                                                                                       and
                                                                                                                                                                       calendar
                                                                                                                                                                       the
                                                                                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                                                                                        calendar
                                                                                                                                                                          must
                                                                                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                                                                                             calendar
                                                                                                                                                                               vesting
                                                                                                                                                                                 must  be
                                                                                                                                                                                     calendar
                                                                                                                                                                                      vesting
                                                                                                                                                                                calendar
                                                                                                                                                                                 calendar   year
                                                                                                                                                                                            15
                                                                                                                                                                                             be
                                                                                                                                                                                             exercised
                                                                                                                                                                                              year
                                                                                                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                                                                                                  year
                                                                                                                                                                                                  of      must
                                                                                                                                                                                                    exercised
                                                                                                                                                                                                     year
                                                                                                                                                                                                     year
                                                                                                                                                                                                      and
                                                                                                                                                                                                       immediately
                                                                                                                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                                                                                                                         year     immediately
                                                                                                                                                                                                            immediately
                                                                                                                                                                                                              immediately
                                                                                                                                                                                                               calendar
                                                                                                                                                                                                               must
                                                                                                                                                                                                               immediately
                                                                                                                                                                                                         immediately
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  no be no
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        later
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          be     year
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              later
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                following
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                exercised
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 following
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          exercised
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  than
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     following
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       following
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        than
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        following
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          immediately
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          following
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           December
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                oDecembe
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   no
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   laterlater
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           tha1
the
 thethe
      calendar
      the
       the
       calendar
         the
           calendar
             calendar
             calendar
                calendar
                      year
                        year
                           year
                             year
                             year
                               during
                                the
                                during
                                year   calendar
                                       during
                                       during
                                    duringduring
                                           which
                                             which
                                                 which
                                                  which
                                                   which
                                                     which
                                                      the
                                                       year
                                                       the the
                                                            participant
                                                            the
                                                             the
                                                             participant
                                                               during
                                                                the
                                                                 participant
                                                                   participant
                                                                   participant
                                                                      participant
                                                                           which
                                                                               ceasesceases
                                                                                ceasesthe
                                                                                       ceases
                                                                                       ceases
                                                                                          ceases
                                                                                             participant
                                                                                             to
                                                                                             theto
                                                                                              to act
                                                                                                  act
                                                                                                  the      act
                                                                                                    calendar
                                                                                                    to
                                                                                                    toact
                                                                                                       to
                                                                                                       as
                                                                                                        act
                                                                                                         as
                                                                                                         acta  asas
                                                                                                               s
                                                                                                         calendar       a
                                                                                                                Director.
                                                                                                                ceases
                                                                                                              aasDirector.
                                                                                                                    aa
                                                                                                                     year year
                                                                                                                        Director.
                                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                                         Director.
                                                                                                                     Director.
                                                                                                                           Director.
                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                              during
                                                                                                                               calendar
                                                                                                                                 Each
                                                                                                                                   Each
                                                                                                                                    act
                                                                                                                                     during
                                                                                                                                     calendar
                                                                                                                                        Each
                                                                                                                                          Each
                                                                                                                                          Each
                                                                                                                                            as DSU
                                                                                                                                              Each
                                                                                                                                             which
                                                                                                                                              DSUayear
                                                                                                                                                   which
                                                                                                                                                   DSU
                                                                                                                                                     Director.
                                                                                                                                                     DSU
                                                                                                                                                     DSUyear  the
                                                                                                                                                        entitles
                                                                                                                                                         DSU
                                                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                                         entitles
                                                                                                                                                           during   participant
                                                                                                                                                               entitles
                                                                                                                                                               participant
                                                                                                                                                               entitles
                                                                                                                                                                during
                                                                                                                                                                  entitles
                                                                                                                                                             entitlesEach
                                                                                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                                                                                       the
                                                                                                                                                                       whichthe holder
                                                                                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                                                                                               which
                                                                                                                                                                                 older
                                                                                                                                                                                  DSU
                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                     holder
                                                                                                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                                                                                                       ceases
                                                                                                                                                                                        holder
                                                                                                                                                                                        holder
                                                                                                                                                                                           holder
                                                                                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                                                                                             to
                                                                                                                                                                                              ceases
                                                                                                                                                                                               to    eceive
                                                                                                                                                                                                  receive
                                                                                                                                                                                                    to
                                                                                                                                                                                              participant
                                                                                                                                                                                              entitlesto
                                                                                                                                                                                                      tototoact
                                                                                                                                                                                                         receive
                                                                                                                                                                                                           receive
                                                                                                                                                                                                           receive
                                                                                                                                                                                                     participant
                                                                                                                                                                                                             to
                                                                                                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                                                                                                              receive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  act
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   asaa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ceases
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     holder
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      cash
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       cash
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          as Director.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          a aa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ceases
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              cash
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              cash
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           cash    to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                payment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 cash
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 payment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  to    payment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     payment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       receive
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        payment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        act
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Director.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         topayment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Each
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             act
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              as   Each
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   asaDirect
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       DSU
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       cash
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         a Dir
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            DS
External members of the Board of Directors (participants) are entitled to receive part or their entire retainer fee in DSUs. DSUs
equal
 equal
    equal
      equal
       equal
         equal
          to
           to the
               to
                the
                  to
                  toto
                    the
                     closing
                      the
                      the
                       closing
                         the    equal
                            closing
                               closing
                          closing
                            closingprice
                                    priceprice of
                                           price
                                           price
                                            tof  Class
                                                the
                                              price
                                                  ofof
                                                  Class
                                                    of
                                                     Class
                                                      closing
                                                       of
                                                        Class
                                                        Class
                                                           Class
                                                           AA   AA subordinate
                                                                  ubordinate
                                                                   AA
                                                                   price
                                                              subordinate
                                                                     subordinate
                                                                      subordinate
                                                                         subordinate
                                                                            of  Classshares
                                                                                      sharesA
                                                                                            shares
                                                                                          shares
                                                                                            shares
                                                                                             equal
                                                                                               shares
                                                                                               subordinate
                                                                                                 on
                                                                                                  equal
                                                                                                  on  on
                                                                                                       the
                                                                                                        to
                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                        on  the
                                                                                                           non
                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                             TSX
                                                                                                             to
                                                                                                              the
                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                               TSX
                                                                                                                 the
                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                   TSXshares
                                                                                                                     TSX
                                                                                                                      TSX
                                                                                                                   closing
                                                                                                                       on
                                                                                                                        equal
                                                                                                                         on
                                                                                                                         TSX
                                                                                                                         closing
                                                                                                                            on
                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                             equal
                                                                                                                              the
                                                                                                                               on
                                                                                                                               on ontothe
                                                                                                                                   then
                                                                                                                                   price
                                                                                                                                     the price
                                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                     payment
                                                                                                                                          to
                                                                                                                                           payment
                                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                                      paymentpayment
                                                                                                                                              payment
                                                                                                                                              of
                                                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                                                                 closing
                                                                                                                                                 payment
                                                                                                                                                   TSX
                                                                                                                                                   Class
                                                                                                                                                    ofclosing
                                                                                                                                                        date.
                                                                                                                                                         Class
                                                                                                                                                         date.
                                                                                                                                                            onA  As
                                                                                                                                                               price
                                                                                                                                                               date.
                                                                                                                                                             date.
                                                                                                                                                                 the
                                                                                                                                                               date.
                                                                                                                                                                  date.
                                                                                                                                                                   As
                                                                                                                                                                    A  at
                                                                                                                                                                    price
                                                                                                                                                                       Asat
                                                                                                                                                                       subordinate
                                                                                                                                                                         payment
                                                                                                                                                                  subordinate
                                                                                                                                                                          As
                                                                                                                                                                          of
                                                                                                                                                                          As September
                                                                                                                                                                              As
                                                                                                                                                                              at
                                                                                                                                                                               September
                                                                                                                                                                               Class
                                                                                                                                                                                of
                                                                                                                                                                                 at
                                                                                                                                                                                  at September
                                                                                                                                                                                      Class  Adate.
                                                                                                                                                                                          September
                                                                                                                                                                                       September
                                                                                                                                                                                             shares
                                                                                                                                                                                       September subordinate
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Ashares
                                                                                                                                                                                                       30,
                                                                                                                                                                                                        subordinate
                                                                                                                                                                                                         30,
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Ason
                                                                                                                                                                                                            30,
                                                                                                                                                                                                              2017,
                                                                                                                                                                                                               30,
                                                                                                                                                                                                               30,
                                                                                                                                                                                                               at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                2017,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  30,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    he
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2017,the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2017,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2017,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TSX
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2017,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     September
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             theTSX
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  number
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   number
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   on theon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       number
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          number
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          number
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           30,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             number
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                payment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2017,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TSX
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     payme
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TSXthe
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             on
are granted with immediate vesting and must be exercised no later than December 15 of the calendar year immediately following
of
 of ofof
   outstanding
     outstanding
       ofof
         outstanding
           outstanding
           outstanding
              outstanding DSUs
                           DSUsDSUs
                                of
                                 DSUs
                                 DSUs
                                    DSUs
                                     outstanding
                                      was
                                       was was  136,246
                                              was
                                               136,246
                                              waswas
                                                   136,246
                                                     136,246
                                                     136,246
                                                        136,246
                                                           DSUs     (107,856
                                                              (107,856
                                                                  (107,856
                                                             (107,856
                                                                    (107,856
                                                                     was(107,856
                                                                              136,246
                                                                              DSUs
                                                                               DSUsDSUs
                                                                                     DSUs
                                                                                      DSUs
                                                                                         DSUs
                                                                                          as
                                                                                           as   at
                                                                                             ofat
                                                                                               as of
                                                                                                 as
                                                                                                 as
                                                                                              (107,856
                                                                                                    at outstanding
                                                                                                   September
                                                                                                     September
                                                                                                       atat
                                                                                                 outstanding
                                                                                                    asat September
                                                                                                          September
                                                                                                           September
                                                                                                              September
                                                                                                               DSUs        as
                                                                                                                        of30,
                                                                                                                         DSUsof30,
                                                                                                                            outstanding
                                                                                                                           30, DSUs
                                                                                                                                 2016).
                                                                                                                                 30,
                                                                                                                                  at
                                                                                                                                  30,
                                                                                                                                  outstanding
                                                                                                                                   2016).
                                                                                                                                     30,
                                                                                                                                      was
                                                                                                                                       2016).
                                                                                                                                       September
                                                                                                                                          2016).
                                                                                                                                          2016).
                                                                                                                                             was136,246
                                                                                                                                              2016). 136,246
                                                                                                                                                     DSUs   DSUs
                                                                                                                                                              30,
                                                                                                                                                                (107,856
                                                                                                                                                                  was2016).
                                                                                                                                                                      (107,856
                                                                                                                                                                       was 136,246136,246
                                                                                                                                                                                      DSUs  DSUs     (107,856
                                                                                                                                                                                                    as
                                                                                                                                                                                                (107,856  as
                                                                                                                                                                                                          at  September
                                                                                                                                                                                                                atDSUs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     September
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         DSUs   as atas
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      30,at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          September
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           30,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             2016).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Septembe
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2016).       3
the calendar year during which the participant ceases to act as a Director. Each DSU entitles the holder to receive a cash payment
equal to the closing price of Class A subordinate shares on the TSX on the payment date. As at September 30, 2017, the number
 e)outstanding
e)
of  e)e)
       e)e)
       Share-based
         Share-based
            Share-based
              Share-based
               Share-based
                  Share-based
                          DSUs    payment
                                      payment
                                 payment
                                e)    wasShare-based
                                         payment
                                            payment
                                         payment   costs
                                                    costs
                                               136,246 costs
                                                         costs
                                                          costs
                                                            costspayment
                                                             (107,856         DSUs costs  ase)ate)        Share-based
                                                                                                     Share-based
                                                                                                   September            e)30,e)payment
                                                                                                                                Share-based
                                                                                                                                 2016).Share-based
                                                                                                                                       payment       costs costs
                                                                                                                                                             payment
                                                                                                                                                                  payment         costs  costs
The
 TheThe
      The
       The
       share-based
         share-based
         Theshare-based
              share-based
               share-based
                  share-based  payment
                                The
                                paymentpayment
                                    payment
                                       payment
                                         share-based
                                          payment
                                                expense
                                                  expense
                                                     expense
                                                       expense
                                                       expense
                                                          expense
                                                               payment
                                                                recorded
                                                                 recorded
                                                                    recorded
                                                                      recorded
                                                                       recorded expense
                                                                                inin in
                                                                          recorded   costs
                                                                                      costs
                                                                                        in
                                                                                         in
                                                                                          costs
                                                                                           in   of
                                                                                            costs
                                                                                             costs
                                                                                             The
                                                                                               costs
                                                                                               of   of
                                                                                                  The
                                                                                                recorded
                                                                                                     services,
                                                                                                     share-based
                                                                                                     ervices,
                                                                                                      of
                                                                                                       ofof
                                                                                                         services,
                                                                                                          share-based
                                                                                                           services,
                                                                                                           services,
                                                                                                              services,
                                                                                                                 in   selling
                                                                                                                       costs
                                                                                                                       selling
                                                                                                                        The  The selling
                                                                                                                             selling
                                                                                                                              selling
                                                                                                                              payment
                                                                                                                                share-based
                                                                                                                           sellingofand
                                                                                                                                     payment
                                                                                                                                     and
                                                                                                                                       share-based
                                                                                                                                        services,
                                                                                                                                          andand
                                                                                                                                             and  expense
                                                                                                                                               administrative
                                                                                                                                                and
                                                                                                                                             administrative
                                                                                                                                                   administrative
                                                                                                                                                     administrative
                                                                                                                                                     administrative
                                                                                                                                                        expense
                                                                                                                                                         administrative
                                                                                                                                                           selling
                                                                                                                                                            payment
                                                                                                                                                                payment
                                                                                                                                                                   recorded
                                                                                                                                                                        and
                                                                                                                                                                         recorded
                                                                                                                                                                         isisas is
                                                                                                                                                                                as isexpense
                                                                                                                                                                                    is
                                                                                                                                                                                 xpense
                                                                                                                                                                                     as
                                                                                                                                                                                      follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                       isin
                                                                                                                                                                                        follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                        as
                                                                                                                                                                                         as as
                                                                                                                                                                                            follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                              costs
                                                                                                                                                                                               follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                               in
                                                                                                                                                                                               follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                  administrative  follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                  recorded
                                                                                                                                                                                                    costs of   services,
                                                                                                                                                                                                         recorded
                                                                                                                                                                                                                of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 is in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     services,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      as  costs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            in   costs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  selling
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ofselling
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           services,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           of  and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                services,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    andadmin
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           sel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ad
e) Share-based payment costs
The share-based payment expense recorded in costs of services, selling and administrative is as follows:Year
                                                                                                         Year
                                                                                                           Year
                                                                                                             Year
                                                                                                             ended
                                                                                                             Year
                                                                                                              ended
                                                                                                               Year ended
                                                                                                                  ended
                                                                                                                  ended
                                                                                                                    September
                                                                                                                endedSeptember
                                                                                                                       September
                                                                                                                        September
                                                                                                                        September
                                                                                                                          September
                                                                                                                             Year
                                                                                                                              30
                                                                                                                               30 3030
                                                                                                                                  ended
                                                                                                                                    3030 Sep
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2017
                                                                                                                                                                                                    2017
                                                                                                                                                                                                      2017
                                                                                                                                                                                                        2017
                                                                                                                                                                                                        2017
                                                                                                                                                                                                          2017                       2017
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                      $$ $ $$ $          $$$ $ $$ $
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Year ended September 30
    Stock
     Stock
       Stock
        Stock
        Stock
          options
          Stock
           options
              options
               options
               options
                 options Stock options                                                               Stock                     options
                                                                                                                           options
                                                                                                                        Stock
                                                                                                              optionsStock
                                                                                                           options
                                                                                                        Stock                                                                                 25,133 25,133
                                                                                                                                                                                                   25,133
                                                                                                                                                                                                  25,133
                                                                                                                                                                                                 25,133
                                                                                                                                                                                               25,133                           25,133
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               17,720
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                17,720
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  17,720
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   17,720
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    17,720
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      17,720
                                                                                                                                                                                                2017                             2016
    PSUsPSUs
     PSUs PSUs
       PSUs
        PSUs             PSUs                                                                           PSUs
                                                                                                     PSUs               PSUs
                                                                                                                     PSUs                                                                      9,310   9,310
                                                                                                                                                                                                     9,310
                                                                                                                                                                                                    9,310
                                                                                                                                                                                                  9,310
                                                                                                                                                                                                9,310                            9,310
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               20,579
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                20,579
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  20,579
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   20,579
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    20,579
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      20,579
                                                                                                                                                                                                    $                                $
    Share
     Share
       Share
        Share
        Share
          Share
           purchase
            purchase
              purchaseplan
               purchase
                purchase    planpurchase plan
                          plan
                          plan
                         Share
                        plan
                  purchase
                     plan                                                                            Share purchase
                                                                                                        Share  purchase
                                                                                                                     Share
                                                                                                                     plan
                                                                                                                        Share
                                                                                                                         plan
                                                                                                                            purchase  planplan
                                                                                                                               purchase                                                              97,729
                                                                                                                                                                                                   97,729
                                                                                                                                                                                                  97,729
                                                                                                                                                                                                 97,729
                                                                                                                                                                                               97,729
                                                                                                                                                                                              97,729                            97,729
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               17,72087,683
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               87,683
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                87,683
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  87,683
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   87,683
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    87,683
    Stock options                                                                                                                                                                             25,133
    DSUsDSUs
     DSUs DSUs
       DSUs
        DSUs             DSUs                                                                           DSUs
                                                                                                     DSUs               DSUs
                                                                                                                     DSUs                                                                      2,075   2,075
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2,075
                                                                                                                                                                                                    2,075
                                                                                                                                                                                                  2,075
                                                                                                                                                                                                2,075                            2,075
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2,916
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2,916
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2,916
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2,916
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      2,916
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2,916
    PSUs                                                                                                                                                                                       9,310                           20,579
                                                                                                                                                                                             134,247
                                                                                                                                                                                              134,247
                                                                                                                                                                                                134,247
                                                                                                                                                                                                 134,247
                                                                                                                                                                                                 134,247
                                                                                                                                                                                                   134,247                     134,247
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              128,898
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               128,898
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 128,898
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  128,898
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  128,898
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    128,898
    Share purchase plan                                                                                                                                                                       97,729                           87,683
    DSUs                                                                                                                                                                                       2,075                            2,916
                                                                                                                                                                                             134,247                          128,898

20.
20.
  20.
   20.
    20.
     Earnings
      Earnings
       Earnings
        Earnings
         Earnings
             20.
               per
               per share
                  per
                  Earnings
                 per
                   per
                   share
                     share
                      share
                       shareper share 20.20.Earnings
                                              Earnings
                                                 20.20.per
                                                       Earnings
                                                         per
                                                         Earnings
                                                           share
                                                             share
                                                                 per
                                                                   per
                                                                     share
                                                                       share
 The
The
20.The
    The
    The
    following
     following
      The
        following
         following
          following
            following
       Earnings     table
                     table
                      table
                      The
                  table
                 table  sets
                        table
                         sets
                           sets
                           following
                         persets
                              sets
                                forth
                             forth
                             sets forth
                                  forth
                              forththe
                               shareforth
                                    thethe
                                       table
                                        computation
                                        the
                                         the
                                         computation
                                           the
                                            computation
                                             computation
                                              sets
                                               computation
                                                   forth
                                                       of
                                             computationofthe
                                                           basic
                                                           ofof
                                                            basic
                                                             ofof basic
                                                                The
                                                                  and
                                                              basicand
                                                                   The
                                                                     and
                                                                     following
                                                                      and
                                                                       and
                                                                       diluted
                                                              computation
                                                                basic
                                                                basic    and
                                                                         following
                                                                          iluted
                                                                               of earnings
                                                                                   table
                                                                                   basic
                                                                                   earnings
                                                                                   The
                                                                                     earnings
                                                                                      table
                                                                                      The
                                                                                diluted
                                                                               iluted
                                                                             diluted
                                                                            diluted    earnings
                                                                                         arnings
                                                                                          sets
                                                                                          andperdiluted
                                                                                                forth
                                                                                             sets
                                                                                            following
                                                                                        following
                                                                                              per
                                                                                         earnings  per
                                                                                                   per
                                                                                                   forth
                                                                                                 pershare
                                                                                                     per
                                                                                                      aretable
                                                                                                        share
                                                                                                       the
                                                                                                         share
                                                                                                      share
                                                                                                     table  arnings
                                                                                                             for
                                                                                                             sets
                                                                                                          share
                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                            for for
                                                                                                                 the
                                                                                                                  sets
                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                                  for
                                                                                                                    for
                                                                                                             computationforth
                                                                                                                       years
                                                                                                                        per
                                                                                                                      thethe
                                                                                                                          years
                                                                                                                      years
                                                                                                                     theth the
                                                                                                                           years
                                                                                                                 computation
                                                                                                                       the  years
                                                                                                                             years
                                                                                                                              hare
                                                                                                                              ended
                                                                                                                              of
                                                                                                                              the
                                                                                                                               ended
                                                                                                                                 of for
                                                                                                                                  computation
                                                                                                                                  ended
                                                                                                                                     basic
                                                                                                                                     ended
                                                                                                                                      September
                                                                                                                                       September
                                                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                                                        and
                                                                                                                                 basic
                                                                                                                                 ended
                                                                                                                                  ended
                                                                                                                               computation and
                                                                                                                                            September
                                                                                                                                             diluted
                                                                                                                                              of
                                                                                                                                          September
                                                                                                                                           September
                                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                                           September
                                                                                                                                            years    30:
                                                                                                                                                      basic
                                                                                                                                                      earnings
                                                                                                                                                    30:30:
                                                                                                                                                    ended
                                                                                                                                                  basic
                                                                                                                                                 diluted 30:
                                                                                                                                                         and
                                                                                                                                                         earnings
                                                                                                                                                          30:
                                                                                                                                                         30:September
                                                                                                                                                            and
                                                                                                                                                             diluted
                                                                                                                                                                per
                                                                                                                                                                 diluted
                                                                                                                                                                    per
                                                                                                                                                                     sha
                                                                                                                                                                      eas

                                                                                                                                      2017
                                                                                                                                       2017
                                                                                                                                         2017
                                                                                                                                           2017
                                                                                                                                           2017
                                                                                                                                             2017                        2017                                                          2017
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       20162017
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2016
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2016
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended September 30:
                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                     Weighted
                                                                                    Weighted
                                                                                       Weightedaverage
                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                           Weighted average
                                                                                              average
                                                                                                  average
                                                                                                   average
                                                                                                       average
                                                                                                             Weighted average                             Weighted
                                                                                                                                                      WeightedWeighted
                                                                                                                                                       Weighted       average
                                                                                                                                                                  average
                                                                                                                                                           Weighted   average
                                                                                                                                                                   average
                                                                                                                                                            Weighted
                                                                                                                                                             Weighted
                                                                                                                                                               Weighted average
                                                                                                                                                                        average Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                           average
                                                                                                                                                                           average   Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                    Weighted      average
                                                                                                                                                                                             average
                                                                                                                                                                                               average
                                                                                     number of           shares
                                                                                                     shares
                                                                                                     of
                                                                                                   shares
                                                                                                ofof
                                                                                               shares
                                                                                           number
                                                                                         number
                                                                                       number
                                                                                    number   of
                                                                                         number   of
                                                                                                sharesshares    Earnings
                                                                                                                 Earnings
                                                                                                                   Earnings
                                                                                                              numberEarnings
                                                                                                                     Earnings
                                                                                                                       Earnings
                                                                                                                       of per
                                                                                                                           perper
                                                                                                                               per
                                                                                                                               per
                                                                                                                          shares  per Earnings per number     number
                                                                                                                                                          number
                                                                                                                                                         number
                                                                                                                                                             number
                                                                                                                                                             number
                                                                                                                                                               number
                                                                                                                                                                of
                                                                                                                                                           numberof of
                                                                                                                                                                   shares
                                                                                                                                                                    shares
                                                                                                                                                                    of shares
                                                                                                                                                                      of
                                                                                                                                                                       ofof
                                                                                                                                                                        shares
                                                                                                                                                                          of  shares
                                                                                                                                                                          shares
                                                                                                                                                                          sharesnumber
                                                                                                                                                                              shares     Earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                             Earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                        Earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                      Earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                           of
                                                                                                                                                                                      number
                                                                                                                                                                                    number      ofper
                                                                                                                                                                                                 per
                                                                                                                                                                                                haresper
                                                                                                                                                                                                    haresper Earn
                                                                                                                                                                                                         per
                                                                                                                                                                                                       per
                                                                                                                                                                                                      per
                                                                                                                                                                                                     per
                                                                                                                                                                                              Earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                            Earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                            Earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                          Earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                              of shares          E
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Ea
                                                                                                       1 1 1 11 1               1                                          1 1 11 11 11               11 1
                                                       Net
                                                   NetNet
                                                  Net       earnings
                                                              earnings
                                                           earnings
                                                          earnings
                                                          Net
                                                       earnings
                                                       Net
                                                      earnings                      Net earnings
                                                                                              outstanding
                                                                                          outstanding
                                                                                            outstanding
                                                                                              outstanding
                                                                                                outstanding outstanding
                                                                                         outstanding                           share
                                                                                                                            share
                                                                                                                            share
                                                                                                                           share
                                                                                                                        share
                                                                                                                       share       Net
                                                                                                                                 Net
                                                                                                                                Net     earnings
                                                                                                                                       Net
                                                                                                                                     arnings
                                                                                                                                    Net
                                                                                                                                     earnings
                                                                                                                                     Net
                                                                                                                                     NetNet
                                                                                                                                        earnings
                                                                                                                                         earningshareNet
                                                                                                                                            earnings
                                                                                                                                          earnings
                                                                                                                                            earnings  NetNet earnings
                                                                                                                                                         earnings
                                                                                                                                                           earnings outstanding
                                                                                                                                                                outstanding
                                                                                                                                                              outstanding
                                                                                                                                                                   outstanding
                                                                                                                                                                     outstanding
                                                                                                                                                                 outstanding
                                                                                                                                                                   outstanding
                                                                                                                                                             outstanding                          share
                                                                                                                                                                                                    share
                                                                                                                                                                                                  share
                                                                                                                                                                                               share
                                                                                                                                                                                              share
                                                                                                                                                                                        outstanding share
                                                                                                                                                                                           outstanding
                                                                                                                                                                                          outstanding share
                                                                                                                                                                                                      share    ea
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Net Ne
                                                                                                                        2017                                                                   2016
                                                                    $$ $ $$ $                 $
                                                                                    Weighted average                                        $$ $ $$ $             $$ $$$$ $$$ Weighted average
                                                                                                                                                                                       $$ $                                              $$ $$$$ $$
     Basic
       Basic
        Basic
        Basic
    Basic  Basic                    Basic                    1,035,195 number
                                                           1,035,195
                                                      1,035,195
                                                       1,035,195
                                                         1,035,195
                                                          1,035,195            of
                                                                         1,035,195shares
                                                                           297,516,970
                                                                            297,516,970
                                                                              297,516,970
                                                                                297,516,970
                                                                                297,516,970
                                                                                  297,516,970
                                                                                 Basic
                                                                                    Basic   Earnings
                                                                                                   3.48
                                                                                                  Basic
                                                                                               Basic per
                                                                                                       3.48
                                                                                                     3.48
                                                                                              297,516,970  3.48
                                                                                                         3.48
                                                                                                         3.48      1,035,195
                                                                                                                1,035,195
                                                                                                                 1,068,716
                                                                                                               1,068,716
                                                                                                             1,068,716   3.48 number
                                                                                                                 1,068,716
                                                                                                                   1,068,716
                                                                                                            1,068,716                 of
                                                                                                                              1,035,195  shares
                                                                                                                                 1,035,195
                                                                                                                                     297,516,970
                                                                                                                                         297,516,970
                                                                                                                                    304,808,130
                                                                                                                                      304,808,130
                                                                                                                                      304,808,130
                                                                                                                               1,068,716 304,808,130
                                                                                                                                 304,808,130
                                                                                                                                  304,808,130       Earnings per
                                                                                                                                                     297,516,970
                                                                                                                                                               3.48
                                                                                                                                                        297,516,970
                                                                                                                                                      304,808,130
                                                                                                                                                           3.51
                                                                                                                                                            3.51
                                                                                                                                                               3.513.481,068
                                                                                                                                                                 3.51
                                                                                                                                                                 3.51
                                                                                                                                                                   3.51   1
                                                                                       1                                                      1
                                                  Net earnings                               outstanding                             share Net earnings                                     outstanding                            share
  NetNet
   Net  Net
        Net
        effect
           Net
            effect
       effect   effect
                 of
              effect
              effect
                of   ofof
                     dilutive
                       ofdilutive
                          of
                          dilutive
                           dilutive
                    dilutive dilutive
                               Net
                                stock
                                  stock
                               stock   stock
                                    stock
                                    effect
                                     stock  of dilutive$stock                 NetNeteffect
                                                                                        effect
                                                                                            of of
                                                                                               dilutive
                                                                                                   Net
                                                                                                   dilutive
                                                                                                       Net
                                                                                                        effect
                                                                                                         stock
                                                                                                            effect
                                                                                                             stock
                                                                                                                of of
                                                                                                                    dilutive
                                                                                                                        dilutive
                                                                                                                              stock
                                                                                                                                  stock
                              22 2 22 2                                                                     2$               2$ 2                                                        $
     options
    options     and
             options
           options
           options
        optionsand       and
                       PSUs
                      and
                      and
                    and
                      PSUs PSUs
                             PSUs
                             PSUsoptions and PSUs2
                               PSUs                                       5,776,5155,776,515
                                                                                 5,776,515
                                                                                5,776,515
                                                                              5,776,515
                                                                           5,776,515
                                                                                 options
                                                                                     options
                                                                                           andand
                                                                                                PSUs    2
                                                                                                     5,776,515
                                                                                                     options
                                                                                                     PSUs            PSUs
                                                                                                                andand
                                                                                                          options         PSUs                             5,776,515 5,776,515
                                                                                                                                                       5,776,515
                                                                                                                                                       7,965,026
                                                                                                                                                        7,965,026
                                                                                                                                                         7,965,026
                                                                                                                                                           7,965,026
                                                                                                                                                   7,965,026
                                                                                                                                                    7,965,026                       5,776,515
                                                                                                                                                                                 7,965,026
  Basic                                     1,035,195                  297,516,970                      3.48 1,068,716                          304,808,130                          3.51
                                            1,035,195
                                             1,035,195
                                                 1,035,195
                                                  1,035,195
                                                   1,035,195
                                                     1,035,195      1,035,195
                                                                       303,293,485
                                                                        303,293,485
                                                                           303,293,485
                                                                             303,293,485
                                                                             303,293,485
                                                                               303,293,485 303,293,485  3.41
                                                                                                          3.41
                                                                                                             3.41
                                                                                                               3.41
                                                                                                               3.41
                                                                                                                 3.41  1,035,195
                                                                                                                   1,068,716       3.41 1,035,195
                                                                                                                            1,035,195
                                                                                                                           1,068,716
                                                                                                                         1,068,716
                                                                                                                        1,068,716
                                                                                                                       1,068,716
                                                                                                                  1,068,716                 1,068,716   303,293,485303,293,485
                                                                                                                                                    303,293,485
                                                                                                                                                1,035,195
                                                                                                                                                312,773,156
                                                                                                                                                 312,773,156
                                                                                                                                                    312,773,156
                                                                                                                                                     312,773,156
                                                                                                                                                      312,773,156
                                                                                                                                                        312,773,156                      3.41
                                                                                                                                                                                303,293,485
                                                                                                                                                                             312,773,156
                                                                                                                                                                                     3.42
                                                                                                                                                                                      3.42
                                                                                                                                                                                         3.42 3.411,068
                                                                                                                                                                                           3.42
                                                                                                                                                                                           3.42
                                                                                                                                                                                             3.42       1,
  Net effect of dilutive stock
                              2
    options
11 1 11
   During
         1
    During
        During and
          Duringthe
           During
            the       PSUs
                     the
                     year
                   the
                  the
                 year
             During
             theyear
                             1
                          year
                       ended
                       year
                        yearended
                             ended
                          ndedended
                                ended
                                During September
                               Septemberthe
                                September  30,
                                   Septemberyear
                                             30,
                                     September
                                     September 30,ended
                                               2017,
                                                 2017,
                                                  30,
                                                  30,
                                                    2017,
                                                    30,
                                                      2017,
                                                      2017, 19,929,268
                                                                    30,
                                                                   Class
                                                                  Class
                                                              19,929,268
                                                            19,929,268
                                                       19,929,268
                                                        19,929,268
                                                        2017,
                                                         September
                                                          19,929,268    AA
                                                                     Class5,776,515
                                                                            1
                                                                          Class
                                                                       ClassAA
                                                                        Class
                                                                        2017, A A
                                                                                 1
                                                                          subordinate
                                                                           subordinate
                                                                                    During
                                                                                        the
                                                                              subordinate
                                                                              19,929,268
                                                                               During
                                                                                subordinate
                                                                                subordinate year
                                                                                   subordinate
                                                                                            the
                                                                                        shares
                                                                                         shares
                                                                                                 1
                                                                                                year
                                                                                            Class
                                                                                            shares A
                                                                                              shares
                                                                                              shares
                                                                                                     1
                                                                                                purchased
                                                                                                shares
                                                                                                 purchased
                                                                                                  ended
                                                                                                      ended
                                                                                                    purchased
                                                                                                    During    and
                                                                                                      purchased
                                                                                                      ubordinate
                                                                                                       purchased
                                                                                                         purchased
                                                                                                         During
                                                                                                         September
                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                             and  468,668
                                                                                                                 year
                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                 the
                                                                                                             September
                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                   468,668
                                                                                                                   shares
                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                     year
                                                                                                                     and   30,
                                                                                                                      468,668
                                                                                                                       ended
                                                                                                                       30,
                                                                                                                        468,668
                                                                                                                        468,668
                                                                                                                            Class
                                                                                                                           2017,
                                                                                                                           ended Class
                                                                                                                           468,668
                                                                                                                             ClassA
                                                                                                                              September
                                                                                                                               2017,
                                                                                                                                Class
                                                                                                                            purchased
                                                                                                                                 Class
                                                                                                                                   A  Aand
                                                                                                                                  September
                                                                                                                                    Class
                                                                                                                                    subordinate
                                                                                                                                     subordinate
                                                                                                                                     19,929,268
                                                                                                                                 19,929,268
                                                                                                                                       AA
                                                                                                                                        subordinate
                                                                                                                                          subordinate
                                                                                                                                          subordinate
                                                                                                                                          A30,
                                                                                                                                            468,668  965,026
                                                                                                                                            subordinate
                                                                                                                                               Class
                                                                                                                                               2017,
                                                                                                                                               30,shares
                                                                                                                                                   Class
                                                                                                                                                   2017,
                                                                                                                                                     A  shares
                                                                                                                                                      Class
                                                                                                                                                      shares
                                                                                                                                                       subordinate
                                                                                                                                                   shareshares
                                                                                                                                                         A19,929,268
                                                                                                                                                          held
                                                                                                                                                          shares
                                                                                                                                                           held     in
                                                                                                                                                           subordinate
                                                                                                                                                            A held
                                                                                                                                                     19,929,268in
                                                                                                                                                                held
                                                                                                                                                                held
                                                                                                                                                                intrust
                                                                                                                                                                   heldin
                                                                                                                                                                   trust
                                                                                                                                                                   Class
                                                                                                                                                                ubordinate
                                                                                                                                                                      in   trust
                                                                                                                                                                        trust
                                                                                                                                                                         Class
                                                                                                                                                                          were
                                                                                                                                                                          trust
                                                                                                                                                                          in
                                                                                                                                                                      shareswere
                                                                                                                                                                            shares
                                                                                                                                                                             A
                                                                                                                                                                             trustexcluded
                                                                                                                                                                                         held
                                                                                                                                                                                shares
                                                                                                                                                                                 purchased
                                                                                                                                                                                 were
                                                                                                                                                                                 excluded
                                                                                                                                                                                 were
                                                                                                                                                                                  A
                                                                                                                                                                               were were
                                                                                                                                                                                    subordinate
                                                                                                                                                                                     purchased
                                                                                                                                                                                       xcluded
                                                                                                                                                                                       excluded
                                                                                                                                                                                        excluded
                                                                                                                                                                               subordinateexcluded
                                                                                                                                                                                              shares
                                                                                                                                                                                              and
                                                                                                                                                                                              in trust
                                                                                                                                                                                                   shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                                                                   468,66
                                                                                                                                                                                                       pur
                                                                                                                                                                                                       we
                                                                                                                                                                                                        46
      from
     fromfrom
           the
           from
            from
             the
               from
                 the
                 calculation
                  calculation
                   the
                    the
                      calculation
                      the
                        calculation
                        calculation
                          calculation
                              of
                               of of of
                                     of
                                   from ofthe
                                  weighted
                                      weighted
                                 weighted
                                        weighted
                                        weighted
                                           weighted
                                              average
                                              calculation
                                               average
                                                 average
                                                   average
                                                   average
                                                1,035,195 umber
                                                       number
                                                           of
                                                     averagenumber
                                                              number
                                                              weighted
                                                              number
                                                                number
                                                                 of
                                                                  ofshares
                                                                     ofof
                                                                       of shares
                                                                     shares
                                                                          of
                                                                        shares
                                                                          shares
                                                                             outstanding
                                                                             shares
                                                                              outstanding
                                                                         averageoutstanding
                                                                                  outstanding
                                                                                  outstanding
                                                                                   number
                                                                                    outstanding
                                                                                      from
                                                                                         as
                                                                               303,293,485 of
                                                                                            the
                                                                                             ofof
                                                                                          from
                                                                                          as  asas
                                                                                              shares
                                                                                                the
                                                                                                 as
                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                  the
                                                                                                   ofof
                                                                                                      the
                                                                                                      date  of
                                                                                                  calculation
                                                                                                    as
                                                                                                     of date
                                                                                                        of
                                                                                                        the
                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                           theof
                                                                                                             date
                                                                                                             date
                                                                                                           daterom
                                                                                                               transaction
                                                                                                                date
                                                                                                                 of
                                                                                                                 of of
                                                                                                                    from
                                                                                                                    of
                                                                                                          outstanding
                                                                                                       calculation    the
                                                                                                                   3.41of
                                                                                                                       of transaction
                                                                                                                     weighted
                                                                                                                          weighted
                                                                                                                          as
                                                                                                                       transaction
                                                                                                                           calculation
                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                             ofcalculation
                                                                                                                               (9,519,875
                                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                                (9,519,875
                                                                                                                                average
                                                                                                                                   (9,519,875
                                                                                                                        transaction  average
                                                                                                                                     (9,519,875
                                                                                                                                     (9,519,875
                                                                                                                 transaction
                                                                                                                     transaction    date
                                                                                                                               1,068,716of of
                                                                                                                                           number
                                                                                                                                             of
                                                                                                                                             and and
                                                                                                                                                number
                                                                                                                                                weighted
                                                                                                                                        (9,519,875
                                                                                                                                           weightedand
                                                                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                                                                    of
                                                                                                                                                     and
                                                                                                                                              transaction
                                                                                                                                               and        average
                                                                                                                                                       1,192,308,
                                                                                                                                                        1,192,308,
                                                                                                                                                         of
                                                                                                                                                          1,192,308,
                                                                                                                                                       shares
                                                                                                                                                           (9,519,875
                                                                                                                                                            shares
                                                                                                                                                      average  respectively
                                                                                                                                                      1,192,308,
                                                                                                                                                   1,192,308,
                                                                                                                                                  1,192,308,    outstanding
                                                                                                                                                                number
                                                                                                                                                                   pectively
                                                                                                                                                                    number
                                                                                                                                                             312,773,156and
                                                                                                                                                                         of  during
                                                                                                                                                                            1,192,308,
                                                                                                                                                                            shares
                                                                                                                                                                              of
                                                                                                                                                                              as
                                                                                                                                                                              during
                                                                                                                                                                                 shares
                                                                                                                                                                                 of
                                                                                                                                                                                 during
                                                                                                                                                                                  as
                                                                                                                                                                     respectively
                                                                                                                                                                    respectively
                                                                                                                                                                    outstanding
                                                                                                                                                                  respectively
                                                                                                                                                                       respectively  the
                                                                                                                                                                                      during
                                                                                                                                                                                      thedate
                                                                                                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                                                                                                     outstanding
                                                                                                                                                                                    the
                                                                                                                                                                                   during
                                                                                                                                                                                   during
                                                                                                                                                                                      of  the
                                                                                                                                                                                          year
                                                                                                                                                                                           year
                                                                                                                                                                                            the  year
                                                                                                                                                                                                 ended
                                                                                                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                                                                                                                 year
                                                                                                                                                                                                  ended
                                                                                                                                                                                                   transaction
                                                                                                                                                                                                    year
                                                                                                                                                                                          outstanding
                                                                                                                                                                                           respectively
                                                                                                                                                                                             theof
                                                                                                                                                                                              date
                                                                                                                                                                                               year
                                                                                                                                                                                                 3.42    of
                                                                                                                                                                                                          as
                                                                                                                                                                                                          ended
                                                                                                                                                                                                        ended
                                                                                                                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                                                                                                                              of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (9,51
                                                                                                                                                                                                        transaction
                                                                                                                                                                                                        ended
                                                                                                                                                                                                      ended
                                                                                                                                                                                                     as
                                                                                                                                                                                                     of    during  ate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      da
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (9
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        o
      September
         September
           September
            September
     September September
                     30,   30,
                      30,30,
                         2016).
                           30, 2016).
                             30,
                             2016).
                          2016).
                               2016).
                                  2016).
                                   September 30, 2016).                               September
                                                                                          September   30, 30,
                                                                                                           2016).
                                                                                                              September
                                                                                                                2016).
                                                                                                                    September 30, 30,
                                                                                                                                  2016).
                                                                                                                                       2016).
2
12 The
    2 22 2                  2                                                  2   2               2     2
    The The
         calculation
          The
          calculation
           The
            The
             calculation
               calculation
               calculation
                 calculation
                     of
                      ofthe
                         the
                          of
                           ofthe
                            of  the
                              diluted
                               of
                               the
                             diluted
                                 The
                                  diluted
                                  the
                                    diluted
                                    dilutedearnings
                                      earnings
                                       diluted
                                        earnings
                                      calculation
                                             earnings
                                             earnings
                                               earnings
                                                 per
                                                  per
                                                  of per
                                                     the
                                                      share
                                                      hare
                                                       per
                                                       per share
                                                         per
                                                           share
                                                         share
                                                            excluded
                                                             excluded
                                                             share
                                                         diluted earnings
                                                                 xcluded
                                                                 excluded
                                                                  excluded
                                                                    excluded
                                                                      6,419,566
                                                                       6,419,566  The
                                                                          6,419,566
                                                                           per
                                                                            6,419,566
                                                                            6,419,566
                                                                               share
                                                                                 stockcalculation     the
                                                                                     stock
                                                                                      The
                                                                                      xcluded
                                                                              6,419,566stock
                                                                                       stock
                                                                                       options
                                                                                         options
                                                                                          stock
                                                                                           calculation
                                                                                            options
                                                                                             options
                                                                                              options
                                                                                                6,419,566
                                                                                  stock         for
                                                                                                 forof
                                                                                                    the
                                                                                                     for
                                                                                                optionsthe
                                                                                                       for
                                                                                                        for
                                                                                                        The
                                                                                                         of
                                                                                                         year
                                                                                                         the
                                                                                                           forThe
                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                           year
                                                                                                             the  year
                                                                                                             diluted
                                                                                                               stock
                                                                                                               year
                                                                                                                the
                                                                                                                 ended
                                                                                                                  year options
                                                                                                                            of
                                                                                                                    calculation
                                                                                                                    nded
                                                                                                                     year
                                                                                                                      ended
                                                                                                                       earnings
                                                                                                               calculation
                                                                                                                        ended
                                                                                                                        ended
                                                                                                                   dilutedendedthe
                                                                                                                           earnings
                                                                                                                           September
                                                                                                                             September
                                                                                                                         September
                                                                                                                               September
                                                                                                                               for
                                                                                                                                September
                                                                                                                                 of
                                                                                                                                 per
                                                                                                                                  September
                                                                                                                                    the
                                                                                                                                    diluted
                                                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                                                       share
                                                                                                                                       per
                                                                                                                                        30,
                                                                                                                                         year
                                                                                                                                         30,  30,
                                                                                                                                           share
                                                                                                                                            2017
                                                                                                                                            30,
                                                                                                                                         diluted
                                                                                                                                             2017
                                                                                                                                              30, 2017
                                                                                                                                              ended
                                                                                                                                              excluded
                                                                                                                                                2017
                                                                                                                                                30,
                                                                                                                                             earnings
                                                                                                                                                  2017 per
                                                                                                                                                  (3,842,800
                                                                                                                                                  excluded
                                                                                                                                                   (3,842,800
                                                                                                                                                    2017
                                                                                                                                                     September
                                                                                                                                                 earnings  per for
                                                                                                                                                        6,419,566
                                                                                                                                                        (3,842,800
                                                                                                                                                          (3,842,800
                                                                                                                                                           share
                                                                                                                                                        (3,842,800
                                                                                                                                                            6,419,566
                                                                                                                                                              for
                                                                                                                                                               share
                                                                                                                                                      (3,842,800
     During the year ended September 30, 2017, 19,929,268 Class A subordinate shares purchased and 468,668 Class A subordinate shares held in trust were excluded excluded
                                                                                                                                                                  30,
                                                                                                                                                                   for
                                                                                                                                                                    the
                                                                                                                                                                  thestock
                                                                                                                                                                     for
                                                                                                                                                                      for
                                                                                                                                                                       year
                                                                                                                                                                       excluded
                                                                                                                                                                       the
                                                                                                                                                                        2017
                                                                                                                                                                        for
                                                                                                                                                                         year
                                                                                                                                                                          the
                                                                                                                                                                          stock
                                                                                                                                                                           the
                                                                                                                                                                             year
                                                                                                                                                                             options
                                                                                                                                                                             the
                                                                                                                                                                              ended
                                                                                                                                                                               year
                                                                                                                                                                               year
                                                                                                                                                                                 ndedended
                                                                                                                                                                                6,419,566
                                                                                                                                                                                  options
                                                                                                                                                                                   ended
                                                                                                                                                                                    6,419,566
                                                                                                                                                                                    ended
                                                                                                                                                                               (3,842,800
                                                                                                                                                                                  year ended for
                                                                                                                                                                                       September
                                                                                                                                                                                          the
                                                                                                                                                                                      September
                                                                                                                                                                                      for  for
                                                                                                                                                                                            stockthe
                                                                                                                                                                                             September
                                                                                                                                                                                             September
                                                                                                                                                                                               the
                                                                                                                                                                                                September
                                                                                                                                                                                                 stock
                                                                                                                                                                                           September
                                                                                                                                                                                               yearyear
                                                                                                                                                                                                   options
                                                                                                                                                                                                    ended
                                                                                                                                                                                                     year
                                                                                                                                                                                                       options
                                                                                                                                                                                                        ended
                                                                                                                                                                                                          ended
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Sept
                                                                                                                                                                                                           for th
                                                                                                                                                                                                                S
                                                                                                                                                                                                                fo
      30,30,
     30,
     from2016),
          2016),
          30,
           30,
          the2016),
               2016),
             30, as
                 2016),
                  asthey
               2016),as
                     they
                      as
                       asas
               calculation they
                            were
                             they
                          they
                         were
                        theyof were
                                were
                                 were
                                 anti-dilutive.
                                  anti-dilutive.
                                30,were
                                    2016),
                                     anti-dilutive.
                               weightedanti-dilutive.
                                       anti-dilutive.
                                          anti-dilutive.
                                             as
                                          average         anti-dilutive.
                                                 theynumber
                                                      were of                 30,as
                                                              shares outstanding  30,
                                                                                  2016),
                                                                                    of2016),
                                                                                       theas they
                                                                                              as
                                                                                           date    were
                                                                                                   30,
                                                                                                ofthey        as  theythey
                                                                                                                        were
                                                                                                             anti-dilutive.
                                                                                                           2016),
                                                                                                         anti-dilutive.
                                                                                                        were
                                                                                                       2016),
                                                                                                       30,
                                                                                                    transaction    as
                                                                                                                 (9,519,875 were anti-dilutive.respectively during the year ended
                                                                                                                             anti-dilutive.
                                                                                                                             and 1,192,308,
     September 30, 2016).
2
     The calculation of the diluted earnings per share excluded 6,419,566 stock options for the year ended September 30, 2017 (3,842,800 for the year ended September
     30, 2016), as they were anti-dilutive.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     103
CGI
 CGI
   CGI
    Group
     CGI
     CGI
     Group
      CGI
       Group
         Group
         Group
          Inc.
           Group
           Inc. –
               Inc.
                 Inc.
                 –Inc.
                   Consolidated
                    Consolidated
                    Inc.
                     – –– –
                        Consolidated
                         Consolidated
                          Consolidated
                          CGI
                            Consolidated
                              Group     Financial
                                   Financial
                                      Inc.
                                      Financial
                                  Financial
                                        Financial
                                           Financial
                                           – Statements
                                             Consolidated
                                              Statements
                                                Statements
                                                  Statements
                                                  Statements
                                                     Statements
                                                         for
                                                          forthefor
                                                              for
                                                               the
                                                           Financial
                                                                 for
                                                                   the
                                                                   years
                                                                    for
                                                                     years
                                                                     the
                                                                      the
                                                                        the
                                                                        years
                                                                         Statements
                                                                          years
                                                                          years
                                                                           ended
                                                                            ended
                                                                            years
                                                                            CGI
                                                                              ended
                                                                                CGI Group
                                                                                ended
                                                                                 Group
                                                                                ended
                                                                                  ended
                                                                                     for Inc.
                                                                                   September
                                                                                     September
                                                                                  September
                                                                                          the  years
                                                                                           September
                                                                                              Inc.
                                                                                               –
                                                                                       September
                                                                                       September30,
                                                                                                 30,
                                                                                                 CGI CGI
                                                                                                   –30,
                                                                                                    2017
                                                                                                     30,2017
                                                                                                     ended
                                                                                                     2017
                                                                                                      30, and
                                                                                                      Group
                                                                                                        30,
                                                                                                 ConsolidatedSeptember
                                                                                                          2017
                                                                                                          2017
                                                                                                           Group
                                                                                                           and
                                                                                                            2017
                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                              Inc.
                                                                                                               and
                                                                                                                2016
                                                                                                                 Financial
                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                 2016
                                                                                                                 and
                                                                                                                   Inc.
                                                                                                                    and
                                                                                                                    –2016
                                                                                                                        – Consolidated
                                                                                                                       2016
                                                                                                                       2016
                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                         2016
                                                                                                                      Financial
                                                                                                                           30,
                                                                                                                            Statements
                                                                                                                                2017
                                                                                                                                Statements
                                                                                                                                     Financial
                                                                                                                                     andfor
                                                                                                                                        Financial
                                                                                                                                         2016
                                                                                                                                            the
                                                                                                                                             for the
                                                                                                                                                Statements
                                                                                                                                                 years
                                                                                                                                                    Statements
                                                                                                                                                     years
                                                                                                                                                       ended
                                                                                                                                                           ended
                                                                                                                                                            for the
                                                                                                                                                                 for
                                                                                                                                                                   September
                                                                                                                                                                     the
                                                                                                                                                                     years
                                                                                                                                                              September  years 30,
                                                                                                                                                                           ended
                                                                                                                                                                           30,    45
                                                                                                                                                                               2017
                                                                                                                                                                                  September
                                                                                                                                                                               ended
                                                                                                                                                                                   2017
                                                                                                                                                                                   45and
                                                                                                                                                                                      September
                                                                                                                                                                                      45
                                                                                                                                                                                       45
                                                                                                                                                                                       45and
                                                                                                                                                                                          2016
                                                                                                                                                                                          45 201
                                                                                                                                                                                             30,
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes
(tabular     to only
         amounts theareConsolidated                Financial
                         in thousands of Canadian dollars,             Statements
                                                           except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


21. Construction contracts in progress
Revenue  from systems integration
21. Construction                    and consulting
                             contracts              services under fixed-fee arrangements where the outcome of the arrangements
                                           in progress
can be estimated reliably is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over the service period. The Company primarily
uses labour costs or labour hours to measure the progress towards completion. If the outcome of an arrangement cannot be
Revenue from systems integration and consulting services under fixed-fee arrangements where the outcome of the arrangements
estimated reliably, revenue is recognized to the extent of arrangement costs incurred that are likely to be recoverable.
can be estimated reliably is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method over the service period. The Company primarily
Amounts
uses      recognized
      labour costs or as   revenue
                        labour hoursintoexcess
                                         measureof the
                                                   billings are classified
                                                         progress  towardsas work   in If
                                                                                      progress.
                                                                            completion.          Amounts
                                                                                          the outcome        received
                                                                                                         of an        in advance
                                                                                                                arrangement      of the
                                                                                                                             cannot  be
performance
estimated      of services
           reliably,       or is
                     revenue  delivery of products
                                 recognized  to the are  classified as
                                                    extent of          deferred
                                                               arrangement      revenue.
                                                                             costs incurred that are likely to be recoverable.
Amounts
The       recognized
     status of the    as revenue in
                   Company’s        excess of
                             construction      billings
                                           contracts  stillare classifiedatasthe
                                                            in progress        work
                                                                                 endinof the
                                                                                       progress.  Amounts
                                                                                             reporting      received
                                                                                                       period was as in  advance of the
                                                                                                                     follows:
performance of services or delivery of products are classified as deferred revenue.
                                                                                                       As
                                                                                                       As at
                                                                                                          at as follows:       As
                                                                                                                               As at
                                                                                                                                  at
The status of the Company’s construction contracts still in progress at the end of the reporting period
                                                                                          September      was
                                                                                                    30, 2017     September 30, 2016
                                                                                                               September 30, 2017         September 30, 2016
                                                                                                                                $
                                                                                                                                $                          $
                                                                                                                                                           $
    Recognized as:                                                                                                          As at                       As at
                                                                                                               September 30, 2017         September 30, 2016
    Revenue in the respective year                                                                                      1,527,904                 1,443,169
                                                                                                                                $                         $
    Recognized as:
    Recognized  as:
    Amounts                                                                                                               278,792
    Revenue due  from  customers  under construction contracts11                                                                                    414,427
            in the  respective year                                                                                     1,527,904                 1,443,169
    Amounts dueas:
                 to customers under construction contracts                                                                (56,068)                 (105,187)
    Recognized
1 Amounts
1 As       due from
     at September    customers
                  30, 2017,      under
                            retentions   construction
                                       held by        contracts
                                               customers for
                                                                  1
                                                                                                                        278,792
                                                             contract work in progress amounted to $11,971,000 ($72,277,000                       414,427
                                                                                                                            as at September 30, 2016).
     As at September 30, 2017, retentions held by customers for contract work in progress amounted to $11,971,000 ($72,277,000 as at September 30, 2016).
    Amounts due to customers under construction contracts                                                                  (56,068)                 (105,187)
1
     As at September 30, 2017, retentions held by customers for contract work in progress amounted to $11,971,000 ($72,277,000 as at September 30, 2016).
22. Costs of services, selling and administrative
                                                                                                                                   Year
                                                                                                                                   Year ended
                                                                                                                                        ended September
                                                                                                                                              September 30
22. Costs of services, selling and administrative                                                                                  2017
                                                                                                                                                        30
                                                                                                                                                     2016
                                                                                                                                   2017              2016
                                                                                                                                      $
                                                                                                                                      $                  $
                                                                                                                                                         $
                                                                                                                                   Year ended September 30
    Salaries and other member costs11                                                                                        6,412,607            6,254,917
                                                                                                                                  2017                 2016
    Professional fees and other contracted labour                                                                            1,273,944            1,243,143
                                                                                                                                     $                    $
    Hardware, software and data center   related costs                                                                         814,274              795,347
    Salaries and other member costs1                                                                                         6,412,607            6,254,917
    Property costs                                                                                                             349,881              399,682
    Professional fees and other contracted labour                                                                            1,273,944            1,243,143
    Amortization and depreciation (Note
                                  (Note 23)
                                        23)                                                                                    366,377              394,054
    Hardware, software and data center   related costs                                                                         814,274              795,347
    Other operating expenses                                                                                                    40,576               33,786
    Property costs                                                                                                             349,881              399,682
                                                                                                                             9,257,659            9,120,929
    Amortization and depreciation (Note 23)                                                                                    366,377              394,054
1 Otherof R&D
1 Net    operating expenses
              and other tax credits of $182,951,000 in 2017 ($174,199,000 in 2016).
     Net of R&D and other tax credits of $182,951,000 in 2017 ($174,199,000 in 2016).                                           40,576                33,786
                                                                                                                             9,257,659             9,120,929

23.
 Net ofAmortization           and     depreciation
1
       R&D and other tax credits of $182,951,000 in 2017 ($174,199,000 in 2016).

                                                                                                                                   Year
                                                                                                                                   Year ended
                                                                                                                                        ended September
                                                                                                                                              September 30
                                                                                                                                                        30
23. Amortization and depreciation                                                                                                  2017
                                                                                                                                   2017              2016
                                                                                                                                                     2016
                                                                                                                                      $
                                                                                                                                      $                  $
                                                                                                                                                         $
                                                                                                                                   Year ended September 30
    Depreciation of PP&E11 (Note
                            (Note 6)
                                  6)                                                                                           152,854              163,105
                                                                                                                                  2017                 2016
    Amortization of intangible assets (Note
                                       (Note 8)
                                             8)                                                                                157,033              176,895
                                                                                                                                     $                    $
    Amortization of contract
                           1 costs related to transition costs                                                                  56,490               54,054
    Depreciation of PP&E (Note 6)                                                                                              152,854              163,105
    Included in costs of services, selling and administrative (Note
                                                               (Note 22)
                                                                     22)                                                       366,377              394,054
    Amortization of intangible assets  (Note 8)                                                                                157,033              176,895
    Amortization
    Amortization of
                 of contract
                    contract costs
                             costs related
                                    related to
                                            to transition
                                               incentivescosts
                                                          (presented as a reduction of revenue)                                 56,490
                                                                                                                                 2,336                54,054
                                                                                                                                                       3,221
    Included in costs of services, selling and  administrative  (Note 22)                                                      366,377               394,054
    Amortization of deferred financing fees (presented    in finance  costs)                                                     1,090                 1,154
    Amortization
    Amortization of contract costs related to incentives (presented astoafunds
                 of premiums   and  discounts   on investments   related          held of
                                                                             reduction forrevenue)
                                                                                           clients                               2,336                 3,221
      (presented net as a reduction of revenue)                                                                                  1,494                 1,631
    Amortization of deferred financing fees (presented in finance     costs)                                                     1,090                 1,154
    Impairment of PP&E (presented in restructuring costs) (Notes
                                                               (Notes 6
                                                                      6 and
                                                                        and 24)
                                                                            24)                                                  5,907                    —
    Amortization of premiums and discounts on investments related to funds held for clients                                    377,204
                                                                                                                                 1,494               400,060
                                                                                                                                                       1,631
      (presented net as a reduction of revenue)
1 Impairment
1
   DepreciationofofPP&E (presented
                   PP&E acquired    in finance
                                 under  restructuring costs)
                                               leases was    (Notes 6 in
                                                          $11,623,000 and2017
                                                                          24) ($14,471,000 in 2016).
     Depreciation of PP&E acquired under finance leases was $11,623,000 in 2017 ($14,471,000 in 2016).                           5,907                    —
                                                                                                                               377,204               400,060
1
     Depreciation of PP&E acquired under finance leases was $11,623,000 in 2017 ($14,471,000 in 2016).


104
CGI
CGI Group
    Group Inc.
          Inc. –
               – Consolidated
                 Consolidated Financial
                              Financial Statements
                                        Statements for
                                                   for the
                                                       the years
                                                           years ended
                                                                 ended September
                                                                       September 30,
                                                                                 30, 2017
                                                                                     2017 and
                                                                                          and 2016
                                                                                              2016                                                          46
                                                                                                                                                            46
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


24. Restructuring costs
During    the year ended September
24. Restructuring              costs30, 2017, the Company announced it will incur approximately $165,000,000 of restructuring
costs over the next year to compress the timeline of implementing certain elements of its profitable growth strategy and incurred
$88,628,000 of costs related to the announced program. This amount includes restructuring costs for termination of employments
During the year ended September 30, 2017, the Company announced it will incur approximately $165,000,000 of restructuring
of $67,426,000 accounted for in restructuring provisions, leases of vacated premises of $14,550,000 accounted for in onerous
costs over the next year to compress the timeline of implementing certain elements of its profitable growth strategy and incurred
lease provisions, impairment of PP&E of $5,907,000 (Notes 6 and 23), as well as other restructuring costs of $745,000. The
$88,628,000 of costs related o the announced program. This amount includes restructuring costs for termination of employments
initiative is expected to yield benefits throughout fiscal year 2018.
of $67,426,000 accounted for in restructuring provisions, leases of vacated premises of $14,550,000 accounted for in onerous
lease provisions, impairment of PP&E of $5,907,000 (Notes 6 and 23), as well as other restructuring costs of $745,000. The
During
initiativethe   year ended
            is expected     September
                        to yield benefits30,  2016, the
                                          throughout     Company
                                                      fiscal        completed the previously announced restructuring program for
                                                             year 2018.
productivity improvement initiatives and incurred $29,100,000 of restructuring costs for termination of employments for a total
expense of $65,000,000 over the entire program.
During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company completed the previously announced restructuring program for
productivity improvement initiatives and incurred $29,100,000 of restructuring costs for termination of employments for a total
expense of $65,000,000 over the entire program.
25. Net finance costs

25. Net finance costs                                                                                     Year ended September 30
                                                                                                          2017               2016
                                                                                                             $                  $
                                                                                                          Year ended September 30
 Interest on long-term debt                                                                             62,022            70,257
                                                                                                          2017              2016
 Net interest costs on net defined benefit obligations or assets (Note 16)                               5,578             6,237
                                                                                                             $                 $
 Other finance  costs debt                                                                               5,911             3,542
 Interest on long-term                                                                                  62,022            70,257
 Finance  costs                                                                                         73,511            80,036
 Net interest costs on net defined benefit obligations or assets (Note 16)                               5,578             6,237
 Finance  income                                                                                        (3,719)           (1,610)
 Other finance  costs                                                                                    5,911             3,542
                                                                                                        69,792            78,426
 Finance costs                                                                                          73,511            80,036
 Finance income                                                                                         (3,719)           (1,610)
                                                                                                        69,792            78,426




                                                                                                                             105
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                             47
Consolidated financial statements
Notes
Notes
Notes        to
             to
              to  the
                  the
                  the   Consolidated
                        Consolidated
                         Consolidated           Financial
                                                Financial Statements
                                                Financial Statements
                                                          Statements
Notes
For the
For
Forthe
        yearsto
     theyears
                  the
              ended
         yearsended
                        Consolidated
                    September 30, 2017
               endedSeptember
                    September30,
                              30,2017
                                       and 2016 Financial Statements
                                  2017and
                                       and2016
                                           2016
(tabular
For       amounts
     the years    only are
               ended       in thousands
                     September           of and
                                  30, 2017  Canadian
                                                2016 dollars,  except per share data)
(tabular
 (tabular amounts
          amounts only
                  only are
                       areininthousands
                               thousands of
                                         ofCanadian
                                             Canadian dollars,
                                                      dollars,except
                                                               exceptper
                                                                      pershare
                                                                           sharedata)
                                                                                data)
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
26.
26. Investments
26.  Investments in
    Investments   in subsidiaries
                 in  subsidiaries
                     subsidiaries
26. Investments in subsidiaries
a) Acquisitions
a)
a) Acquisitions
       Acquisitions
a)    Acquisitions
26.
The
The       Investments
      Company
       Company
TheCompany
                    made the in
                    madethe
                    made               subsidiaries
                                following
                            thefollowing
                                 following
                                              acquisitions during the year ended September 30, 2017:
                                              acquisitions
                                               acquisitionsduring
                                                              duringthe theyear
                                                                             yearended
                                                                                    endedSeptember
                                                                                             September30,   30,2017:
                                                                                                                 2017:
The Company made the following acquisitions during the year ended September 30, 2017:
      – On November 3, 2016, the Company acquired all units of Collaborative Consulting, LLC, a high-end IT consulting
a) –– On     On  November
      AcquisitionsNovember 3,   3, 2016,
                                    2016, the the Company
                                                  Company acquired
                                                                acquired all all units
                                                                                 units of of Collaborative
                                                                                              Collaborative Consulting,
                                                                                                                Consulting, LLC,
                                                                                                                               LLC, aa high-end
                                                                                                                                          high-end IT   IT consulting
                                                                                                                                                            consulting
      – company
            On   November
             company
            company
                          with 3,specialized
                          with     2016, the Company
                          with specialized
                                  specialized
                                                                in financial,
                                                  expertise acquired
                                                  expertise
                                                   expertise in              all units
                                                                     financial,
                                                                 in financial,
                                                                                  life of sciences     and public
                                                                                             Collaborative
                                                                                           sciences
                                                                                    life sciences
                                                                                  life                        public
                                                                                                        and public
                                                                                                       and
                                                                                                                       sectors,
                                                                                                               Consulting,    LLC,
                                                                                                                       sectors,
                                                                                                                        sectors,       a high-end IT in
                                                                                                                                   headquartered
                                                                                                                                   headquartered
                                                                                                                                    headquartered
                                                                                                                                                              Boston,
                                                                                                                                                           consulting
                                                                                                                                                          in
                                                                                                                                                           in Boston,
                                                                                                                                                               Boston,
The Company         made
            Massachusetts;
            company        the  following     acquisitions    during   the  year  ended      September      30, 2017:
                          with specialized expertise in financial, life sciences and public sectors, headquartered in Boston,
            Massachusetts;
             Massachusetts;
      –     Massachusetts;
      –– On On  April
                 November
                 April
             OnApril
                      19, 2017,
                      19,
                       19,2017,3, the
                             2017, 2016,
                                     the
                                    the
                                           Company
                                             the
                                            Company
                                           Company
                                                      acquired
                                                  Company
                                                      acquiredall
                                                      acquired
                                                                   all
                                                                acquired
                                                                   all       all unitsshares
                                                                       outstanding
                                                                       outstanding
                                                                        outstanding      of  Collaborative
                                                                                         sharesof
                                                                                        shares
                                                                                                 of
                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                     Computer
                                                                                                     Computer
                                                                                                     Computer
                                                                                                                  Technology
                                                                                                               Consulting,
                                                                                                                  Technology
                                                                                                                   Technology
                                                                                                                                 Solutions,
                                                                                                                              LLC,     a high-end
                                                                                                                                  Solutions,
                                                                                                                                 Solutions,
                                                                                                                                                Inc., a
                                                                                                                                                 Inc.,a
                                                                                                                                                Inc.,  IThigh-end
                                                                                                                                                           consulting
                                                                                                                                                        ahigh-end
                                                                                                                                                          high-end
                                                                                                                                                                      IT
                                                                                                                                                                      IT
                                                                                                                                                                       IT
      – On  consulting
                April
            company   19, company
                            2017,   the   focused
                                           Company  on   commercial
                                                      acquired     all      markets,
                                                                       outstanding       specialized
                                                                                        shares   of      in
                                                                                                     Computercloud,   analytics
                                                                                                                  Technology       and    digital
                                                                                                                                 Solutions,        transformation,
                                                                                                                                                Inc.,  a high-end     IT
             consultingwith
            consulting           specialized
                           company
                          company                 expertise in
                                           focused on
                                          focused    on  commercial
                                                          commercialfinancial,    life sciences
                                                                            markets,
                                                                            markets,     specialized
                                                                                          specialized  and
                                                                                                         in  public
                                                                                                          in cloud,    sectors,
                                                                                                              cloud, analytics
                                                                                                                      analytics andheadquartered
                                                                                                                                   and    digital
                                                                                                                                           digital        in  Boston,
                                                                                                                                                   transformation,
                                                                                                                                                    transformation,
            headquartered
            consulting
            Massachusetts;     in Birmingham,
                          company                   Alabama;
                                          focused Alabama;
                                                    on   commercial markets, specialized in cloud, analytics and digital transformation,
            headquartered
             headquartered     in
                                inBirmingham,
                                    Birmingham,      Alabama;
      –     headquartered
            On   May   12,     in the
                            2017,  Birmingham,
                                           Company  Alabama;
                                                       acquired     alloutstanding
                                                                        outstandingshares sharesofofComputer
                                                                                                       eCommerce       Systems,     Inc., a high-end       consulting
      –– On  OnApril
                 May19,
                 May   12,2017,
                       12,   2017,the
                            2017,     theCompany
                                     the               acquiredall
                                            Companyacquired
                                           Company     acquired     all
                                                                    all outstanding
                                                                         outstanding sharesshares ofof eCommerce
                                                                                                       eCommerce  Technology
                                                                                                                       Systems,
                                                                                                                        Systems, Solutions,
                                                                                                                                    Inc.,       Inc., a high-end
                                                                                                                                     Inc., aa high-end
                                                                                                                                              high-end     consulting
                                                                                                                                                            consultingIT
      – On  IT company
                 May
            consulting 12,  focused
                            2017,
                          company    theon   commercial
                                           Company
                                          focused   on     markets,
                                                       acquired
                                                         commercial all  specialized
                                                                        outstanding
                                                                            markets,     in cloud,
                                                                                          shares   of
                                                                                         specialized analytics
                                                                                                       eCommerce
                                                                                                         in      and
                                                                                                             cloud,   digital transformation,
                                                                                                                       Systems,
                                                                                                                      analytics     Inc.,
                                                                                                                                   and     a        headquartered
                                                                                                                                              high-end
                                                                                                                                          digital          consulting
                                                                                                                                                   transformation,
            IT
             ITcompany
                companyfocused
                             focusedon   oncommercial
                                              commercialmarkets,
                                                            markets,specialized
                                                                          specializedin   incloud,
                                                                                             cloud,analytics
                                                                                                      analyticsandanddigital
                                                                                                                       digitaltransformation,
                                                                                                                               transformation,headquartered
                                                                                                                                                     headquartered
            in
            IT Denver,
               company
            headquartered Colorado;
                            focused on
                               in        and commercial
                                   Birmingham,             markets, specialized in cloud, analytics and digital transformation, headquartered
                                                    Alabama;
            in
             inDenver,
                Denver,   Colorado;
                          Colorado;      and
                                         and
      –     in Denver,    Colorado;      and Company acquired all outstanding shares of Summa Technologies, Inc. (Summa), a high-end
      –– On On  August
             On May
                August
                 August12,22,
                            2017,
                           22,
                           22,
                               2017,
                                2017,
                               2017, thetheCompany
                                          the
                                         the   Company
                                              Company  acquired
                                                          acquired
                                                           acquired     outstanding
                                                                    allall
                                                                        alloutstanding
                                                                            outstanding   shares
                                                                                            shares
                                                                                             sharesofofeCommerce
                                                                                                      ofSumma
                                                                                                         Summa         Systems, Inc.,
                                                                                                                   Technologies,
                                                                                                                    Technologies,             high-end aa
                                                                                                                                       Inc.a(Summa),
                                                                                                                                      Inc.   (Summa),      consulting
                                                                                                                                                             high-end
                                                                                                                                                              high-end
      – IT  On consulting22,
             ITcompany
            IT  August
                consulting
               consulting
                             company
                               2017,on
                            focused
                              company
                             company
                                           with
                                         the  Company
                                            with
                                           with
                                                expertisemarkets,
                                             commercial
                                                 expertise
                                                expertise
                                                            in
                                                          acquired
                                                             indigital
                                                            in
                                                                        experience
                                                               digitalall  outstanding
                                                                         specialized
                                                                         experience
                                                                digitalexperience
                                                                                        and
                                                                                         in
                                                                                         and
                                                                                        and
                                                                                              agile analytics
                                                                                            shares
                                                                                            cloud,
                                                                                              agile
                                                                                                    software
                                                                                                     of  Summa
                                                                                              agilesoftware
                                                                                                     software
                                                                                                                development,
                                                                                                                   Technologies,
                                                                                                                  nd              headquartered
                                                                                                                                      Inc.  (Summa),
                                                                                                                      digital transformation,
                                                                                                                development,
                                                                                                                 development,     headquartered
                                                                                                                                  headquartered
                                                                                                                                                       in Pittsburgh,
                                                                                                                                                           a high-end
                                                                                                                                                    headquartered
                                                                                                                                                       in
                                                                                                                                                        inPittsburgh,
                                                                                                                                                           Pittsburgh,
            Pennsylvania.
            IT consulting
            in Denver,       companyand
                          Colorado;        with expertise in digital experience and agile software development, headquartered in Pittsburgh,
            Pennsylvania.
             Pennsylvania.
            Pennsylvania.
The –       On August
     following    table 22,    2017,
                         presents     thethe  Company
                                            purchase      acquired
                                                      price            all for
                                                              allocations  outstanding      shares of
                                                                                 all the above           Summa based
                                                                                                   acquisitions            on the Inc.
                                                                                                                   Technologies,            (Summa), afair
                                                                                                                                    acquisition-date         high-end
                                                                                                                                                                values
The
Thefollowing
       followingtable
                   tablepresents
                         presentsthe   thepurchase
                                            purchaseprice
                                                       priceallocations
                                                               allocationsfor forall
                                                                                  allthe
                                                                                       theabove
                                                                                            aboveacquisitions
                                                                                                    acquisitionsbased
                                                                                                                    basedon onthe
                                                                                                                               theacquisition-date
                                                                                                                                     acquisition-datefair   fairvalues
                                                                                                                                                                 values
of
Thethe      IT consulting
         identifiable
     following    table      company
                       tangible
                         presents  andthe  with expertise
                                          intangible
                                            purchase  assets
                                                      price in digital  experience
                                                                acquired for
                                                              allocations               and
                                                                                   liabilities
                                                                             andall the       agile
                                                                                           above    software
                                                                                                assumed.        development,
                                                                                                             The based
                                                                                                   acquisitions    purchaseon     headquartered
                                                                                                                                price
                                                                                                                              the       allocation
                                                                                                                                    acquisition-date  for Pittsburgh,
                                                                                                                                                       in fair
                                                                                                                                                           Summavalues is
of
of the
    the identifiable
          identifiable tangible
                        tangible and
                                   and intangible
                                           intangible assets
                                                       assets acquired
                                                                 acquired and and liabilities
                                                                                     iabilities assumed.
                                                                                                assumed. The  The purchase
                                                                                                                    purchase price
                                                                                                                                 price allocation
                                                                                                                                         allocation forfor Summa
                                                                                                                                                            Summa      isis
preliminary.
of the      Pennsylvania.
         identifiable  tangible    and    intangible  assets    acquired     and   liabilities  assumed.     The   purchase     price   allocation    for  Summa       is
preliminary.
preliminary.
preliminary.
The following table presents the purchase price allocations for all the above acquisitions based on the acquisition-date fair values                              2017
                                                                                                                                                                  2017
                                                                                                                                                                   2017
of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The purchase price allocation for Summa                                      2017
                                                                                                                                                                     $
                                                                                                                                                                       is
preliminary.                                                                                                                                                         $$
 Current assets                                                                                                                                                           40,705 $
 Current
  Currentassets
            assets                                                                                                                                                        40,705
                                                                                                                                                                           40,705
 PP&E
 Current                                                                                                                                                                    5,488
                                                                                                                                                                          40,705
  PP&E assets
 PP&E                                                                                                                                                                        2017
                                                                                                                                                                            5,488
                                                                                                                                                                             5,488
 Intangible assets
 PP&E                                                                                                                                                                     50,474
                                                                                                                                                                            5,488
 Intangible
  Intangible
           1
               assets
                assets                                                                                                                                                    50,474
                                                                                                                                                                           50,474$
 Goodwill
 Intangible111 assets                                                                                                                                                    238,322
                                                                                                                                                                          50,474
 Goodwill
  Goodwill
 Current  assets                                                                                                                                                         238,322
                                                                                                                                                                          238,322
                                                                                                                                                                          40,705
           1
 Current
 Goodwill  iabilities                                                                                                                                                    (29,953)
                                                                                                                                                                         238,322
 Current
  Currentliabilities
 PP&E       liabilities                                                                                                                                                  (29,953)
                                                                                                                                                                          (29,953)
                                                                                                                                                                            5,488
 Deferred tax
 Current          liabilities
          liabilities                                                                                                                                                      (3,126)
                                                                                                                                                                         (29,953)
 Deferred
  Deferred
 Intangible  tax
              tax liabilities
                   liabilities
               assets                                                                                                                                                      (3,126)
                                                                                                                                                                            (3,126)
                                                                                                                                                                          50,474
 Debt
 Deferred  1tax liabilities                                                                                                                                                (9,648)
                                                                                                                                                                           (3,126)
 Debt
  Debt
 Goodwill                                                                                                                                                                  (9,648)
                                                                                                                                                                            (9,648)
                                                                                                                                                                         238,322
 Debt                                                                                                                                                                    292,262
                                                                                                                                                                           (9,648)
 Current liabilities                                                                                                                                                     292,262
                                                                                                                                                                          292,262
                                                                                                                                                                         (29,953)
 Cash acquired                                                                                                                                                            14,814
                                                                                                                                                                         292,262
 Cash
  Cash  acquired
 Deferredacquired
             tax liabilities                                                                                                                                              14,814
                                                                                                                                                                           14,814
                                                                                                                                                                           (3,126)
 Net
 Cash assets
        acquiredacquired                                                                                                                                                 307,076
                                                                                                                                                                          14,814
 Net
  Netassets
 Debt  assets   acquired
                 acquired                                                                                                                                                307,076
                                                                                                                                                                          307,076
                                                                                                                                                                           (9,648)
 Net assets acquired                                                                                                                                                     307,076
                                                                                                                                                                         292,262
 Consideration paid                                                                                                                                                      297,875
 Consideration
  Consideration
 Cash   acquiredpaid  paid                                                                                                                                               297,875
                                                                                                                                                                          297,875
                                                                                                                                                                          14,814
 Consideration       payable2222
                     paid                                                                                                                                                   9,201
                                                                                                                                                                         297,875
 Consideration
  Consideration
 Net  assets         payable
                      payable
                acquired                                                                                                                                                    9,201
                                                                                                                                                                             9,201
                                                                                                                                                                         307,076
                               2
1Consideration payable                                                                                                                                                      9,201
111 The goodwill arising from the acquisitions mainly represents the future economic value associated to acquired work force and synergies with the Company’s
  The goodwill
 The   goodwill
 operations. Allarising
                  arising
                  of the from
                           from the
                                 theis
                          goodwill      included inmainly
                                       acquisitions
                                     acquisitions    mainly
                                                     the U.S.represents
                                                              operatingthe
                                                            represents   the future
                                                                              futureand
                                                                         segment     economic
                                                                                      economic  value associated
                                                                                               value
                                                                                        $191,231,000   associated       acquired
                                                                                                                  toto acquired
                                                                                                       is deductible   for        work force
                                                                                                                                 work
                                                                                                                           tax purposes.force and
                                                                                                                                               and synergies
                                                                                                                                                    synergies with
                                                                                                                                                              with the
                                                                                                                                                                    the Company’s
                                                                                                                                                                        Company’s
1
Consideration
 operations.
  operations.
 The  goodwillAll paid
               Allofofthe
                arisingthefrom
                          goodwill
                           goodwill
                                the isisincluded
                                         includedininthe
                                     acquisitions     theU.S.
                                                    mainlyU.S.operating
                                                            represents   segment     and
                                                                             future and
                                                                          segment
                                                               operatingthe             $191,231,000
                                                                                         $191,231,000
                                                                                     economic  value isis deductible
                                                                                                           deductible
                                                                                                      associated  to forfortax
                                                                                                                            tax work
                                                                                                                       acquired        force and synergies with the 297,875
                                                                                                                                purposes.
                                                                                                                               purposes.                                Company’s
2
    operations.inAll of
  2 Repayable           the goodwill
                  annually           is included
                             installments        in the
                                           through 2021U.S. operatinginterest
                                                        and bearing    segmentat and  $191,231,000
                                                                                   rate of 2.04%. is deductible for tax purposes.
22Consideration
  Repayable         payable2
   Repayableininannually
                 annuallyinstallments
                           installmentsthrough
                                          through2021
                                                   2021and
                                                         andbearing
                                                             bearinginterest
                                                                      interestatataarate
                                                                                     rateofof2.04%.
                                                                                              2.04%.                                                                9,201
2
  Repayable in annually installments through 2021 and bearing interest at a rate of 2.04%.
1
In The goodwill on
    addition,   arising  from the6,acquisitions
                    October           2017, themainly     represents
                                                     Company          the future94.79%
                                                                  acquired         economicof  value
                                                                                                  theassociated
                                                                                                       outstandingto acquired
                                                                                                                        shares    offorce
                                                                                                                               work       and synergies
                                                                                                                                      Affecto           with theaCompany’s
                                                                                                                                               Plc (Affecto),     leading
In  addition,All
 Inoperations.
    addition,   on
                on       goodwill6,
                      October
                    October
                  of the          6,
                                   is 2017,
                                       2017,   the
                                                thethe U.S.
                                      included in    Company
                                                     Company      acquired
                                                                   acquired
                                                            operating            94.79%
                                                                       segment and94.79%      of
                                                                                               of the
                                                                                       $191,231,000     outstanding
                                                                                                       outstanding
                                                                                                   the is deductible      shares
                                                                                                                        shares
                                                                                                                     for tax                                       leading
                                                                                                                                                    (Affecto), aa leading
                                                                                                                                               Plc (Affecto),
                                                                                                                                      Affecto Plc
                                                                                                                                   of Affecto
                                                                                                                                  of
                                                                                                                             purposes.
provider
In  addition,of   business      intelligence      andCompany
                                                          enterpriseacquired
                                                                         information      management           solutions    and    services,     headquartered
                                                                                                                                                          (Affecto),in    Helsinki,
provider
2provider
provider
   Repayable  ofin on
             of        October
                   business
                  business
                   annually
                                    6,  2017, the
                                 intelligence
                                intelligence
                             installments         and
                                            through and   enterprise
                                                           enterprise
                                                      2021 and           information
                                                                 bearing interest
                                                                                    94.79%
                                                                          information           of
                                                                                          management
                                                                                          managementthe outstanding
                                                                                           management
                                                                                  at a rate of 2.04%.           solutions shares
                                                                                                               solutions
                                                                                                               solutions    and        of
                                                                                                                             and services, Affecto
                                                                                                                                    services,        Plc
                                                                                                                                                 headquartered
                                                                                                                                                 headquartered
                                                                                                                                                  headquartered        inaHelsinki,
                                                                                                                                                                      in   leading
                                                                                                                                                                           Helsinki,
Finland,
provider
Finland,    for
             of
            for   a
                  a cash
                  business
                    cash   consideration
                                intelligence
                           consideration        of
                                                of  $137,436,000.
                                                  and     enterprise
                                                    $137,436,000.        On
                                                                         On   October 10,
                                                                         information
                                                                              October         2017,
                                                                                          management
                                                                                         10,  2017,    the
                                                                                                       the   Company
                                                                                                               solutions
                                                                                                             Company       submitted
                                                                                                                            and           an
                                                                                                                                   services,
                                                                                                                           submitted      an  application  to
                                                                                                                                                 headquartered
                                                                                                                                              application   to  initiate
                                                                                                                                                                      in
                                                                                                                                                                initiate  statutory
                                                                                                                                                                          Helsinki,
                                                                                                                                                                          statutory
Finland,
 Finland, for a cash consideration of$137,436,000.   $137,436,000. On October 10, 2017, the Company submitted an application to initiate statutory
squeeze-out
Finland,
squeeze-out for a proceedings
                    cash   consideration
                    proceedings       in order
                                          order ofto   complete the
                                                   to complete
                                                    $137,436,000.         redemption
                                                                     the On   October of 10, the
                                                                                          of the  shares
                                                                                              2017,           held by
                                                                                                       the held
                                                                                                             Company  by the  remaining
                                                                                                                           submitted      anshareholders
                                                                                                                                              application  toofof Affecto. At
                                                                                                                                                                initiate     At the
                                                                                                                                                                          statutory
squeeze-out
 squeeze-out
In  addition, on    proceedings
                     proceedings
                       October      6,in
                                       in
                                      in   order
                                          order
                                        2017,       tocomplete
                                                   to
                                                  the   complete
                                                        Companythe    the redemption
                                                                          redemption
                                                                           redemption
                                                                        acquired    94.79%of
                                                                                           oftheofshares
                                                                                              the shares
                                                                                                   shares
                                                                                                    the        held
                                                                                                              held
                                                                                                          outstanding by the
                                                                                                                          the
                                                                                                                      bythe   remaining
                                                                                                                               remaining
                                                                                                                              remaining
                                                                                                                            shares           shareholders
                                                                                                                                              shareholders
                                                                                                                                            shareholders
                                                                                                                                       of Affecto    Plc        ofAffecto.
                                                                                                                                                               of Affecto.
                                                                                                                                                                   Affecto.
                                                                                                                                                          (Affecto),     a At At the
                                                                                                                                                                                 the
                                                                                                                                                                           leadingthe
time  of  the
squeeze-out      approval
                    proceedingsof the inCompany's
                                          order
                                        Company's  to     consolidated
                                                       complete      the     financial
                                                                          redemption     statements,
                                                                                          of the  shares   the   initial
                                                                                                              held    by accounting
                                                                                                                         the  remaining  for  the  acquisition
                                                                                                                                            shareholders       of of Affecto
                                                                                                                                                                  Affecto.   At was
                                                                                                                                                                                 the
time
 time of
       ofthe
provider   the
             of approval
                  approval
                  businessof   ofthe
                                   the  Company's
                                        Company's
                                intelligence               consolidated
                                                          consolidated
                                                  and enterprise             financial
                                                                              financialstatements,
                                                                         information      statements,
                                                                                          management       the
                                                                                                            theinitial
                                                                                                               solutions accounting
                                                                                                                          accounting
                                                                                                                  initial and                       acquisitionof
                                                                                                                                               theacquisition
                                                                                                                                          forthe
                                                                                                                                         for
                                                                                                                                   services,     headquartered     of in
                                                                                                                                                                     Affecto
                                                                                                                                                                      Affecto   was
                                                                                                                                                                                was
                                                                                                                                                                          Helsinki,
incomplete.
time  of  the approval of the Company's consolidated financial statements, the initial accounting for the acquisition of Affecto was
incomplete.
 incomplete.
Finland,    for a cash consideration of $137,436,000. On October 10, 2017, the Company submitted an application to initiate statutory
incomplete.
These
These    acquisitions
squeeze-out                 will
                    proceedings
          acquisitions
 Theseacquisitions                complement
                                      in  order to the
                                   complement
                              willcomplement
                             will                            Company's
                                                       theCompany's
                                                      the   Company's
                                                       complete             proximity
                                                                     the redemption      model
                                                                                          of
                                                                             proximitymodel
                                                                            proximity        the and
                                                                                          model   shares
                                                                                                   andfurther
                                                                                                   and
                                                                                                         further      by the
                                                                                                              held strengthen
                                                                                                          further
                                                                                                                     strengthen
                                                                                                                              remaining
                                                                                                                      strengthen
                                                                                                                                    its global
                                                                                                                                            shareholders
                                                                                                                                     itsglobal
                                                                                                                                    its  global
                                                                                                                                                  capabilitiesofacross
                                                                                                                                                  capabilities
                                                                                                                                                                           several
                                                                                                                                                                  Affecto.several
                                                                                                                                                   capabilitiesacross
                                                                                                                                                                  across     At  the
                                                                                                                                                                            several
in-demand
time
These of  the    digital
                 digital
                 approval
         acquisitions     transformation
                         transformation
                               of the
                             will       Company's
                                  complement     areas.
                                                 areas.
                                                      theconsolidated
                                                            Company's financial          statements,
                                                                            proximity model        and the
                                                                                                         further initial accounting
                                                                                                                     strengthen     its for
                                                                                                                                        global     acquisition of
                                                                                                                                              thecapabilities        Affecto
                                                                                                                                                                 across         was
                                                                                                                                                                           several
in-demand
 in-demand       digital
                  digital transformation
                           transformation        areas.
                                                  areas.
in-demand
incomplete.digital transformation areas.
b) Acquisition-related and integration costs
b)
 b) Acquisition-related
These  Acquisition-related
         acquisitions will complement and
                                       andintegration
                                               integration      costs
                                                                 costs proximity model and further strengthen its global capabilities across several
                                                      the Company's
b)
In    Acquisition-related
    connection        with these      and integration
                                     acquisitions,              costs
                                                         the Company          expensed $10,306,000 related to acquisition-related and integration costs
in-demand
In
 In connection   digital
     connection with      transformation
                      with these
                             these acquisitions, areas.
                                      acquisitions, the   the Company
                                                                Company expensed
                                                                               expensed $10,306,000
                                                                                             $10,306,000 related related toto acquisition-related
                                                                                                                               acquisition-related and  and integration
                                                                                                                                                               integration costs
                                                                                                                                                                               costs
during
In       the yearwith
    connection          ended
                            these September
                                     acquisitions,  30, the
                                                         2017. This
                                                               Company   amount     includes
                                                                              expensed           acquisition-related
                                                                                            $10,306,000         related tocosts      of  $1,661,000 and integration costs
                                                                                                                              acquisition-related
during
 duringthetheyearyearended
                        endedSeptember
                                  September30,       30,2017.
                                                          2017.This Thisamount
                                                                          amount    includes
                                                                                     includes    acquisition-related
                                                                                                 acquisition-related        costs
                                                                                                                             costs   of
                                                                                                                                      of$1,661,000
                                                                                                                                         $1,661,000and  andintegration
                                                                                                                                                               integrationcostscosts
of  $8,645,000.
during   the    year  The   acquisition-related
                        ended     September         30,  costs
                                                         2017.    consist
                                                                   This     mainlyincludes
                                                                         amount      of professional       fees incurredcosts
                                                                                                 acquisition-related          for theofacquisitions.    The integration costs
of
 of
b)  $8,645,000.
    $8,645,000.       The
                       The
      Acquisition-related   acquisition-related
                             acquisition-related
                                      and     integrationcosts
                                                          costs   consist
                                                                   consist
                                                                costs       mainly
                                                                            mainlyof  ofprofessional
                                                                                         professionalfees           incurredfor
                                                                                                            feesincurred       forthe
                                                                                                                                   the   $1,661,000
                                                                                                                                        acquisitions.and
                                                                                                                                        acquisitions.   The
                                                                                                                                                         Theintegration
                                                                                                                                                               integrationcostscosts
mainly
of       include The
    $8,645,000.       termination of        employments
                            acquisition-related          costs of    $5,207,000
                                                                  consist            accounted
                                                                            mainly accounted
                                                                                     of professionalfor infees
                                                                                                             restructuring
                                                                                                                   incurred for provisions,
                                                                                                                                  the           leases of
                                                                                                                                        acquisitions.   The vacated
                                                                                                                                                              integrationpremises
                                                                                                                                                                              costs
mainly
 mainly
In       include
           include
    connection        termination
                       termination      of
                                         of employments
                                             employments         of
                                                                  of $5,207,000
                                                                      $5,207,000      accounted      for
                                                                                                    for   in
                                                                                                         in   restructuring
                                                                                                             restructuring      provisions,
                                                                                                                                 provisions,    leases
                                                                                                                                                 leases of
                                                                                                                                                         of vacated
                                                                                                                                                             vacated     premises
                                                                                                                                                                          premises
of
mainly
of       includewith
    $1,382,000
     $1,382,000
 of$1,382,000
                            these acquisitions,
                      accounted
                      termination
                      accounted
                       accounted
                                     forof in
                                       for
                                     for
                                               onerous
                                            employments
                                            in
                                           in   onerous
                                               onerous
                                                         the   Company
                                                            lease
                                                            lease
                                                             lease
                                                                              expensed
                                                                 of provisions,
                                                                     $5,207,000
                                                                     provisions,
                                                                      provisions,
                                                                                    as well
                                                                                     accounted
                                                                                     aswell
                                                                                    as
                                                                                            $10,306,000
                                                                                         wellas as
                                                                                                   otherinintegration
                                                                                               as for
                                                                                                   other     restructuring
                                                                                                   otherintegration
                                                                                                             integration
                                                                                                                              acquisition-related
                                                                                                                related tocosts     of  $ 2,056,000.
                                                                                                                                provisions,
                                                                                                                            costs
                                                                                                                             costs  of          leasesand
                                                                                                                                     of$$1,661,000
                                                                                                                                         $2,056,000.
                                                                                                                                           2,056,000.
                                                                                                                                                              integration
                                                                                                                                                        of vacated            costs
                                                                                                                                                                         premises
during   the    year    ended     September         30,  2017.     This  amount     includes     acquisition-related
of $1,382,000 accounted for in onerous lease provisions, as well as other integration costs of $ 2,056,000.                 costs    of                and    integration     costs
of
CGI$8,645,000.        The acquisition-related
     Group Inc. – Consolidated      Financial Statements costsfor consist
                                                                  the yearsmainly    of professional
                                                                            ended September     30, 2017fees       incurred for the acquisitions. The integration costs
                                                                                                            and 2016                                                               48
CGI
 CGIGroup
106   GroupInc.
              Inc.––Consolidated
                      ConsolidatedFinancial
                                     FinancialStatements
                                                 Statementsfor forthe
                                                                   theyears
                                                                       yearsended
                                                                              endedSeptember
                                                                                    September30, 30,2017
                                                                                                      2017andand2016
                                                                                                                  2016                                                             48
                                                                                                                                                                                    48
mainly
CGI Groupinclude      termination
             Inc. – Consolidated        of employments
                                    Financial   Statements forof  the$5,207,000      accounted
                                                                      years ended September     30, for
                                                                                                     2017inand
                                                                                                             restructuring
                                                                                                                 2016           provisions, leases of vacated premises             48
of $1,382,000 accounted for in onerous lease provisions, as well as other integration costs of $ 2,056,000.
                                                                                                         FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


27. Supplementary cash flow information
a) Net change in non-cash working capital items is as follows for the years ended September 30:
27. Supplementary cash flow information
                                                                                                           2017             2016
a) Net change in non-cash working capital items is as follows for the years ended September 30:
                                                                                                              $                $
 Accounts receivable                                                                                   (164,452)         (35,829)
                                                                                                           2017             2016
 Work in progress                                                                                        (8,056)
                                                                                                              $
                                                                                                                        (102,354)
                                                                                                                               $
 Prepaid expenses
 Accounts receivableand other assets                                                                     16,403
                                                                                                       (164,452)         (18,573)
                                                                                                                         (35,829)
 Long-term
 Work in progress assets
            financial                                                                                   (13,338)
                                                                                                         (8,056)          (4,802)
                                                                                                                        (102,354)
 Accountsexpenses
 Prepaid   payable and accrued
                   and other   liabilities
                             assets                                                                     (92,873)
                                                                                                         16,403           16,764
                                                                                                                         (18,573)
 Accrued compensation
 Long-term financial assets                                                                              44,837
                                                                                                        (13,338)         (43,528)
                                                                                                                          (4,802)
 Deferred revenue
 Accounts  payable and accrued liabilities                                                              (12,993)
                                                                                                        (92,873)           3,551
                                                                                                                          16,764
 Provisions
 Accrued  compensation                                                                                   50,777
                                                                                                         44,837          (77,192)
                                                                                                                         (43,528)
 Long-term liabilities                                                                                    8,612          (11,897)
 Deferred revenue                                                                                       (12,993)           3,551
 Retirement benefits obligations                                                                        (12,395)          (1,150)
 Provisions                                                                                              50,777          (77,192)
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                         3,229           (2,256)
 Long-term liabilities                                                                                    8,612          (11,897)
 Income taxes                                                                                            34,164            9,393
 Retirement benefits obligations                                                                        (12,395)          (1,150)
                                                                                                       (146,085)        (267,873)
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                         3,229           (2,256)
 Income taxes                                                                                            34,164            9,393
b) Non-cash operating, investing and financing activities related to operations are as follows for the years ended September
                                                                                                         (146,085)            30:
                                                                                                                        (267,873)

                                                                                                           2017             2016
b) Non-cash operating, investing and financing activities related to operations are as follows for the years ended September 30:
                                                                                                              $                $
 Operating activities
                                                                                                           2017             2016
   Accounts receivable                                                                                    (118)              (15)
                                                                                                              $                $
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                             34,522            36,139
 Operating activities
   Provisions                                                                                            1,571             1,074
   Accounts receivable                                                                                    (118)              (15)
                                                                                                        35,975            37,198
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                             34,522            36,139
 Investing activities
   Provisions                                                                                            1,571             1,074
   Purchase of PP&E                                                                                    (16,365)          (15,427)
                                                                                                        35,975            37,198
   Additions of intangible assets                                                                      (23,236)          (32,608)
 Investing activities
                                                                                                       (39,601)          (48,035)
   Purchase of PP&E                                                                                    (16,365)          (15,427)
 Financing activities
   Additions of intangible assets                                                                      (23,236)          (32,608)
   Increase in obligations under finance leases                                                          3,508             9,238
                                                                                                       (39,601)          (48,035)
   Increase in obligations other than finance leases                                                         —             1,584
 Financing activities
   Issuance of shares                                                                                      118                15
   Increase in obligations under finance leases                                                          3,508             9,238
                                                                                                         3,626            10,837
   Increase in obligations other than finance leases                                                         —             1,584
   Issuance of shares                                                                                      118                15
c) Interest paid and received and income taxes paid are classified within operating activities and are as3,626
                                                                                                           follows for the10,837
                                                                                                                           years
ended September 30:
c) Interest paid and received and income taxes paid are classified within operating activities and are as follows for the years
                                                                                                         2017              2016
ended September 30:
                                                                                                              $                $
 Interest paid                                                                                           78,227          82,369
                                                                                                           2017             2016
 Interest received                                                                                        3,680            1,455
                                                                                                              $                $
 Income
 Interest taxes
          paid paid                                                                                     244,227
                                                                                                         78,227         246,134
                                                                                                                         82,369
 Interest received                                                                                        3,680            1,455
d)Income
    Cashtaxes
         and cash
              paid equivalents consisted fully of unrestricted cash as at September 30, 2017 and 2016.244,227           246,134


d) Cash and cash equivalents consisted fully of unrestricted cash as at September 30, 2017 and 2016.




CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
                                                                                                                            107
                                                                                                                             49
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


28. Segmented information
The
28. following tables present
      Segmented              information on the Company's operations based on its current management structure managed
                        information
through seven operating segments. Segment results are based on the location from which the services are delivered - the
geographic delivery model (Note 11).
The following tables present information on the Company's operations based on its current management structure managed
through seven operating segments. Segment results are based on the location from which the services are delivered - the
                                                                                              Year ended September 30, 2017
geographic delivery model (Note 11).
                                                 U.S.      Nordics        Canada         France           U.K.          ECS    Asia Pacific           Total
                                                    $             $             $              $             $              $ ended September
                                                                                                                           Year        $             $
                                                                                                                                              30, 2017

    Segment revenue                              U.S.
                                           3,028,355       Nordics
                                                        1,577,883         Canada
                                                                       1,605,500        France
                                                                                     1,559,869           U.K.
                                                                                                   1,286,700           ECS
                                                                                                                  1,194,409    Asia Pacific
                                                                                                                                  592,350            Total
                                                                                                                                               10,845,066
    Earnings before
    Earnings    before     acquisition-
                      acquisition-                  $             $             $              $             $             $              $              $
              andintegration
     related and   integrationcosts,
                                  costs,
     restructuring
    Segment
     restructuring  costs, net
              revenue
                   costs,   net finance
                                finance    3,028,355    1,577,883      1,605,500     1,559,869     1,286,700      1,194,409       592,350      10,845,066
     costs and  income   tax expense1        495,774      179,989        343,856       193,075       152,185         98,981       122,763       1,586,623
    Earnings  before  acquisition-
    Acquisition-related
     related             and costs,
             and integration
     integration costs
     restructuring costs,   net26b)
                        (Note   finance                                                                                                           (10,306)
     costs and income
    Restructuring  costs tax  expense
                          (Note  24)
                                       1
                                            495,774       179,989        343,856       193,075       152,185         98,981       122,763       1,586,623
                                                                                                                                                  (88,628)
    Acquisition-related  and 25)
    Net finance costs (Note                                                                                                                       (69,792)
     integration costs (Note 26b)                                                                                                                 (10,306)
    Earnings   before  income     taxes                                                                                                         1,417,897
    Restructuring  costs  (Note 24)                                                                                                               (88,628)
1
    Net finance
     Total       costs and
           amortization (Note 25)                                                                                                                  (69,792)
                            depreciation of $370,207,000 included in the U.S., Nordics, Canada, France, U.K., ECS and Asia Pacific operating segments  was
     $98,163,000, $47,907,000, $62,050,000, $32,377,000, $69,506,000, $37,480,000 and $22,724,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2017.
    Earnings  before income taxes                                                                                                                1,417,897
1
     Total amortization and depreciation of $370,207,000 included in the U.S., Nordics, Canada, France, U.K., ECS and Asia Pacific operating segments was
     $98,163,000, $47,907,000, $62,050,000, $32,377,000, $69,506,000, $37,480,000 and $22,724,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2017.
                                                                                                                              Year ended September 30, 2016

                                                 U.S.       Nordics       Canada         France           U.K.          ECS     Asia Pacific          Total
                                                    $             $             $              $             $             $Year ended   $              $
                                                                                                                                       September 30, 2016

    Segment revenue                              U.S.
                                           2,878,661       Nordics
                                                        1,651,322         Canada
                                                                       1,536,331         France
                                                                                     1,444,966           U.K.
                                                                                                   1,431,739           ECS
                                                                                                                  1,198,854     Asia Pacific
                                                                                                                                  541,391            Total
                                                                                                                                               10,683,264
    Earnings before restructuring                   $             $             $              $             $             $              $              $
     costs, net finance costs and
    Segment   revenue
     income tax   expense1                 2,878,661
                                             486,295    1,651,322
                                                          186,742      1,536,331
                                                                         345,483     1,444,966
                                                                                       174,685     1,431,739
                                                                                                     154,262      1,198,854
                                                                                                                    114,256        541,391
                                                                                                                                    98,588     10,683,264
                                                                                                                                                1,560,311
    Earnings before
    Restructuring    restructuring
                   costs (Note 24)                                                                                                                (29,100)
     costs, net finance costs and
    Net finance  costs
     income tax expense(Note
                           1 25)
                                            486,295       186,742        345,483       174,685       154,262        114,256         98,588        (78,426)
                                                                                                                                                1,560,311
    Earnings before
    Restructuring    income
                   costs (Notetaxes
                               24)                                                                                                              1,452,785
                                                                                                                                                  (29,100)
1
    Net finance
     Total       costs and
           amortization (Note 25)                                                                                                                 (78,426)
                            depreciation of $398,906,000 included in the U.S., Nordics, Canada, France, U.K., ECS and Asia Pacific operating segments was
     $94,744,000, $69,385,000, $58,695,000, $34,542,000, $79,342,000, $40,427,000 and $21,771,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2016.
    Earnings  before income taxes                                                                                                                1,452,785
1
  Total
The     amortizationpolicies
     accounting      and depreciation
                             of eachofoperating
                                       $398,906,000  included are
                                                  segment     in thethe
                                                                      U.S.,
                                                                        sameNordics, Canada,described
                                                                                as those     France, U.K.,
                                                                                                       in ECS   and Asia Pacific
                                                                                                           the Summary           operating segments
                                                                                                                             of significant         was
                                                                                                                                            accounting
  $94,744,000, $69,385,000, $58,695,000, $34,542,000, $79,342,000, $40,427,000 and $21,771,000, respectively for the year ended September 30, 2016.
policies (Note 3). Intersegment revenue is priced as if the revenue was from third parties.
The accounting policies of each operating segment are the same as those described in the Summary of significant accounting
policies (Note 3). Intersegment revenue is priced as if the revenue was from third parties.




108
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                       50
                                                                                                                   FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


28. Segmented information (continued)
GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION
28. Segmented   information (continued)
The following table
GEOGRAPHIC          provides external revenue information based on the client’s location which is different from the revenue
                INFORMATION
presented under operating segments, due to the intersegment revenue:
The following table provides external revenue information based on the client’s location which is different
                                                                                                     2017   from the revenue
                                                                                                                        2016
presented under operating segments, due to the intersegment revenue:                                    $                  $
U.S.                                                                                                        3,118,044
                                                                                                                 2017
                                                                                                                                  2,969,506
                                                                                                                                       2016
                                                                                                                     $                     $
Nordics
U.S.                                                                                                        3,118,044             2,969,506
  Sweden                                                                                                      775,093               829,080
  Finland                                                                                                     654,155               648,981
Nordics
  Others                                                                                                      239,658               248,826
  Sweden                                                                                                      775,093               829,080
                                                                                                            1,668,906             1,726,887
  Finland                                                                                                     654,155               648,981
  Others                                                                                                      239,658               248,826
Canada                                                                                                      1,746,438             1,643,680
                                                                                                            1,668,906             1,726,887

France
Canada                                                                                                      1,746,438             1,643,680
  France                                                                                                    1,555,721             1,433,354
  Others                                                                                                       38,445                38,690
France
                                                                                                            1,594,166             1,472,044
  France                                                                                                    1,555,721             1,433,354
  Others                                                                                                       38,445                38,690
U.K.                                                                                                        1,419,419             1,568,323
                                                                                                            1,594,166             1,472,044

ECS
U.K.                                                                                                        1,419,419             1,568,323
  Germany                                                                                                     415,104               397,059
  Netherlands                                                                                                 421,673               449,031
ECS
  Others                                                                                                      332,401               318,991
  Germany                                                                                                     415,104               397,059
                                                                                                            1,169,178             1,165,081
  Netherlands                                                                                                 421,673               449,031
  Others                                                                                                      332,401               318,991
Asia Pacific
                                                                                                            1,169,178             1,165,081
  Others                                                                                                      128,915               137,743
                                                                                                              128,915               137,743
Asia Pacific
  Others                                                                                                   10,845,066
                                                                                                              128,915           10,683,264
                                                                                                                                   137,743
                                                                                                              128,915              137,743
The following table provides information for PP&E, contract costs and intangible assets based on their location:
                                                                                               10,845,066                       10,683,264

                                                                                                        As at
The following table provides information for PP&E, contract costs and intangible assets based  on their
                                                                                          September     location:September 30, As
                                                                                                    30, 2017
                                                                                                                                  at
                                                                                                                               2016
                                                                                                                      $                    $
   U.S.                                                                                                           As
                                                                                                              312,909at                 As
                                                                                                                                   290,303 at
                                                                                                     September 30, 2017   September 30, 2016
   Canada                                                                                                      311,667
                                                                                                                     $              283,121
                                                                                                                                          $
   U.K.                                                                                                        183,213              234,743
   U.S.                                                                                                        312,909              290,303
   France                                                                                                       66,416               76,654
   Canada                                                                                                      311,667              283,121
   Sweden                                                                                                       66,953               72,795
   U.K.                                                                                                        183,213              234,743
   Finland                                                                                                      35,363               34,745
   France                                                                                                       66,416               76,654
   Germany                                                                                                      38,310               46,825
   Sweden                                                                                                       66,953               72,795
   Netherlands                                                                                                  25,300               30,487
   Finland                                                                                                      35,363               34,745
   Rest of the world                                                                                            89,964               90,419
   Germany                                                                                                      38,310               46,825
   Netherlands                                                                                               1,130,095
                                                                                                                25,300            1,160,092
                                                                                                                                     30,487
   Rest of the world                                                                                            89,964               90,419
                                                                                                             1,130,095            1,160,092



                                                                                                                                        109
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                         51
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


28. Segmented information (continued)
INFORMATION ABOUTinformation
28. Segmented     SERVICES   (continued)
The following table provides revenue information based on services provided by the Company:
INFORMATION ABOUT SERVICES
The following table provides revenue information based on services provided by the Company:                2017                   2016
                                                                                                              $                      $
    Outsourcing                                                                                            2017                   2016
     IT services                                                                                      4,640,892$            4,680,329$
     BPS                                                                                              1,128,258             1,099,342
    Outsourcing
    Systems  integration and consulting services                                                      5,075,916             4,903,593
     IT services                                                                                      4,640,892             4,680,329
     BPS                                                                                             10,845,066
                                                                                                      1,128,258           10,683,264
                                                                                                                           1,099,342
    Systems integration and consulting services                                                       5,075,916            4,903,593
MAJOR CLIENT INFORMATION                                                                             10,845,066           10,683,264

Contracts with the U.S. federal government and its various agencies, included within the U.S. operating segment, accounted for
MAJOR   CLIENTand 14.00%
$1,521,821,000    INFORMATIONof revenues for the year ended September 30, 2017 ($1,405,955,000 and 13.20% for the year ended
September 30, 2016).
Contracts with the U.S. federal government and its various agencies, included within the U.S. operating segment, accounted for
$1,521,821,000 and 14.00% of revenues for the year ended September 30, 2017 ($1,405,955,000 and 13.20% for the year ended
29.   Related
September          party transactions
           30, 2016).

a)
29. Transactions with subsidiaries
      Related party     transactions
Balances and transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation. The Company
owns 100%
a)         of the with
    Transactions  equity interests of its principal subsidiaries.
                        subsidiaries
Balances
The       and principal
    Company’s transactions  between the
                         subsidiaries      Company
                                        whose         and its
                                               revenues,      subsidiaries
                                                          based on  the have   been
                                                                        geographic   eliminated
                                                                                   delivery     onrepresent
                                                                                            model,          more The
                                                                                                   consolidation.     Company
                                                                                                                  than 3% of the
owns 100% of the
consolidated      equity
             revenues    interests
                       are as      of its principal subsidiaries.
                              follows:
The Company’s principal subsidiaries whose revenues, based on the geographic delivery model, represent more than 3% of the
 Name of subsidiary                                                                                  Country of incorporation
consolidated  revenues are as follows:
CGI Technologies and Solutions Inc.                                                                                     United States
CGI
NameFederal  Inc.
      of subsidiary                                                                                           Country ofUnited  States
                                                                                                                         incorporation
CGI Suomi   Oy                                                                                                                 Finland
CGI Technologies and Solutions Inc.                                                                                     United States
CGI
CGI Sverige
    Federal AB                                                                                                                Sweden
             Inc.                                                                                                       United  States
Conseillers en gestion et informatique CGI Inc.                                                                               Canada
CGI Suomi Oy                                                                                                                   Finland
CGI
CGI Information
    Sverige AB Systems and Management Consultants Inc.                                                                        Canada
                                                                                                                              Sweden
CGI France en
            SAS                                                                                                                France
Conseillers    gestion et informatique CGI Inc.                                                                               Canada
CGI IT UK  Limited                                                                                                   United Kingdom
CGI Information Systems and Management Consultants Inc.                                                                       Canada
CGI Nederland
CGI France SASBV                                                                                                          Netherlands
                                                                                                                               France
CGI Deutschland
CGI IT UK LimitedLtd & Co KG                                                                                         United Germany
                                                                                                                             Kingdom
CGI
CGI Information   Systems and Management Consultants Private Limited                                                              India
    Nederland BV                                                                                                          Netherlands
CGI Deutschland Ltd & Co KG                                                                                                  Germany
CGI Compensation
b)  Information Systems and Management
                     of key management Consultants
                                         personnel Private Limited                                                              India

Compensation of key management personnel, defined as the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Vice President
b)  Compensation
and Chief Financial of keyand the
                   Officer management   personnel
                                  Board of Directors was as follows:
Compensation of key management personnel, defined as the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Executive Vice President1
                                                                                                    2017               2016
and Chief Financial Officer and the Board of Directors was as follows:
                                                                                                               $                      $
    Short-term employee benefits                                                                          8,990
                                                                                                           2017
                                                                                                                                6,224
                                                                                                                                2016
                                                                                                                                     1

    Share-based payments                                                                                 15,537$               23,803$
1
    Short-term
     Includes   employee
              the Chief     benefits
                        Operating Officer.                                                                8,990                 6,224
    Share-based payments                                                                                 15,537                23,803
1
     Includes the Chief Operating Officer



110
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                   52
                                                                                                              FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


30. Commitments, contingencies and guarantees
a)
30. Commitments
     Commitments, contingencies and guarantees
As at September 30, 2017, the Company is committed under the terms of operating leases with various expiration dates up to
2028, primarily
a)  Commitments for the rental of premises and computer equipment used in outsourcing contracts, in the aggregate amount of
approximately $656,775,000, excluding costs for services and taxes.
As at September 30, 2017, the Company is committed under the terms of operating leases with various expiration dates up to
2028, primarily
The future      for the
           minimum      rental
                      lease    of premises
                            payments  underand computer equipment
                                            non-cancellable         used
                                                            operating    in outsourcing
                                                                      leases are due as contracts,
                                                                                        follows: in the aggregate amount of
approximately $656,775,000, excluding costs for services and taxes.
                                                                                                                                     $
The future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are due as follows:
 Less than one year                                                                                                           174,835
 Between one and two years                                                                                                    127,411
                                                                                                                                    $
 Less thantwo
 Between    oneand  five years                                                                                                241,387
                year                                                                                                          174,835
 Beyond  five years                                                                                                           113,142
 Between one and two years                                                                                                    127,411
 Between two and five years                                                                                                   241,387
The majority of the lease agreements are renewable at the end of the lease period at market rates. The lease expenditure charged
  Beyond five years                                                                                                      113,142
to earnings during the year was $200,424,000 ($223,289,000 in 2016), net of subleases income of $14,653,000 ($19,220,000
in 2016). As at September 30, 2017, the total future minimum subleases payments expected to be received under non-cancellable
The majority of the lease agreements are renewable at the end of the lease period at market rates. The lease expenditure charged
subleases were $12,868,000 ($25,801,000 as at September 30, 2016).
to earnings during the year was $200,424,000 ($223,289,000 in 2016), net of subleases income of $14,653,000 ($19,220,000
in
The2016). As at entered
     Company    September
                        into30, 2017, the
                             long-term    total future
                                        service        minimum
                                                 and other      subleases
                                                            agreements    payments a total
                                                                       representing expected to
                                                                                           commitment  of under
                                                                                                be received      non-cancellable
                                                                                                          $238,931,000. Minimum
subleases were
payments          $12,868,000
            under these         ($25,801,000
                        agreements    are due asas at September 30, 2016).
                                                   follows:
The Company entered into long-term service and other agreements representing a total commitment of $238,931,000. Minimum
                                                                                                                       $
payments under these agreements are due as follows:
 Less than one year                                                                                                           109,495
 Between one and two years                                                                                                     70,073
                                                                                                                                    $
 Between
 Less thantwo
           oneand five years                                                                                                   59,363
               year                                                                                                           109,495
 Between one and two years                                                                                                     70,073
 Between two and five years                                                                                                    59,363
b)   Contingencies
From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, litigation and claims which primarily relate to tax exposure,
b)   Contingencies
contractual   disputes and employee claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. Certain of these matters seek damages
in significant amounts and will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Although the outcome
From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings, audits, litigation and claims which primarily relate to tax exposure,
of such matters is not predictable with assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the disposition of any such current
contractual disputes and employee claims arising in the ordinary course of its business. Certain of these matters seek damages
matter could reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations
in significant amounts and will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Although the outcome
or the ability to carry on any of its business activities. Claims for which there is a probable unfavourable outcome are recorded
of such matters is not predictable with assurance, the Company has no reason to believe that the disposition of any such current
in provisions (Note 12).
matter could reasonably be expected to have a materially adverse impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations
or the
In     abilitythe
   addition,   to carry on any
                  Company    is of its
                                engagedbusiness activities.
                                          to provide        Claims
                                                     services      for which
                                                                under        there
                                                                      contracts withis a probable
                                                                                      the U.S. Government. Theoutcome
                                                                                                  unfavourable             arerecorded
                                                                                                                contractsare    subject
in provisionslegal
to extensive    (Noteand
                      12).regulatory requirements and, from time to time, agencies of the U.S. Government investigate whether the
Company’s operations are being conducted in accordance with these requirements. Generally, the Government has the right to
In addition, the Company is engaged to provide services under contracts with the U.S. Government. The contracts are subject
change the scope of, or terminate, these projects at its convenience. The termination or reduction in the scope of a major
to extensive legal and regulatory requirements and, from time to time, agencies of the U.S. Government investigate whether the
government project could have a materially adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company.
Company’s operations are being conducted in accordance with these requirements. Generally, the Government has the right to
change the scope of, or terminate, these projects at its convenience. The termination or reduction in the scope of a major
government project could have a materially adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company.




                                                                                                                                   111
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                  53
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


30. Commitments, contingencies and guarantees (continued)
c)
30. Guarantees
     Commitments, contingencies and guarantees (continued)
Sale of assets and business divestitures
c) Guarantees
In connection with the sale of assets and business divestitures, the Company may be required to pay counterparties for costs
Sale  of assets
and losses        andas
             incurred  business
                         the resultdivestitures
                                      of breaches in contractual obligations, representations and warranties, intellectual property right
infringement and litigation against counterparties, among others. While some of the agreements specify a maximum potential
In connection with the sale of assets and business divestitures, the Company may be required to pay counterparties for costs
exposure of approximately $10,865,000 in total, others do not specify a maximum amount or limited period. It is not possible to
and losses incurred as the result of breaches in contractual obligations, representations and warranties, intellectual property right
reasonably estimate the maximum amount that may have to be paid under such guarantees. The amounts are dependent upon
infringement and litigation against counterparties, among others. While some of the agreements specify a maximum potential
the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. No amount has
exposure of approximately $10,865,000 in total, others do not specify a maximum amount or limited period. It is not possible to
been accrued in the consolidated balance sheets relating to this type of indemnification as at September 30, 2017. The Company
reasonably estimate the maximum amount that may have to be paid under such guarantees. The amounts are dependent upon
does not expect to incur any potential payment in connection with these guarantees that could have a materially adverse effect
the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined at this time. No amount has
on its consolidated financial statements.
been accrued in the consolidated balance sheets relating to this type of indemnification as at September 30, 2017. The Company
does
Othernot   expect to incur any potential payment in connection with these guarantees that could have a materially adverse effect
        transactions
on its consolidated financial statements.
In the normal course of business, the Company may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and
Other   transactions
performance    bonds. In general, the Company would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if the Company refuses to
perform the project once the bid is awarded. The Company would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of default
In the normal course of business, the Company may provide certain clients, principally governmental entities, with bid and
in the performance of its obligations. As at September 30, 2017, the Company had committed a total of $30,297,000 of these
performance bonds. In general, the Company would only be liable for the amount of the bid bonds if the Company refuses to
bonds. To the best of its knowledge, the Company is in compliance with its performance obligations under all service contracts
perform the project once the bid is awarded. The Company would also be liable for the performance bonds in the event of default
for which there is a bid or performance bond, and the ultimate liability, if any, incurred in connection with these guarantees, would
in the performance of its obligations. As at September 30, 2017, the Company had committed a total of $30,297,000 of these
not have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
bonds. To the best of its knowledge, the Company is in compliance with its performance obligations under all service contracts
for which there
Moreover,   the is a bid orhas
                Company     performance     bond,for
                                letters of credit  and
                                                     a the ultimate
                                                       total of      liability, ifinany,
                                                                $86,813,000              incurred
                                                                                     addition      in letters
                                                                                              to the   connection   with these
                                                                                                              of credit        guarantees,
                                                                                                                        covered by the       would
                                                                                                                                        unsecured
not  have a revolving
committed    materiallycredit
                        adverse   effect
                              facility    on the
                                       (Note      Company’s
                                             13). These        consolidated
                                                         guarantees             resultsinofsome
                                                                       are required         operations
                                                                                                   of the or  financial contracts
                                                                                                           Company’s    condition. with customers.
Moreover, the Company has letters of credit for a total of $86,813,000 in addition to the letters of credit covered by the unsecured
committed revolving credit facility (Note 13). These guarantees are required in some of the Company’s contracts with customers.




112
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                             54
                                                                                                                              FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31. Financial instruments
FAIR
31. VALUE MEASUREMENTS
     Financial instruments
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants
FAIR  VALUEat the    measurement date.
                MEASUREMENTS
The value
Fair       is the
     following      price
                 table    that would
                        presents thebe  received
                                     financial    to sell an
                                               liabilities   asset orinpaid
                                                           included     the to transfer debt
                                                                            long-term   a liability
                                                                                              (Note    13)orderly
                                                                                                    in an  which transaction between
                                                                                                                  are measured       market
                                                                                                                                at amortized
participants  at  the  measurement   date.
cost. The financial liabilities are categorized using the fair value hierarchy.
The following table presents the financial liabilities included in the long-term debt (Note 13) which are measured at amortized
                                                                             As at September 30, 2017      As at September 30, 2016
cost. The financial liabilities are categorized using the fair value hierarchy.
                                                              Level         Carrying amount          Fair value       Carrying amount         Fair value
                                                                                           $                 $                     $                   $
                                                                                      As at September 30, 2017                  As at September 30, 2016
 Financial liabilities for which fair value is disclosed Level              Carrying amount          Fair value       Carrying amount         Fair value
   Other liabilities                                                                       $                 $                     $                  $
     Seniorliabilities
 Financial   U.S. and for
                       euro unsecured
                          which         notesis disclosed Level 2
                                 fair value                                       1,542,428          1,638,980            1,733,036          1,855,143
     Unsecured    committed
   Other liabilities         revolving credit facility    Level 2                   200,000           200,000                     —                  —
      Obligations
      Senior      othereuro
             U.S. and   than finance
                             unsecuredleases
                                        notes                 Level
                                                              Level 2
                                                                    2                61,703
                                                                                  1,542,428             60,847
                                                                                                     1,638,980              111,205
                                                                                                                          1,733,036            109,966
                                                                                                                                             1,855,143
      Obligations under
      Unsecured          finance
                  committed      leasescredit facility
                              revolving                       Level 2
                                                              Level 2
                                                                                     29,794
                                                                                    200,000             29,667
                                                                                                       200,000               42,172
                                                                                                                                  —             41,753
                                                                                                                                                    —
      Other long-term
                  otherdebt
                                                              Level 2                28,078             27,348               24,562             22,843
      Obligations       than finance leases                   Level 2                61,703             60,847              111,205            109,966
                                                                                  1,862,003          1,956,842            1,910,975          2,029,705
      Obligations under finance leases                        Level 2                29,794             29,667               42,172             41,753
      Other long-term debt                                    Level 2                28,078             27,348               24,562             22,843
                                                                                  1,862,003          1,956,842            1,910,975          2,029,705
The following table presents financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value categorized using the fair value hierarchy:


The following table presents financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value categorized using the fair value hierarchy:
                                                                        Level             As at September 30, 2017              As at September 30, 2016
                                                                                                                  $                                    $
 Financial assets                                                       Level             As at September 30, 2017              As at September 30, 2016
   Financial assets at fair value through earnings
                                                                                                                  $                                    $
      Cash and cash equivalents                                         Level 2                          165,872                               596,529
 Financial assets
      Deferred compensation plan assets (Note 10)                       Level 1                           46,906                                42,139
   Financial assets at fair value through earnings
                                                                                                         212,778                               638,668
      Cash and cash equivalents                                         Level 2                          165,872                               596,529
  Derivative financial instruments designated as
      Deferred instruments
     hedging   compensation plan assets (Note 10)                       Level 1                           46,906                                42,139
                                                                                                         212,778                               638,668
     Current derivative financial instruments                           Level 2                            8,152                                22,226
  Derivative financial  instruments     designated(Note
                                                    as 10)
     Long-term   derivative financial instruments                       Level 2                           24,939                                49,759
    hedging    instruments
                                                                                                          33,091                                71,985
     Current derivative financial instruments                           Level 2                            8,152                                22,226
  Available-for-sale
     Long-term derivative financial instruments (Note 10)               Level 2                           24,939                                49,759
     Long-term bonds included in funds held for clients (Note 5)        Level 2                          195,509                               195,976
                                                                                                          33,091                                71,985
     Long-term investments (Note 10)                                    Level 2                           23,047                                27,246
  Available-for-sale
                                                                                                         218,556                               223,222
     Long-term bonds included in funds held for clients (Note 5)        Level 2                          195,509                               195,976
 Financial liabilities
     Long-term investments (Note 10)                                    Level 2                           23,047                                27,246
   Derivative financial instruments designated as
     hedging instruments                                                                                 218,556                               223,222
 Financial liabilities
     Current  derivative financial instruments                          Level 2      12,069                                                       4,517
   Derivative financial  instruments    designated as
     Long-term   derivative financial instruments                       Level 2      82,365                                                      46,473
     hedging instruments
                                                                                     94,434                                                      50,990
    Current derivative financial instruments            Level 2                      12,069                                                       4,517
There have been no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for the years ended September82,365
    Long-term derivative  financial instruments         Level 2
                                                                                        30, 2017 and 2016.                                       46,473
                                                                                     94,434                                                      50,990

There have been no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016.




                                                                                                                                                    113
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                    55
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31. Financial instruments (continued)
FAIR
31. VALUE MEASUREMENTS
     Financial         (CONTINUED)
               instruments (continued)
The following table summarizes the fair value of outstanding derivative financial instruments:
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                          Recordedinstruments:
                                                                                    in derivative             As at                        As at
The following table summarizes the fair value of outstanding derivative financial
                                                                           financial instruments September 30, 2017          September 30, 2016
                                                                                                                         $                    $
                                                                                  Recorded in derivative              As at               As at
Hedges of net investments in foreign operations                                    financial instruments September 30, 2017 September 30, 2016
$831,400 cross-currency swaps in euro designated as a hedging instrument of            Current assets                2,907$                 —$
  the Company’s net investment in European operations ($831,400 as at               Long-term     assets            14,539             31,603
Hedges    of net
  September      investments in foreign operations
               30, 2016)
$831,400   cross-currency    swaps  in euro designated as a hedging instrument of      Current assets                2,907                  —
Cash   flow hedges netofinvestment
                          future revenue
  the Company’s                      in European operations ($831,400 as at         Long-term     assets            14,539             31,603
U.S.$65,691
  September 30,
              foreign
                   2016)
                       currency forward contracts between the U.S. dollar and          Current assets                    37             3,358
   the Indian rupee (U.S.$31,033 as at September 30, 2016)
Cash flow hedges of future revenue                                                  Long-term assets                    162                 —
U.S.$65,691 foreign currency forward contracts between the U.S. dollar and             Current    assets
                                                                                     Current liabilities                 37
                                                                                                                        330             3,358
   the Indian rupee (U.S.$31,033 as at September 30, 2016)
                                                                                    Long-term
                                                                                  Long-term       assets
                                                                                               liabilities              162
                                                                                                                        427                 —
                                                                                                                                            —
                                                                                          Current liabilities         330                   58
$146,881 foreign currency forward contracts between the Canadian dollar and                Current assets           4,644               11,935
  the Indian rupee ($116,700 as at September 30, 2016)                                 Long-term liabilities          427                   —
                                                                                         Long-term assets           7,429                7,429
$146,881 foreign currency forward contracts between the Canadian dollar and                Current
                                                                                          Current    assets
                                                                                                  liabilities       4,644
                                                                                                                      554               11,935
                                                                                                                                            —
  the Indian rupee ($116,700 as at September 30, 2016)
                                                                                         Long-term
                                                                                       Long-term    assets
                                                                                                 liabilities        7,429
                                                                                                                      969                7,429
                                                                                                                                            —
                                                                                         Current liabilities          554                   —
€21,483 foreign currency forward contracts between the euro and the Indian                 Current assets              —                   376
  rupee (€8,900 as at September 30, 2016)                                              Long-term liabilities          969                   —
                                                                                         Current liabilities          275                   —
€21,483 foreign currency forward contracts between the euro and the Indian                 Current
                                                                                       Long-term    assets
                                                                                                 liabilities           —
                                                                                                                      366                  376
                                                                                                                                            —
  rupee (€8,900 as at September 30, 2016)
                                                                                         Current liabilities          275                   —
£29,034 foreign currency forward contracts between the British pound and the               Current assets              24                5,094
  Indian rupee (£15,200 as at September 30, 2016)                                      Long-term liabilities          366                   —
                                                                                         Current liabilities          771                   —
£29,034 foreign currency forward contracts between the British pound and the               Current
                                                                                       Long-term    assets
                                                                                                 liabilities           24
                                                                                                                      895                5,094
                                                                                                                                            —
  Indian rupee (£15,200 as at September 30, 2016)
                                                                                          Current liabilities         771                    —
€75,374 foreign currency forward contracts between the euro and the British                Current assets              33                    —
  pound (€52,700 as at September 30, 2016)                                             Long-term liabilities          895                    —
                                                                                         Long-term assets              70                    —
€75,374 foreign currency forward contracts between the euro and the British                Current
                                                                                          Current    assets
                                                                                                  liabilities          33
                                                                                                                    1,477                   —
                                                                                                                                         3,626
  pound (€52,700 as at September 30, 2016)
                                                                                         Long-term
                                                                                       Long-term    assets
                                                                                                 liabilities           70
                                                                                                                    1,987                   —
                                                                                                                                           350
                                                                                          Current liabilities       1,477                3,626
€53,527 foreign currency forward contracts between the euro and the                      Long-term assets           2,669                   —
  Moroccan dirham (€8,300 as at September 30, 3016)                                    Long-term liabilities        1,987                  350
                                                                                          Current liabilities       1,681                  710
€53,527 foreign currency forward contracts between the euro and the                      Long-term
                                                                                       Long-term    assets
                                                                                                 liabilities        2,669
                                                                                                                    5,427                    —
                                                                                                                                             —
  Moroccan dirham (€8,300 as at September 30, 3016)
                                                                                          Current liabilities       1,681                  710
Other foreign currency forward contracts                                                   Current assets             507                1,463
                                                                                       Long-term liabilities        5,427                   —
                                                                                         Long-term assets              70                   —
Other foreign currency forward contracts                                                   Current
                                                                                          Current    assets
                                                                                                  liabilities         507
                                                                                                                      231                1,463
                                                                                                                                           123
                                                                                         Long-term
                                                                                       Long-term    assets
                                                                                                 liabilities           70
                                                                                                                      345                    —
                                                                                                                                             —
                                                                                          Current liabilities         231                  123
Cash flow hedges of Senior U.S. unsecured notes
                                                                                       Long-term                      345
                                                                                         Current liabilities                                 —
U.S.$600,000 cross-currency swaps to Canadian dollar (U.S.$600,000 as at                         liabilities        6,750                    —
  September 30, 2016)
Cash flow hedges of Senior U.S. unsecured notes                                        Long-term liabilities       69,540               46,123
U.S.$600,000 cross-currency swaps to Canadian dollar (U.S.$600,000 as at                  Current liabilities       6,750                    —
  September 30, 2016)
                                                                                       Long-term liabilities       69,540               46,123




114
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                            56
                                                                                                                          FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31. Financial instruments (continued)
FAIR
31. VALUE MEASUREMENTS
     Financial         (CONTINUED)
               instruments (continued)
                                                                                       Recorded in derivative              As at                 As at
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (CONTINUED)                                                     financial instruments September 30, 2017   September 30, 2016
                                                                                                                               $                    $
                                                                                       Recorded in derivative              As at                 As at
Fair value hedges of Senior U.S. unsecured notes                                        financial instruments September 30, 2017   September 30, 2016
U.S.$250,000 interest rate swaps fixed-to-floating (U.S.$250,000 as at                    Long-term assets                   —
                                                                                                                             $                10,727
                                                                                                                                                   $
  September 30, 2016)
Fair value hedges of Senior U.S. unsecured notes                                       Long-term liabilities              2,409                    —
U.S.$250,000 interest rate swaps fixed-to-floating (U.S.$250,000 as at                    Long-term assets                   —                10,727
  September 30, 2016)
                                                                                       Long-term liabilities              2,409                    —

Valuation techniques used to value financial instruments are as follows:
    -    The fair value of Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes, the unsecured committed revolving credit facility and the other
Valuationlong-term
          techniques  used
                    debt      to value financial
                          is estimated           instruments
                                         by discounting       are ascash
                                                          expected    follows:
                                                                           flows at rates currently offered to the Company for debts of
         the same remaining maturities and conditions;
    -    The fair value of Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes, the unsecured committed revolving credit facility and the other
    -    long-term
         The        debt is
              fair value  of estimated
                              long-term by   discounting
                                          bonds           expected
                                                 included in  fundscash    flows at
                                                                     held for       rates
                                                                               clients    currently
                                                                                       and in       offered to
                                                                                               long-term        the Company
                                                                                                           investments    is     for debts by
                                                                                                                             determined     of
         the same remaining
         discounting   the futurematurities  and conditions;
                                     cash flows   using observable inputs, such as interest rate yield curves or credit spreads, or
         according to similar transactions on an arm's-length basis;
    -    The fair value of long-term bonds included in funds held for clients and in long-term investments is determined by
    -    discounting
         The           theforeign
             fair value of   future cash   flows
                                    currency      usingcontracts
                                              forward    observable
                                                                 is inputs,
                                                                   determined such  asforward
                                                                                using   interest rate yieldrates
                                                                                               exchange      curves
                                                                                                                 at the  credit
                                                                                                                      orend      spreads,
                                                                                                                             of the        or
                                                                                                                                    reporting
         according to similar transactions on an arm's-length basis;
         period;
     -    The fair
               fairvalue
                    valueofofforeign currency forward
                               cross-currency  swaps contracts is determined
                                                      and interest rate swapsusing forward exchange
                                                                              is determined         rates
                                                                                             based on     at thedata
                                                                                                       market    end (primarily
                                                                                                                     of the reporting
                                                                                                                                yield
          period;
          curves, exchange rates and interest rates) to calculate the present value of all estimated cash flows;
     -             value of
          The fair value   of cash and
                               cross-currency
                                        cash swaps    andisinterest
                                              equivalents           rate using
                                                             determined  swaps is determined
                                                                               observable    based
                                                                                          quotes;   on market data (primarily yield
                                                                                                  and
          curves, exchange rates and interest rates) to calculate the present value of all estimated cash flows;
     -    The fair value of deferred compensation plan assets within long-term financial assets is based on observable price
     -    The fair value
          quotations      of cash
                      at the       and cash
                              reporting date. equivalents is determined using observable quotes; and
As at- September
          The fair 30,
                   value  of deferred
                        2017,          compensation
                              there were  no changes plan assets techniques.
                                                     in valuation  within long-term financial assets is based on observable price
          quotations at the reporting date.
The Company expects that approximately $7,286,000 of the accumulated net unrealized gain on derivative financial instruments
As at  September
designated         30,flow
             as cash    2017, there as
                           hedges   were
                                       at no changes30,
                                          September  in 2017
                                                        valuation  techniques.
                                                              will be reclassified in the consolidated statements of earnings in the
next 12 months.
The Company expects that approximately $7,286,000 of the accumulated net unrealized gain on derivative financial instruments
designated
During  the as
            yearcash
                 endedflow hedges
                         September  as30,
                                       at 2017,
                                          September
                                                the 30, 2017 will be
                                                   Company’s   hedgingreclassified in the
                                                                         relationships    consolidated
                                                                                        were effective. statements of earnings in the
next 12 months.
During
MARKET theRISK
          year ended September 30, 2017, the Company’s hedging relationships were effective.

Market risk incorporates a range of risks. Movements in risk factors, such as interest rate risk and currency risk, affect the fair
MARKET     RISK assets and liabilities.
values of financial
Market
Interestrisk incorporates a range of risks. Movements in risk factors, such as interest rate risk and currency risk, affect the fair
          rate risk
values of financial assets and liabilities.
The Company has interest rate swaps whereby the Company receives a fixed rate of interest and pays interest at a variable rate
Interest  rate risk
on the notional  amount of a portion of its Senior U.S. unsecured notes. These swaps are being used to hedge the exposure to
changes in the fair value of the debt.
The Company has interest rate swaps whereby the Company receives a fixed rate of interest and pays interest at a variable rate
on
Thethe notionalis also
     Company     amount of a portion
                       exposed   to of    its rate
                                   interest   Senior
                                                   riskU.S. unsecured
                                                        on its        notes.
                                                               unsecured     These swaps
                                                                         committed         arecredit
                                                                                   revolving   beingfacility.
                                                                                                      used to hedge the exposure to
changes in the fair value of the debt.
The Company is also exposed to interest rate risk on its unsecured committed revolving credit facility.




                                                                                                                                                  115
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                  57
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31. Financial instruments (continued)
MARKET RISK (CONTINUED)
31. Financial  instruments (continued)
Interest rate risk (continued)
MARKET RISK (CONTINUED)
The Company analyzes its interest rate risk exposure on an ongoing basis using various scenarios to simulate refinancing or the
Interest
renewal ofrate   risk (continued)
              existing   positions. Based on these scenarios, a change in the interest rate of 1% would not have had a significant
impact on net earnings and comprehensive income.
The Company analyzes its interest rate risk exposure on an ongoing basis using various scenarios to simulate refinancing or the
renewal
Currency  ofrisk
              existing positions. Based on these scenarios, a change in the interest rate of 1% would not have had a significant
impact on net earnings and comprehensive income.
The Company operates internationally and is exposed to risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company
Currencythis
mitigates    riskrisk principally through foreign currency denominated debt and derivative financial instruments, which includes
foreign currency forward contracts and cross-currency swaps.
The Company operates internationally and is exposed to risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company
mitigates
The Company this risk   principally
                   hedges            through
                              a portion   of theforeign   currency
                                                  translation   of thedenominated
                                                                        Company’s debt     and derivative
                                                                                     net investments          financial
                                                                                                         in its  U.S. andinstruments,    which includes
                                                                                                                            European operations         into
foreign  currency     forward   contracts   and   cross-currency     swaps.
Canadian dollar, with Senior U.S. and euro unsecured notes. The Company also hedges a portion of the translation of the
Company’s net investments in its European operations with cross-currency swaps.
The Company hedges a portion of the translation of the Company’s net investments in its U.S. and European operations into
Canadian
During       dollar,ended
        the year       with Senior
                             SeptemberU.S.30,and   eurothe
                                                 2016,    unsecured
                                                             Companynotes.
                                                                        enteredThe
                                                                                 intoCompany
                                                                                      Canadianalso     hedges
                                                                                                  dollar to  euroa portion            translation
                                                                                                                               of the swap
                                                                                                                   cross-currency                    of the
                                                                                                                                             agreements
Company’s
for a  notionalnetamount
                    investments
                              of in its    European
                                 $831,400,000            operations
                                                     designated     aswith cross-currency
                                                                       hedging   instrumentsswaps.
                                                                                                of the Company’s net investment in European
operations.
During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company entered into Canadian dollar to euro cross-currency swap agreements
for a the
During notional
             yearamount
                    ended of     $831,400,000
                             September               designated
                                            30, 2016, the    Companyas hedging
                                                                         settled instruments
                                                                                cross-currency  of the   Company’s
                                                                                                   swaps with           net amount
                                                                                                                 a notional   investmentof in   European
                                                                                                                                          $109,730,000
operations.
for a net amount of $24,057,000. The loss on settlements was recognized in other comprehensive income and will be transferred
to earnings when the net investment is disposed of.
During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company settled cross-currency swaps with a notional amount of $109,730,000
for a nethe
During    amount     of $24,057,000.
              year ended      September   The30,
                                               loss   on settlements
                                                   2016,   the Company washasrecognized
                                                                                entered in  other
                                                                                          into     comprehensive
                                                                                                cross-currency     swapincome              fortransferred
                                                                                                                                 and will be
                                                                                                                           agreements,         a notional
to earnings
amount   of when the       net investment
             U.S.$600,000,000,        related is  disposed
                                                to its Seniorof.
                                                               U.S. unsecured notes. The cross-currency swaps are designated as cash flow
hedges to offset the variability in the exchange rate between the U.S. and Canadian dollar.
During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company has entered into cross-currency swap agreements, for a notional
amount   of U.S.$600,000,000,
The Company        enters into foreignrelated   to its Senior
                                           currency    forwardU.S.   unsecured
                                                                 contracts       notes.
                                                                            to hedge  theThe  cross-currency
                                                                                           variability in variousswaps    arecurrency
                                                                                                                    foreign    designated   as cashrates
                                                                                                                                         exchange      flow
hedges   to  offset  the  variability  in the  exchange     rate  between   the U.S.  and  Canadian     dollar.
on future revenues. Hedging relationships are designated and documented at inception and quarterly effectiveness assessments
are performed during the year.
The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the variability in various foreign currency exchange rates
Thefuture
on         revenues.
     Company             Hedging
                  is mainly         relationships
                              exposed to              are in the
                                            fluctuations  designated    and krona,
                                                                   Swedish   documented    at dollar,
                                                                                    the U.S.  inception
                                                                                                      theand    quarterly
                                                                                                          euro and         effectiveness
                                                                                                                      the British          assessments
                                                                                                                                   pound. The    following
are  performed
table details   theduring   the year.
                      Company’s     sensitivity to a 10% strengthening of the Swedish krona, the U.S. dollar, the euro and the British
pound foreign currency rates on net earnings and comprehensive income against the Canadian dollar. The sensitivity analysis
The Company is mainly exposed to fluctuations in the Swedish krona, the U.S. dollar, the euro and the British pound. The following
on net earnings presents the impact of foreign currency denominated financial instruments and adjusts their translation at period
table details the Company’s sensitivity to a 10% strengthening of the Swedish krona, the U.S. dollar, the euro and the British
end for a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis on other comprehensive income presents the
pound foreign currency rates on net earnings and comprehensive income against the Canadian dollar. The sensitivity analysis
impact of a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates on the fair value of foreign currency forward contracts designated as
on net earnings presents the impact of foreign currency denominated financial instruments and adjusts their translation at period
cash flow hedges and on net investment hedges.
end for a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis on other comprehensive income presents the
impact of a 10% strengthening in foreign currency rates on the fair value of foreign currency forward contracts designated as
                                                                                        2017                                                          2016
cash flow hedges and on net investment hedges.
                                                                                      British                                                        British
                                      Swedish         U.S. dollar        euro          pound         Swedish        U.S. dollar         euro         pound
                                  krona impact           impact        impact         impact
                                                                                        2017     krona impact          impact         impact        impact
                                                                                                                                                      2016
                                             $                  $           $               $
                                                                                      British              $                  $            $               $
                                                                                                                                                     British
 (Decrease) increase in net           Swedish         U.S. dollar        euro          pound         Swedish        U.S. dollar         euro         pound
                                  krona impact           impact        impact         impact     krona impact          impact         impact        impact
  earnings                                 (860)         (1,174)        2,383           (539)            (913)          (1,581)       2,964           (450)
                                              $                $             $              $               $                $             $              $
 Decrease in other
  comprehensive
 (Decrease)      income
            increase in net              (1,839)        (74,974)      (93,866)        (4,788)            (847)        (85,380)      (92,264)       (2,581)
  earnings                                 (860)         (1,174)        2,383           (539)            (913)         (1,581)        2,964          (450)
 Decrease in other
  comprehensive income                   (1,839)        (74,974)      (93,866)        (4,788)            (847)        (85,380)      (92,264)       (2,581)




116
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                                       58
                                                                                                                        FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31. Financial instruments (continued)
LIQUIDITY RISK
31. Financial  instruments (continued)
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company is not able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due or can do so only at excessive
cost.  The RISK
LIQUIDITY    Company’s activities are financed through a combination of the cash flows from operations, borrowing under existing
credit facility, the issuance of debt and the issuance of equity. One of management’s primary goals is to maintain an optimal level
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company is not able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due or can do so only at excessive
of liquidity through the active management of the assets and liabilities as well as the cash flows.
cost. The Company’s activities are financed through a combination of the cash flows from operations, borrowing under existing
        facility, the
creditfollowing
The                   issuance
                   tables        of debthe
                           summarize     and the issuance
                                           carrying  amount of and
                                                               equity.
                                                                   theOne of     management’s
                                                                        contractual             primary
                                                                                      maturities of       goals is
                                                                                                    both the       to and
                                                                                                             interestmaintain   an optimal
                                                                                                                           principal       level
                                                                                                                                      portion of
of liquidity
financial     throughAll
           liabilities. the  active management
                           amounts   contractually of the assets in
                                                   denominated    and  liabilities
                                                                    foreign        as well
                                                                              currency areas the  cashinflows.
                                                                                           presented      Canadian dollar equivalent amounts
using the period-end spot rate.
The following tables summarize the carrying amount and the contractual maturities of both the interest and principal portion of
financial liabilities. All amounts contractually denominated in foreign currency are presented in Canadian dollar equivalent amounts
                                                                                                     Between one        Between
using the period-end spot rate.                                                                              and     two and five
                                                           Carrying       Contractual Less than one                                      Beyond
 As at September 30, 2017                                   amount         cash flows          year        two years         years    five years
                                                                  $                 $             $     Between one$      Between$             $
                                                            Carrying      Contractual Less than one             and    two and five      Beyond
 Non-derivative financial liabilities
 As at September 30, 2017                                    amount        cash flows          year        two years         years    five years
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                1,004,307$      1,004,307$      1,004,307
                                                                                                  $             —$            —$             —$
  Accrued compensation
 Non-derivative financial liabilities                       578,886         578,886          578,886            —             —            —
  Senior U.S.
  Accounts     and euro
            payable  andunsecured      notes
                           accrued liabilities            1,542,428
                                                          1,004,307       1,823,352
                                                                          1,004,307          124,201
                                                                                           1,004,307       343,207
                                                                                                                —        818,095
                                                                                                                              —       537,849
                                                                                                                                           —
  Unsecured   committed
  Accrued compensation    revolving   credit facility       200,000
                                                            578,886         226,810
                                                                            578,886            6,400
                                                                                             578,886         6,400
                                                                                                                —        214,010
                                                                                                                              —            —
                                                                                                                                           —
  Obligations
  Senior U.S. other    thanunsecured
                 and euro     finance leases
                                         notes               61,703
                                                          1,542,428          63,454
                                                                          1,823,352           33,850
                                                                                             124,201        18,623
                                                                                                           343,207        10,981
                                                                                                                         818,095           —
                                                                                                                                      537,849
  Obligations   under   finance
  Unsecured committed revolving   leasescredit facility      29,794
                                                            200,000          31,109
                                                                            226,810           14,086
                                                                                               6,400         8,341
                                                                                                             6,400         8,682
                                                                                                                         214,010           —
                                                                                                                                           —
  Other long-term
  Obligations   otherdebt
                       than finance leases                   28,078
                                                             61,703          28,787
                                                                             63,454           13,986
                                                                                              33,850         2,988
                                                                                                            18,623         9,130
                                                                                                                          10,981        2,683
                                                                                                                                           —
  Clients’  funds  obligations                              314,233         314,233          314,233            —             —            —
  Obligations under     finance leases                       29,794          31,109           14,086         8,341         8,682           —
 Derivative  financialdebt
                       liabilities
  Other long-term                                           28,078           28,787           13,986          2,988         9,130        2,683
  Cash   flow  hedges   of future revenue                       90
  Clients’  funds  obligations                             314,233          314,233          314,233             —             —            —
      Outflow                                                                17,036            5,486          6,530         5,020           —
 Derivative financial liabilities
      (Inflow)hedges of future revenue                                       (16,989)         (5,417)        (5,083)       (6,489)          —
  Cash                                                           90
  Cross-currency    swaps                                    58,844          17,036
      Outflow                                                                                  5,486         6,530         5,020            —
      Outflow                                                               849,762           83,877       317,085       291,798       157,002
      (Inflow)                                                              (16,989)          (5,417)       (5,083)       (6,489)           —
      (Inflow)                                                             (846,228)         (91,446)     (310,451)     (291,936)     (152,395)
  Cross-currency    swaps                                    58,844
  Interest  rate swaps                                        2,409         849,762
      Outflow                                                                                 83,877       317,085       291,798       157,002
      Outflow                                                                63,248           14,055        14,055        35,138            —
      (Inflow)                                                             (846,228)         (91,446)     (310,451)     (291,936)     (152,395)
     (Inflow)                                                               (70,222)         (15,605)      (15,605)      (39,012)           —
  Interest rate swaps                                         2,409
       Outflow                                            3,820,772       4,067,545
                                                                             63,248        2,080,899
                                                                                              14,055       386,090
                                                                                                            14,055     1,055,417
                                                                                                                          35,138      545,139
                                                                                                                                           —
      (Inflow)                                                              (70,222)         (15,605)      (15,605)      (39,012)          —
                                                          3,820,772       4,067,545        2,080,899       386,090     1,055,417      545,139




                                                                                                                                           117
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                            59
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31.      Financial instruments (continued)
LIQUIDITY RISK (CONTINUED)
31. Financial     instruments (continued)
                                                                                                         Between one       Between
LIQUIDITY RISK (CONTINUED)                                  Carrying      Contractual Less than one              and    two and five      Beyond
 As at September 30, 2016                                    amount        cash flows          year         two years         years    five years
                                                                   $                $             $      Between one$      Between$             $
                                                           Carrying       Contractual Less than one              and    two and five      Beyond
 Non-derivative    financial liabilities
 As at September 30, 2016                                                                                   two years         years
                                                            amount         cash flows          year                                    five years
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities               1,107,863$       1,107,863 $     1,107,863
                                                                                                  $              —$             —$             —$
  Accrued compensation                                     523,553          523,553          523,553             —              —           —
 Non-derivative    financial liabilities
  Senior   U.S.  and euroandunsecured     notes          1,733,036        2,083,673          178,105        130,140        786,108     989,320
  Accounts     payable        accrued liabilities        1,107,863        1,107,863        1,107,863             —              —           —
  Obligations    other  than  finance   leases             111,205          115,362           48,860         35,668         30,834          —
  Accrued compensation                                     523,553          523,553          523,553             —              —           —
  Obligations
  Senior U.S. under      finance  leases notes              42,172           44,205           19,716         11,789         11,932         768
                 and euro    unsecured                   1,733,036        2,083,673          178,105        130,140        786,108     989,320
  Other   long-term   debt                                  24,562           24,687           15,404          1,187          3,797       4,299
  Obligations other than finance leases                    111,205          115,362           48,860         35,668         30,834          —
  Clients’  funds   obligations                            365,994          365,994          365,994             —              —           —
  Obligations    under   finance leases                     42,172           44,205           19,716         11,789         11,932         768
 Derivative  financial  (assets) liabilities
  Other long-term debt                                      24,562           24,687           15,404           1,187          3,797       4,299
  Cash   flow  hedges    of future revenue                 (24,788)
  Clients’  funds   obligations                            365,994          365,994          365,994              —              —           —
      Outflow                                                                 4,813            4,454             359             —           —
 Derivative financial (assets) liabilities
      (Inflow)                                                              (31,221)         (22,510)         (3,945)        (4,766)         —
  Cash   flow hedges of future revenue                      (24,788)
  Cross-currency      swaps                                  14,520
      Outflow                                                                 4,813             4,454            359            —            —
      Outflow                                                               865,655            17,906         83,678       536,888      227,183
      (Inflow)                                                              (31,221)          (22,510)        (3,945)       (4,766)          —
      (Inflow)                                                             (917,944)          (30,315)       (95,920)     (558,094)    (233,615)
  Cross-currency      swaps                                  14,520
  Interest  rate swaps                                      (10,727)
      Outflow                                                               865,655           17,906         83,678        536,888      227,183
      Outflow                                                                68,273           12,413         12,413         37,240        6,207
      (Inflow)                                                             (917,944)         (30,315)       (95,920)      (558,094)    (233,615)
      (Inflow)                                                              (90,025)         (16,368)       (16,368)       (49,105)      (8,184)
  Interest  rate swaps                                     (10,727)
                                                         3,887,390        4,164,888        2,225,075        159,001        794,834      985,978
      Outflow                                                                68,273           12,413         12,413         37,240        6,207
      (Inflow)                                                               (90,025)         (16,368)       (16,368)      (49,105)      (8,184)
As at September 30, 2017, the Company held cash and cash equivalents and long-term investments of $188,919,000
                                                3,887,390    4,164,888   2,225,075          159,001   794,834     985,978
($623,775,000 as at September 30, 2016). The Company also had available $1,290,369,000 in unsecured committed revolving
credit facility ($1,466,086,000 as at September 30, 2016). As at September 30, 2017, trade accounts receivable amounted to
As at September 30, 2017, the Company held cash and cash equivalents and long-term investments of $188,919,000
$931,530,000 ($816,885,000 as at September 30, 2016). Given the Company’s available liquid resources as compared to the
($623,775,000 as at September 30, 2016). The Company also had available $1,290,369,000 in unsecured committed revolving
timing of the payments of liabilities, management assesses the Company’s liquidity risk to be low.
credit facility ($1,466,086,000 as at September 30, 2016). As at September 30, 2017, trade accounts receivable amounted to
$931,530,000 ($816,885,000 as at September 30, 2016). Given the Company’s available liquid resources as compared to the
timing of the payments of liabilities, management assesses the Company’s liquidity risk to be low.




118
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                             60
                                                                                                                         FISCAL 2017 RESULTS

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


31. Financial instruments (continued)
CREDIT RISK
31. Financial instruments (continued)
The Company takes on exposure to credit risk, which is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to pay amounts in full when
due.
CREDITFinancial
           RISK instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash
equivalents, accounts receivable and long-term investments. The maximum exposure of credit risk is generally represented by
The Company takes on exposure to credit risk, which is the risk that a counterparty will be unable to pay amounts in full when
the carrying amount of these items reported on the consolidated balance sheets.
due. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash
equivalents,
The  Company isaccounts   receivable
                     exposed to        and
                                  credit     long-term
                                          risk in         investments.
                                                   connection    with     The
                                                                       long-termmaximum     exposure
                                                                                   investments         of the
                                                                                                  through credit risk is generally
                                                                                                                 possible  inability of borrowers by
                                                                                                                                     represented  to
the carrying
meet the       amount
           terms        of these
                   of their       items The
                            obligations. reported    on the mitigates
                                                 Company      consolidated    balance
                                                                         this risk  by sheets.
                                                                                        investing primarily in high credit quality corporate and
government bonds with a credit rating of A or higher.
The Company is exposed to credit risk in connection with long-term investments through the possible inability of borrowers to
meet  the termshas
The Company        of their obligations.
                       accounts            The Company
                                   receivable    derived from mitigates
                                                                  clientsthis  risk byininvesting
                                                                           engaged                 primarily inincluding
                                                                                          various industries     high credit quality corporate
                                                                                                                          governmental          and
                                                                                                                                           agencies,
government     bonds   with a credit rating   of A or higher.
finance, telecommunications, manufacturing and utilities that are not concentrated in any specific geographic area. These specific
industries may be affected by economic factors that may impact trade accounts receivable. However, management does not
The Company has accounts receivable derived from clients engaged in various industries including governmental agencies,
believe that the Company is subject to any significant credit risk in view of the Company’s large and diversified client base. Overall,
finance, telecommunications, manufacturing and utilities that are not concentrated in any specific geographic area. These specific
management does not believe that any single industry or geographic region represents a significant credit risk to the Company.
industries may be affected by economic factors that may impact trade accounts receivable. However, management does not
believe
The      that thetable
     following     Company
                       sets is  subject
                            forth detailstoofany  significant
                                               the age         credit risk
                                                         of trade  accountsin view of the that
                                                                               receivable  Company’s   large
                                                                                                 are past  due:and diversified client base. Overall,
management does not believe that any single industry or geographic region represents a significant credit risk to the Company.
                                                                                                                     2017                     2016
The following table sets forth details of the age of trade accounts receivable that are past due:
                                                                                                                         $                        $
 Not past due                                                                                                    806,041                  684,454
                                                                                                                    2017                     2016
 Past due 1-30 days                                                                                               79,016$                  76,339$
 Past due due
          31-60 days                                                                                              25,262                   19,415
 Not past                                                                                                        806,041                  684,454
 Past due 61-90 days                                                                                               8,999                   10,749
 Past due 1-30 days                                                                                               79,016                   76,339
 Past                                                                                                             16,969
 Past due 31-60 days90 days
      due more than                                                                                                                        31,241
                                                                                                                  25,262                   19,415
                                                                                                                 936,287                  822,198
 Past due 61-90 days                                                                                               8,999                   10,749
 Allowance for doubtful                                                                                           (4,757)
                than 90accounts                                                                                                            (5,313)
 Past due more          days                                                                                      16,969                   31,241
                                                                                                                 931,530                  816,885
                                                                                                                 936,287                  822,198
 Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                                   (4,757)                  (5,313)
The carrying amount of trade accounts receivable is reduced by an allowance account and the amount of the loss is recognized
                                                                                                       931,530              816,885
in the consolidated statements of earnings within costs of services, selling and administrative. When a receivable balance is
considered uncollectible, it is written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously
The carrying amount of trade accounts receivable is reduced by an allowance account and the amount of the loss is recognized
written off are credited against costs of services, selling and administrative in the consolidated statements of earnings.
in the consolidated statements of earnings within costs of services, selling and administrative. When a receivable balance is
considered uncollectible, it is written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously
written off are credited against costs of services, selling and administrative in the consolidated statements of earnings.




                                                                                                                                               119
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016                                               61
Consolidated financial statements

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
For the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)


32. Capital risk management
The
32. Company
          Capital    is exposed      to risks of varying degrees of significance which could affect its ability to achieve its strategic objectives
                         risk management
for growth. The main objectives of the Company’s risk management process are to ensure that risks are properly identified and

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
that the capital base is adequate in relation to these risks.
The Company is exposed to risks of varying degrees of significance which could affect its ability to achieve its strategic objectives
Thegrowth.
for   Company        manages its
                       main
                 Thended                capital
                               objectives      of totheensure   that there
                                                          Company’s      riskare  adequate capital
                                                                               management             resources
                                                                                                process are    to while
                                                                                                                   ensure thatmaximizing    the return
                                                                                                                                    risks are    properly     shareholders
                                                                                                                                                          to identified   and
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the years
through
that   the   the  optimization
             capital  base
                              September
                              is    of
                                 adequate
                                                30,
                                         the debtin
                                                       2017
                                                      and
                                                      relation
                                                               and 2016
                                                            equity
                                                                 to  balance.
                                                                    these        As at September 30, 2017, total managed capital1 was $8,253,548,000
                                                                            risks.
(tabular amounts only are in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share data)
($8,999,358,000
For                     as atSeptember
                                September30,      30, 2016).      Managed capital consists of long-term debt, including the current portion (Note 13),
The the     years ended
      Company        manages its        capital to 2017ensureandthat2016
                                                                      there are adequate capital resources while maximizing the return to shareholders
cash    and     cash   equivalents,        long-term       investments      (Note   10) and shareholders’   data)equity.     The basis for the Company’s capital
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(tabular
through the  amounts     only areofinthe debt
                  optimization             thousands  andof    Canadian
                                                            equity          dollars,
                                                                     balance.    As atexcept   per share
                                                                                        September     30, 2017,    total managed capital1 was $8,253,548,000
structure is dependent on the Company’s expected business growth and changes in the business environment. When capital
($8,999,358,000 as at September 30, 2016). Managed capital consists of long-term debt, including the current portion (Note 13),
needs
For   the have
            years been
                    ended specified,
                              September   the 30,
                                               Company’s
                                                       2017      management proposes capital transactions for the approval of the Company’s Audit
                                                               and 2016
cash    and     cash   equivalents,        long-term       investments      (Note 10) and shareholders’ equity. The basis for the Company’s capital
and
32.    Risk
(tabular      Management
          Capital
             amounts             Committee
                         risk on the
                         only     management
                                are    in  thousands and   Board    of Directors.   The   capital isk   policy  remains unchanged from prior periods.
structure is      dependent                  Company’s Canadian
                                                            of              dollars,
                                                               expected business      except
                                                                                         growthper
                                                                                                 andshare   data)
                                                                                                       changes      in the business environment. When capital
needs have
The    Company    been    specified,
                      monitors     its the     Company’s
                                         capital by     reviewingmanagement        proposes
                                                                      various financial       capitalincluding
                                                                                           metrics,     transactions
                                                                                                                  the for      the approval of the Company’s Audit
                                                                                                                        following:
32.
The Risk
and       Capital
       Company       is
              Management risk management
                        exposed      to
                                 Committeerisks ofand varying   degrees of
                                                           Board of            significance
                                                                       Directors.             which
                                                                                    The capital   riskcould  affect
                                                                                                        policy        its ability to
                                                                                                                remains               achieve
                                                                                                                              unchanged      from     strategic
                                                                                                                                                 itsprior        objectives
                                                                                                                                                           periods.
 - growth.
for  Net Debt1   The   main objectives
                   /Capitalization       1
                                               of the Company’s risk management process are to ensure that risks are properly identified and
The
The theCompany is
       Company        monitors
                        exposed    its capital   ofbyvarying
                                                        reviewing     varioussignificance
                                                                                financial metrics,
                                                                                              which including     theitsfollowing:
that         capital base     is to
                                 adequate risks in              degrees
                                                      relation to   these ofrisks.                    could affect         ability to achieve its strategic objectives
32.
-for      Capital
     growth.
     Debt/EBITDA The    1risk management
                       main    objectives      of   the   Company’s      risk  management       process    are to  ensure      that risks are properly identified and
 - Net
The   Company        manages its 1
            Debt1/Capitalization        capital to ensure that there are adequate capital resources while maximizing the return to shareholders
that the capital base is adequate in relation to these risks.
through
Net
The debt,    the
       Company    optimization
               capitalization
                     is exposed  andoftothe  debt
                                          EBITDA
                                          risks       and equity
                                                       are
                                                 of varying          balance.
                                                            additional
                                                                degrees  measures.      September
                                                                                 As at Net
                                                                            of significance debt      30,
                                                                                                  represents
                                                                                              which could  2017,   total
                                                                                                                 debt
                                                                                                             affect         managed
                                                                                                                      its(including
                                                                                                                           ability      capital
                                                                                                                                      the  current
                                                                                                                                   to achieve    itswas
                                                                                                                                                  1
                                                                                                                                                          $8,253,548,000
                                                                                                                                                      portion and
                                                                                                                                                      strategic      the fair
                                                                                                                                                                 objectives
-The  Company
     Debt/EBITDA
($8,999,358,000
value    of          manages
             derivative
                        1
                        as   at    its  capital
                                September
                          financial               to
                                                  30,
                                        instruments)   ensure
                                                         2016).
                                                           less that
                                                                 cash there
                                                                  Managed
                                                                        and  are  adequate
                                                                               capital
                                                                             cash            capital
                                                                                       consists
                                                                                    equivalents   of
                                                                                                  and resources
                                                                                                      ong-term
                                                                                                       long-term
for growth. The main objectives of the Company’s risk management process are to ensure that risks are properly
                                                                                                                     while
                                                                                                                   debt,      maximizing
                                                                                                                            including
                                                                                                                     investments.      the  the   return is
                                                                                                                                             current
                                                                                                                                       Capitalization     to  shareholders
                                                                                                                                                                 (Note
                                                                                                                                                             identified 13),
                                                                                                                                                        portion
                                                                                                                                                             shareholders’and
through
cash
equity  and
          plus    optimization
             thecash
                 debt. equivalents,
                        EBITDA      ofisthe  debt
                                           long-term
                                          calculated  and   equity   balance.
                                                           investments
                                                          as  earnings      (Note
                                                                          from   As at
                                                                                    10) September
                                                                                          and
                                                                                 continuing           30, 2017,
                                                                                               shareholders’
                                                                                             operations            total
                                                                                                                 equity.
                                                                                                            before          managed
                                                                                                                      financeThe   basis
                                                                                                                                 costs, capital
                                                                                                                                           for
                                                                                                                                         income
                                                                                                                                                  1
                                                                                                                                                the was   $8,253,548,000
                                                                                                                                                      Company’s
                                                                                                                                                     taxes,           capital
                                                                                                                                                              depreciation,
that the
Net   debt,capital    base is and
               capitalization    adequate EBITDA in are
                                                      relation to   these risks.
                                                            additional   measures. Net ebt represents debt (including the current portion and the fair
($8,999,358,000
structure
amortization,           as
               is dependent  at on
                                September
                    restructuring       the       30,
                                             Company’s
                                         costs and       2016).   Managed
                                                               expected
                                                         acquisition-related   capital
                                                                            business   consists
                                                                                   and growth     of
                                                                                        integration  long-term
                                                                                                       changes
                                                                                                 andcosts.    Theindebt,the   businessthe
                                                                                                                            including
                                                                                                                      Company                current
                                                                                                                                            nvironment.
                                                                                                                                     believes           portion
                                                                                                                                                 that the        (Note
                                                                                                                                                              When
                                                                                                                                                             results      13),
                                                                                                                                                                      capital
                                                                                                                                                                       of  the
value
The      of derivative
      Company             financial
                     manages            instruments)       less cashthere
                                                                        and cash    equivalents   andresources
                                                                                                       long-term while
                                                                                                                     investments.      Capitalization     is shareholders’
cash
needs
current and
          have  cash
                  been
            internal            areits capital
                       equivalents,
                          specified,
                       ratios             the  Company’s
                                       consistent      with itsthat
                                                  to ensure
                                           long-term       investments
                                                                 management
                                                                  capital    are  adequate
                                                                            (Noteproposes
                                                                                    10)
                                                                           management's   andcapital
                                                                                               shareholders’
                                                                                              capital   transactions
                                                                                              objectives.        equity.      maximizing
                                                                                                                               the basis
                                                                                                                          forThe   approval theof
                                                                                                                                           for    return
                                                                                                                                                the       to  shareholders
                                                                                                                                                      Company’s
                                                                                                                                                    the Company’s     capital
                                                                                                                                                                        Audit
equity
through   plus debt.    EBITDAofisthe     calculated      asequity
                                                              earnings    from continuing    operations     beforetotal
                                                                                                                      finance costs,capital
                                                                                                                                         income   1 taxes, depreciation,
structure
and    Riskthe    optimization
               is dependent
              Management         on the debt
                                 Committee   Company’sand
                                                     and            ofbalance.
                                                               expected
                                                           Board            business
                                                                       Directors.       September
                                                                                     at growth
                                                                                 AsThe            risk30,
                                                                                          capitaland       2017,
                                                                                                       changes
                                                                                                        policy      in themanaged
                                                                                                                remains                      from was
                                                                                                                              business environment.
                                                                                                                              unchanged                   $8,253,548,000
                                                                                                                                                              When
                                                                                                                                                     prior periods.   capital
amortization,
The    Company
($8,999,358,000     restructuring
                     is subject     to   costs
                                         externaland     acquisition-related
                                                      covenants     on  its Senior and  integration
                                                                                     U.S.  and  euro  costs.  The
                                                                                                       unsecured      Company
                                                                                                                      notes     and  believes
                                                                                                                                     unsecured   that   the  results
                                                                                                                                                     committed         of
                                                                                                                                                                  revolvingthe
needs     have beenas at        September
                          specified,      the 30,
                                               Company’s 2016). Managed
                                                                 management    capital consists
                                                                                   proposes       of long-term
                                                                                              capital              debt,for the
                                                                                                        transactions        including  the of
                                                                                                                                   approval  currentthe portion  (Note
                                                                                                                                                         Company’s        13),
                                                                                                                                                                        Audit
current
The
credit      internal
       Company
cashRisk facility.
        and cash    Theratios
                      monitors
                          ratiosareits
                                   are
                         quivalents,   consistent
                                         capital
                                          as       by
                                              follows:
                                           long-term   with  its
                                                        reviewing capital
                                                           investments     management's
                                                                      various   financial
                                                                            (Note 10)         objectives.
                                                                                           metrics,  including    the   following:
and           Management         Committee           and Board      of Directors.   The and    shareholders’
                                                                                          capital risk           equity. The
                                                                                                        policy remains             basis for
                                                                                                                              unchanged         theprior
                                                                                                                                             from     Company’s
                                                                                                                                                           periods. capital
structure
The          is
       Company   dependent
                      is  subject   onto the   Company’s
                                          external   covenants  expected       business
                                                                     on its Senior     U.S. growth
                                                                                              and euroand changes
                                                                                                           unsecuredin the         business
                                                                                                                             notes and            environment. When capital
                                                                                                                                          2unsecured committed revolving
-TheA
needsNet
       Company
        leverage    /Capitalization
           Debt1 ratiomonitors1
                                     its 1is
                                , which   capital
                                              the  by   reviewing
                                                  ratio of    total   various
                                                                     debt         financial
                                                                             to EBITDA        metrics,
                                                                                            for the       including
                                                                                                      four most    recent     following:
                                                                                                                        the quarters        .
credit   facility.been
          have              specified,
                     The ratios      are as the Company’s
                                               follows:           management         proposes      capital   transactions      for the approval       of the Company’s Audit
and Risk     Management             Committee and1 Board of Directors. The capital risk1policy remains unchanged from prior periods.
 - AnDebt/EBITDA
     Net Debt     1       1
                    /Capitalization
          interest and                    1
                              rent coverage ratio , which is the ratio of the EBITDAR for the four most recent quarters to the total finance
 - ACompany
Thecosts
        leverage ratio1, which is the ratio of total debt to EBITDA for the four most recent quarters2.
             and the  monitors
                           operating its capital
                                           rentalsby    reviewing
                                                    in the    same various
                                                                      periods.financial
                                                                                   EBITDAR is metrics,    including
                                                                                                     calculated    as the     following:
                                                                                                                         EBITDA       before rent expense2.
-Net debt,   capitalization
     Debt/EBITDA          1         and EBITDA are additional measures. Net debt represents debt (including the current portion and the fair
-value
-NetAn
     In of
     Net
          interest
            derivative
           Debt
         the  case1    and rent
                        of financial
                    /Capitalization
                                     coverage
                            the Senior    1
                                              U.S. and euro
                                                            which
                                                   ratio1,less
                                         instruments)                is the
                                                                  cash  andratio
                                                                   unsecured   cash  of the   EBITDAR
                                                                                      equivalents
                                                                                  notes,    a minimum
                                                                                                              for
                                                                                                                  worth investments.
                                                                                                            long-term
                                                                                                       and 1net   the four most recent quartersCapitalization
                                                                                                                            is required, whereby
                                                                                                                                                                 the total
                                                                                                                                                             to is           finance
                                                                                                                                                                     shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                          shareholders’        equity,
equitydebt,
     costs   capitalization
             and
          plus  debt.the   operating
                          EBITDA    andis EBITDA
                                           rentals  inare
                                           calculated   the
                                                          asadditional
                                                              same
                                                              earnings     measures.
                                                                      periods.
                                                                            from   EBITDARNet is
                                                                                   continuing   debt   represents
                                                                                                     calculated
                                                                                                  operations       as debt
                                                                                                                 before       (including
                                                                                                                         EBITDA
                                                                                                                            finance   before
                                                                                                                                       costs, the  current
                                                                                                                                                rent  expense
                                                                                                                                                 income      portion
                                                                                                                                                            axes,
                                                                                                                                                                  2
                                                                                                                                                                    . and    the fair
                                                                                                                                                                      depreciation,
     excluding foreign exchange translation adjustments included in accumulated other comprehensive income, cannot be less
value
 - than of  derivative
amortization,
     Debt/EBITDA     restructuring
                          1                       and less cash
                                         instruments)
                            financial costs                             and cashand
                                                         acquisition-related          equivalents
                                                                                           integration andcosts.
                                                                                                            long-term      investments.
                                                                                                                    The Company                Capitalization
                                                                                                                                           believes     that the     shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                                 is results    of the
            a  specified        threshold.
-equity
     In the
current   pluscase
                debt.of
           internal         the
                          EBITDA
                        ratios     Senior
                                  are  is     U.S.
                                           calculated
                                        consistent  and   euro
                                                          as
                                                       with   its  unsecured
                                                              earnings
                                                                   capital  from  notes,
                                                                             management's   a minimum
                                                                                   continuing     operations
                                                                                                  objectives.     worth is
                                                                                                             net before        required,
                                                                                                                            finance    costs, whereby     shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                 income taxes,                 equity,
                                                                                                                                                                      depreciation,
Net
These debt,
amortization,capitalization
     excluding
          ratios     foreign
                     restructuring
                   are    calculatedand
                                  exchangeEBITDA
                                          costs
                                           on     and are
                                               atranslation additional
                                                         acquisition-related
                                                 consolidated    adjustments
                                                                     basis.measures. and Net
                                                                                   included     debt
                                                                                                in     represents
                                                                                                    accumulated
                                                                                           integration     costs. The debt
                                                                                                                      other   (including
                                                                                                                               comprehensive
                                                                                                                            Company                     thatportion
                                                                                                                                              the current
                                                                                                                                           believes   income,  thecannot     the
                                                                                                                                                                        and be
                                                                                                                                                                     results       fair
                                                                                                                                                                               of less
                                                                                                                                                                                   the
The
value  Company
        of
     than   derivative
            a         is
               specified  subject
                            financial to instruments)
                                threshold.external   covenants
                                                           less      on
                                                                  cash    its
                                                                        and    Senior
                                                                               cash
current internal ratios are consistent with its capital management's objectives.       U.S.   and
                                                                                      equivalents    euro
                                                                                                       and unsecured
                                                                                                            long-term        notes   and
                                                                                                                           investments.    unsecured       committed
                                                                                                                                               Capitalization    is       revolving
                                                                                                                                                                     shareholders’
The
credit
equity Company
         facility.
          plus  debt.  is in
                     The  EBITDA compliance
                            ratios   are
                                       is as     with these
                                               follows:
                                           calculated             covenants
                                                          as earnings       fromand    monitors
                                                                                   continuing     operations      an ongoing
                                                                                                     them on before         finance basis.
                                                                                                                                       costs,  The           are also
                                                                                                                                                    ratiostaxes,
                                                                                                                                                 income                   reviewed
                                                                                                                                                                      depreciation,
The   se  ratios
       Company
quarterly    by    are
                 the  is  calculated
                          subject
                        Company’s     to   on  a and
                                                 consolidated
                                          external
                                          Audit      covenants
                                                        Risk         basis.
                                                                     on
                                                                Managementits  Senior  U.S.
                                                                                   Committee. and    euro
                                                                                                    The    unsecured
                                                                                                          Company       is   notes
                                                                                                                            not      and
                                                                                                                                subject    unsecured
                                                                                                                                            to  any  other committed
                                                                                                                                                             externally   revolving
                                                                                                                                                                           imposed
amortization, restructuring               costs and acquisition-related and integration costs. The Company 2believes that the results                                          of the
-The A
credit
capital
current leverage
         facility.
           internal is
       Company
                      ratio
                     The
          requirements.
                           in are
                        ratios
                              1
                                ,
                            ratioswhich
                                     are
                                 compliance
                                           is
                                            asthe
                                               follows:
                                        consistentratio
                                                 withwith
                                                          of
                                                        these
                                                              total  debt
                                                              its capital    to EBITDA
                                                                             management's
                                                                  covenants and
                                                                                            for  the  four  most
                                                                                                  objectives.
                                                                                       monitors them
                                                                                                                   recent     quarters      .
                                                                                                              on an ongoing basis. The ratios are also reviewed
quarterly by the        Company’s Audit and 1           Risk Management Committee. The Company                          is not subject2 to any other externally imposed
-TheAn    interest is
        leverage
       Company         and
                      ratio1, rent
                          subject    coverage
                                      to is
                                  which       the ratio ,of
                                          external   covenantstotal is
                                                            which    debt
                                                                     on   itstoratio
                                                                         the    EBITDA
                                                                               Senior         EBITDAR
                                                                                        theforand
                                                                                     ofU.S.      the euro     for
                                                                                                      four 1most  the
                                                                                                           unsecured    four
                                                                                                                   recent      most
                                                                                                                              quarters
                                                                                                                             notes     recent
                                                                                                                                     and         quarters to
                                                                                                                                           .unsecured            the total
                                                                                                                                                           committed         finance
                                                                                                                                                                          revolving
capital
1
          requirements.
   Non-GAAP     measure.
     costs
credit       and the
         facility.         operating
                     The ratios      are asrentals  in the same periods. EBITDAR is calculated as EBITDA before rent expense2.
                                               follows:
2
 - InAn
      the interest
          event of anand      rent coverage
                         acquisition,              ratio1
                                       the available      , which
                                                      historical     is the
                                                                 financial     ratio ofofthe
                                                                           information    the EBITDAR
                                                                                              acquired   company
                                                                                                            1
                                                                                                              for the   four
                                                                                                                   will be     most
                                                                                                                            used       recent
                                                                                                                                  in the         quarters
                                                                                                                                         computation   of theto  the total finance
                                                                                                                                                              ratios.
1-   In
     A   the  case
             and
        leverage
     costs            ratiothe
                     theof    1
                                ,  Seniorisentals
                                  which
                           operating          the   andthe
                                              U.S.ratio
                                                    in    euro
                                                          of  totalunsecured
                                                              samedebtperiods.    notes,
                                                                             to EBITDA
                                                                                   EBITDAR  a minimum
                                                                                            for the
                                                                                                  is         net
                                                                                                     calculated
                                                                                                      four         recentis
                                                                                                                  worth
                                                                                                            most as      EBITDArequired,
                                                                                                                              quartersbefore
                                                                                                                                          2
                                                                                                                                              whereby
                                                                                                                                            . rent        shareholders’ equity,
                                                                                                                                                      expense2.
   Non-GAAP     measure.
2    excluding
   In the event of anforeign      exchange
                         acquisition,           translation
                                       the available             adjustments
                                                      historical financial         included
                                                                           information of the in    accumulated
                                                                                              acquired                other
                                                                                                         company will be       comprehensive
                                                                                                                            used in the               income,
                                                                                                                                         computation of the        cannot be less
                                                                                                                                                              ratios.
 - InAn
     thanthe
          interest
            a case     andthe
               specifiedof    rent Senior
                                     coverage
                                threshold.                         unsecured
                                                            which is
                                                    and1,euro
                                              U.S. ratio                 the rationotes,      minimum 1net
                                                                                     of thea EBITDAR          for the
                                                                                                                  worth fouris most
                                                                                                                               required,
                                                                                                                                       recent whereby
                                                                                                                                                 quarters to the
                                                                                                                                                          shareholders’total finance
                                                                                                                                                                               equity,
     excluding
     costs   and the foreign
                           operating
                                  exchange rentals in
                                                translation
                                                        the same adjustments
                                                                      periods. included
                                                                                   EBITDARinis calculated
                                                                                                    accumulatedasother   EBITDA before
                                                                                                                               comprehensive    rent expense
                                                                                                                                                      income, 2.cannot be less
Thesethanratios    are calculated
            a specified         threshold. on a consolidated basis.
-TheInCompany
         the case is    of in
                            thecompliance
                                   Senior U.S.      andthese
                                                 with     euro covenants
                                                                   unsecured and  notes,    a minimum
                                                                                       monitors      them net     worth
                                                                                                              on an         is required,
                                                                                                                       ongoing      basis. whereby
                                                                                                                                               The ratios shareholders’        equity,
                                                                                                                                                                    also reviewed
These     ratios are
     excluding            calculated
                     foreign      exchange on atranslation
                                                 consolidated        basis.
                                                                 adjustments       included     in  accumulated       other    comprehensive          income,      cannot    be   less
quarterly by the Company’s Audit and Risk Management Committee. The Company is not subject to any other externally imposed
The  than
capital     a
       Company specified
          requirements.         threshold.
                       is in compliance with these covenants and monitors them on an ongoing basis. The ratios are also reviewed
quarterly  by the
These ratios    areCompany’s
                     calculated Audit      and Risk Management
                                    on a consolidated     basis.      Committee. The Company is not subject to any other externally imposed
capital requirements.
1
  Non-GAAP measure.
The   Company is in compliance with these covenants and monitors them on an ongoing basis. The ratios are also reviewed
2
quarterly
1
  In       by of
     the event the Company’s
                 an acquisition, theAudit  andhistorical
                                     available  Risk financial
                                                       Management     Committee.
                                                               information of         Thecompany
                                                                              the acquired Company
                                                                                                 will is
                                                                                                      be not
                                                                                                         used in the to
                                                                                                             subject    any ofother
                                                                                                                    computation     externally imposed
                                                                                                                                 the ratios.
  Non-GAAP measure.
capital
2
         requirements.
    In the event of an acquisition, the available historical financial information of the acquired company will be used in the computation of the ratios.

1
  Non-GAAP measure.
120
CGI Group Inc. – Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016
2                                                                                                                                                                                  62
    In the event of an acquisition, the available historical financial information of the acquired company will be used in the computation of the ratios.
Shareholder Information


Shareholder information listing                                          Transfer agent
IPO: 1986                                                                Computershare Trust Company of Canada
Toronto Stock Exchange, April 1992: GIB.A                                100 University Avenue, 8th Floor
New York Stock Exchange, October 1998: GIB                               Toronto, Ontario M5J 2Y1
Number of shares outstanding as of September 30, 2017:                   Telephone: 1 800 564-6253
254,106,795 Class A subordinate voting shares                            www.investorcentre.com/service
32,852,748 Class B shares
                                                                         Investor relations
High/low of share price from October 1, 2016
                                                                         For further information about the Company, additional copies of this
to September 30, 2017:
                                                                         report or other financial information, please contact:
                                 TSX (CDN$)               NYSE (U.S.$)
                                                                         CGI Group Inc.
High:                               69.22                     53.65      Investor Relations
Low:                                60.61                     45.73      Email: ir@cgi.com
                                                                         Web: cgi.com/investors
                                                                         1350 René-Lévesque Blvd West,
                                                                         15th floor
The certifications required by National Instrument 52-109
                                                                         Montréal, Québec H3G 1T4
Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings
                                                                         Canada
whereby CGI’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
                                                                         Tel.: 514-841-3200
certify the accuracy of the information contained in CGI’s Annual
Information Form, Annual Audited Consolidated Financial                  Annual general meeting of shareholders
Statements and Annual Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                                                                         Wednesday, January 31, 2018 at 11:00 a.m.
are available on the Canadian Securities Administrators’ website
                                                                         Ritz-Carlton Montréal
at www.sedar.com. Similar certifications required by Rule 13a-14(a)
                                                                         Oval Room
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 302 of the
                                                                         1228 Sherbrooke Street West
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are attached as exhibits to our
                                                                         Montréal, Québec H3G 1H6
Form 40-F which is available on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.
                                                                         Canada
The certification required by Section 303A.12(c) of the NYSE
Listed Company Manual is also filed annually with the New York           A live webcast of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders will
Stock Exchange. CGI’s corporate governance practices conform             be available via cgi.com/investors. Complete instructions for viewing
to those followed by U.S. domestic companies under New York              the webcast will be available on CGI’s website. To vote by phone
Stock Exchange listing standards. A summary of these                     or by using the internet, please refer to the instructions provided in
practices is provided in the report of the Corporate Governance          CGI’s 2017 Management Proxy Circular.
Committee contained in CGI’s Management Proxy Circular                   The online version of CGI’s 2017 Annual Report is available at
which is available on the Canadian Securities Administrators’            cgi.com/investors.
website at www.sedar.com, on EDGAR at www.edgar.com                      Le rapport annuel 2017 de CGI est aussi publié en français
and on CGI’s website at www.cgi.com.                                     et disponible sur cgi.com/investisseurs.

Auditors
Ernst & Young LLP




                                                                                                                                          121
Founded in 1976, CGI is one of the largest IT and business
consulting services firms in the world. Operating in
hundreds of locations across the globe, CGI professionals
help clients to achieve their goals, including becoming
customer-centric digital organizations. We deliver an
end-to-end portfolio of capabilities, from high-end IT and
business consulting to systems integration, outsourcing
services and intellectual property solutions that help
accelerate clients’ results.
CGI works with clients around the world through a
unique client proximity model complemented by a global
delivery center of excellence network to help clients
accelerate results, transform their organizations and drive
competitive advantage.


                        cgi.com




                   © 2017 CGI Group Inc.
